Doug Parker: Okay, sure, David. This is Doug and let me first take the guidance point and then Don can talk more about the environment. So anway, the guidance change was simply again you know, oil prices are - just the change in oil prices versus three months ago $650 million [indiscernible] We didn't build into our guidance some hope that because oil prices are higher than they were three months ago that fares in the future are going to be higher than they are today. That may be the case we shall see, but we didn't do that. In this case the other three months higher – the $650 million are higher they were three months ago, but they're not much higher or much different than they were a year ago or certainly you know throughout the 2013. So they went down for a period of time. At the time we gave our last guidance, they've recovered. That doesn't – while we'll do everything we can of course to make sure we're pricing to cover our cost and increase cost as to the guidance itself largely just as the fuel price being adjusted back to current levels where they were three months ago. Don, do you want to talk about the environment.
Doug Parker: There really hasn't been anybody and so mid market and mid-level and up in the organization is are all people that we’re here when Scott was here.
Doug Parker: Thanks I'll try and give you details. Look, really good question one that we ask ourselves all the time and our auditors ask us. But the reality is what we – we’re very careful about what we include in special items, they are meant to be items that are non-recurring items. Therefore to give all of us and our investors in particular an idea of what the ongoing financial performance of the company is. So and the fact of the matter is in an airline merger related activities still go on four and five years later and they still are. So we work through with our auditors to figure out what exactly things that are that are going on that are related to the merger. We still have issues related to mergers its something we – just this quarter. We got our flight attendants onto one scheduling system, so that they can - so they can work together, there is a lot more to do in maintenance and other items. So they are items that we wouldn't do if it weren't for the merger that wouldn't have been in either companies, you know if they were separate, they're there because we merged two airlines and have to incur expenses as a result of the merger. But Derek, any one detail…
Doug Parker: I’ll just add that you know these 15 Gates in this satellite-e, that's a fantastic opportunity. So you know versus you know going out and spending tens of millions dollars you know for Gate you know anywhere else you know for growth. These are these are a fraction of a fraction of that kind of cost and we're ready to go. So excited.
Doug Parker: Okay. First, anyway. I look at that number, their absolute numbers that they gave one, and if they did it's dramatically different.
Doug Parker: But we shouldn't speak for that But our analysis at least on what they said looked consistent with ours is what we should say, we may be missing that, but what we just looked at what they said came in those numbers as Derek said that way. So it seem totally consistent. In terms of the absolute number, the inconsistency versus ours is a little bit as Robert suggested that our RASM in the second quarter would be lower than it would've been otherwise, this suggest to be would be higher, and they have higher CASM and we didn't have until we got that much. You know, again this is not speaking for them only for us, but trying ourselves to understand why that may be, that is that we see more of a revenue per ASM change and – we see revenue per ASM falling actually, they see it going up a little bit. And in the second quarter a few points to make, one in this December MAX of course is an entirely domestic airplane. So on the American Airlines system, well the domestic revenue per ASM is a higher number than revenue per ASM internationally because of stage link. So Southwest probably doesn’t have the issue. They don't - they're not taking out their highest revenue per ASM flying, in this case we are just a math issue basically. But that would have an impact. The other point you know that I that I imagine is the case. Robert talked about how painful this is to us. At American in the near term when we have people who have bought travel in advance, so you know in our pricing model, Some leisure travelers with advanced purchases who have bought lower priced tickets. And then we cancel them in a relatively near term. In a peak, we need to provide them seats that we were holding back for higher price customers, for higher yielding customers. So that has a real impact on revenue per ASM. And again, Southwest pricing model has less of that than ours. So those again is our best guess as to why they may be seeing a different thing on revenue per ASM than we are. But the total - the total profitability impact to us look right in line with where we are, but if we're wrong on that, let us not…
Doug Parker: That's right our first product its an upscale subsidiary push offers at upselling a premium cabin and we're going to be in market with our initial product by the end of May.
Doug Parker: Its Doug. When we talk about growth for this year it is DFW and then the start of Charlotte. So you know again as we take a look at you know any of the growth that is done it mentioned earlier any growth we have planned for the summer as we extend out into that schedule for DFW and Charlotte. You know we think that that is a smart growth and it's growth that is going to maintain performance for us we take a look out through the end of the year.
Doug Parker: Again the bulk of the growth is going to be focused on Dallas right, skewed to overall domestic growth. Domestic has again higher nominal, right. So the entity mix as we head into the fourth quarter is going to be favorable for us.
Doug Parker: And there's good news on the horizon, that we're very confident that our Qantas JV. will be approved to go forward sometime soon and that's beneficial. And we're constantly at work with IAG, especially B.A. and making sure that you know every thing that we do is making our product more consistent and easier to use for our customers.
Doug Parker: Yeah. Thanks, Andrew. They'll be consistent, what you've seen from us to date and then looking at - and our view on capital allocation goes like this, as we generate cash we use it first, again having generating cash having - having invested in the operation, but having produced revenues in excess of what we've spent in the operation. We then look to invest in the business in any manner that can get returns for our investors, that meet our thresholds. Those obviously as we as we get through all of this both merger - capital expense and fleet monetization expense fall off. So we'll have - we have less need for CapEx is what we're saying. We then look to with the cash flow then it still exists. Free cash flow that comes we look to make sure that all of our debt is efficient and not at the level that is remotely concerning. So there's any debt that can be - it is that high levels can be preplanning debt that's coming due that is amortizing we pay off and may or may not decide to refinance issue, refinance based upon where we're at the time. Having done all that what we want to be certain is at least in today's environment that we have at least $7 billion of liquidity at any time, that's an enormous amount of cash for a company our size. But that is the cost to our shareholders and it being more levered. What we know is as confident we are in the future we need to be prepared for any short of any sort of black swan type event that could require us to need additional capital, so we hold a lot of cash with a view that's more important in those times than having unencumbered airplanes which are hard to finance in those times. So having done all that to the extent there's a free cash flow that goes for our shareholders because we've determined that there's - we've used what we've generate to as best - as best we can. And having no other alternatives we look to give it back to our shareholders. If we believe the stock is undervalued, the best way to do that is buyback our shares. If we happen to believe the stock is fairly valued, we would look to do things like dividends. o that's what you should expect.
Doug Parker: Yeah, look I don't believe either 77, do we're going to lower in 75. So I want to correct that. What I have said I think is $7 billion is a really high number for a company our size. I'm always careful to note that because some people started talking about that as some sort of a minimum cash is not even closer to a maximum cash. Basically you could run this airline up to probably $2 billion of cash before you started being – before you started having sort of issues about the future. But - so we hold basically a $5 billion cushion, I think I said, and maybe that at some point I think it'll be - it'll make sense to relook that number. But you know., where we today we still believe that's the right number we still do have, we still are working through merger, we still do have some large CapEx expenditures in this year and we still and frankly we still and we - this earnings level that we're projecting isn’t what we believe is an earnings level that gets us excited about reducing that number either. So for all those reasons we think $7 billion is the right number at this point in time. And as aggressive as we are in terms of wanting to return capital to shareholders certainly and aggressive at these valuations and wanting to repurchase shares. We are equally if not where we are more aggressive in our view that we're not going to - we're not going to violate the $7 billion cash number. As we move forward, we think that's important that we keep in place that - as we sit here today. As we move forward, I suspect we'll come to the conclusion that we don't need to have that large of a number. But we're still working through all the issues I said and as we do so that feel like the right number now.
Doug Parker: Yeah. Happy to. I think in the 357 everyone else doesn't know we're talking about – we have and have had for a while our incentive - our short term incentive plan tied to pre-tax profits with a threshold $3 billion, target of $5 billion maximum of $7 billion which is which as we've stated is our long term view about the profitability generating potential of this company. In 2018, you're right on a reported basis we were slightly below %3 billion on a pre-tax level but this calculation is made prior to the payments themselves of course and prior to profit sharing. So what you'll see in the proxy is that while it was reported number below $3 billion in terms of the plan calculation it was slightly above $3 billion. So the team got a 51% of their target bonus in 2018. As we move to 2019 and setting the plan you know, we - as to the named executive officers me and my director reports are still are still on in 2018 the 357 plan. But look we got to be careful about making sure that while we may believe that's the long term future, we're going to make certain that we have incentive plans that allow our team to believe they have a reasonable chance at getting their bonuses in any given year. So we did amend the plan for everyone below the any of us to – for ought to be split into two components now of financial - financial plan and the operational plan 50/50 of each and the financial piece we tied for 2018, for 2019 I am sorry, to $4 billion of pre-tax earnings and starting at zero, much like the profit sharing does. So that - that's where we set it going forward. Long way we say, which I think you really care about more is what is our view about 357 over the long term, its still - again we said there, I still believe this company has potential. I will tell you as we sit here today you know, given where we were for the past couple of years, as you think about explaining to people where you think you are. I would say certainly as you go into 2019 that it feels a lot more like 3, 4, 5, 4 is a good year, 5 would be a great year, 3 is not a very good year. That's - and I am not trying to make any big statement there about our long term view of the company, but just rather let you know what it feels like today and really what I'm saying it's tightened somewhat in that range. And you know, and we'll see where it goes going forward. But you know, what I would also point out is if you want to go build the numbers like that in the models into the future you're going to find I believe you will find that our stock is well undervalued because it's not trading like - it's certainly not trading at 3, 5, 7, it is not trading like 3, 4,5. And that's where we believe we are today.
Doug Parker: Yeah, great news on that, as we've had teams that hard at work for you know literally you know over a year to make sure not only the facility is ready to go, but surface management at the airport and then also you know ATC is ready to go. And so when we take a look at from a regional perspective or from a mainline perspective and whether you're talking about you know Gates or equipment or personnel, we've already ramped up to a considerable level, we're not quite at the 900 level yet, but we will be at the end of this month and really confident about where we go - where we are going forward.
Doug Parker: Well, we haven't thinking about cuts, what I would say is that we're all - we're always on the lookout to make sure that we're optimizing profitability for the network as a whole. And so you know both you know international, domestic are interrelated and you know it's a network business. So as we take a look we will evaluate, you know our hubs, we’ll evaluate our fleet and certainly you know, all the cities that we fly. But as you know - I'll underscore again you know when we talk about the DFW flying for the remainder of the year and the growth that we have planned for the year it's largely DFW related and the kind of things that we're doing, is we're adding some new markets, some new spokes to DFW places like Cheyenne, and Del Rio and Harlingen you know, places that we haven’t served and then you know increasing capacity from a perspective of frequency out of DFW just some markets both you know, the smaller and midsized that we think that's going to make DFW stronger overall for the long run.
Doug Parker: If the FAA recertifies the MAX, we absolutely will fly the airplane. That's our regulator. And if the FAA determines that it's airworthy, it is absolutely airworthy and anyone that’s flying on an aircraft will know that for certain. Look, but, this is part of the issue that you know FAA and DOT need to work through, the administration needs to work through. And I don't know that that's a scenario that will develop or not. But to be clear, we're regulated by the FAA. We know that that aircraft with our pilots with our training systems, with our aircraft is airworthy, will be certainly will be airworthy if the FAA recertifies it and we will – so yes.
Doug Parker: Well, look again, our pilots were critical of this, we've been working. Our pilots have been heavily involved in all this work. We -that's what gives us - what will give us confidence and what will give the flying public confidence that the aircraft is safe to fly will be when American Airlines pilots say that it's safe to fly because I can tell you for certain is that if an American owned pilot decides that their plane is safe to fly you can be a hundred percent certain of that and not because - not out of bravado, out of analysis, out of understanding the aircraft, out of training, out of knowing, they have been their co-pilot has been trained accordingly. So absolutely our pilots will be not just involved and critical to this process will make sure whatever time the aircraft is deemed airworthy that our pilots will - that will have a leadership role in ensuring that they are comfortable with that. So that's given and we'll make sure that will be done. But again we believe based on what we know now that that was by August 19th, we will pass those thresholds.
Doug Parker: So that the good news is that you know we work very closely with all of our partner carriers and it is a process when we establish relationships, you know we do extensive reviews of their operations as well. And so you know from our perspective you know we feel very comfortable with the one more carriers that we deal with and as well with you know our joint business partners and we'll continue to make sure that you know customers flying an American Airlines whether on American Airlines or with any of our partners that they're getting the best service and the most safe and reliable service that you can get.
Doug Parker: Yeah, all of our efforts at this point are working to make sure you get the airplane recertified and flying again for our customers and our team members were working closely with Boeing, at the appropriate time we'll talk about what this is done to American. And Boeing's is a very good and long time partner and we'll work through that privately, but nothing that we – we had any conversations at that point yet. And at some point perhaps we will, but right now we're focused on working together to get the airplane back andrecertify.
Doug Parker: Boeing, is a phenomenal company that builds great airplanes as is Airbus. Obviously we're not happy about this issue but no one is. Tragic events and what we care about is safety and we will work together as this industry always does to ensure that safety is the number one focus. And we don't compete on safety nor do aircraft manufacturers. So we will as an industry make certain that that this is addressed in a way that ensures that all aircraft are 100% safe and as that happens we're certain that both manufacturers are committed to that as we are.
Doug Parker: I'll just I'll just chime in here. Look we have to - first off you know we operated the 737 MAX you know very successfully for a number of months and really hadn't had to deal with any anomalies. So what we're doing is working with the FAA and with Boeing on what's been reported you know from the incidents to make the aircraft better and correct any deficiencies. And I know that when we get through with addressing the issues related to MKS software that it's going to be an even better plane. And so, again from our perspective we have what you know about you know issues related to the aircraft. We certainly have our own experience with it and we're constantly working to make sure that we make the aircraft better and you know we look forward to recertification.
Doug Parker: Hey, Ted. We're constantly taking a look at how the marketplace works and for us it's just better connecting opportunities. And so we think that it's going to be a great fight and hopefully it'll lead to better things in the future.
Doug Parker: Yes it is. And you know for smaller markets you just need a lot more connecting traffic to make, in survey…
Doug Parker: We've just begun negotiation with our pilots. The talks are happening well in advance of the amendable date which is January of 2020. So we're happy to be talking well in advance of that. And we would be - it would be nice to get something done before the amenable date. I think both parties goals and we'll keep working toward that, nothing new to report.
Doug Parker: My closing remarks is thank you. Thank you for your interest. If you have any questions give Dan or corporate communications a call. Thanks, again.
Don Casey: Sure. So just you know, we did see during the first quarter you know a bit of weakness in leisure yields. This was driven primarily by price reductions and flow and connecting markets in the domestic business, plus some sporadic aggressive pricing in trans cut [ph] markets. The biggest impact however was just the grounding of the MAX through the end of March and through April. As we look forward from where we’re right now load factors are up in future months and the yield environment has stabilized and we're seeing growth every week and the yields are pretty happy with what the outlook looks like, which is one of the reasons why we've guided up about 0.5 in the first quarter.
Don Casey: Sure. So again as we went through the quarter, we actually stress through January and February, a very, very strong closing yields for bookings within 13 days of departure, with the MAX cancellations we did see some share shift. This was caused by the fact that we re-accommodated customers on two flights and just less seats out in the market to go sell. That is an impact to the end of March and really through April as well. And we saw just because of schedule uncertainty as we canceled the schedule in three tranches some customers moving away just due to schedule uncertainty, that is now kind of come back and we're seeing the same kind of kind of close in yield improvements that we saw in January and February.
Don Casey: Okay, Jamie. Let me try first the premise. And then if you'd like to explain why- if we did what you're suggesting, I think that would not be - that that would actually hurt earnings not help them.
Don Casey: Yes. So on the premise itself that you know, when these aircraft come back into service. You know, as Robert said, we - after you know getting every piece of information we can from the FAA and Boeing who have been working closely with us of course, you know we came to the conclusion that we needed to - we needed for our customers certainty in booking and for our team members to put the start up date as far out in the future as we thought - as we as we said to FAA and Boeing that we need like 95% certainty, that the aircraft – that what we're – that what we're going to be - what we're going to be selling will actually be flown. That's what we think about August 19th. There are all sorts of different suggestions as to what is required to do this. But the reality is the FAA and the DOT regulate the US carriers. They are working closely with Boeing. Everything we see at this point is there - is a fix that makes the aircraft airworthy for any airline. And when that - when they make that determination we expect with the aircraft will be recertified. And again, we believe August 19th is a date that gives us a lot of certainty, it gives our customer certainty and expect actually that it'll be certified well before that date. So that's why we said it there because we think it's well outside the day. So anyway, actually that's where we are…
Don Casey: You know, doing something different and that is why we did it, that's because we believe that the aircraft will be certified before that. And I certainly hope that's the case.
Don Casey: Well, maybe you can tell us why you'd like to know that. I'm just confused what you're trying to get at Jamie.
Don Casey: Yeah, even looking at us on Love Field, I'm not sure how you get to 50%, you know, number. I mean the big part of the growth and Love Field is capped, right. So there's really no departure growth happening at Love Field right now. We're growing about 100 departures right at DFW from 800 to 900. But anyway…
Don Casey: It's arguably a cherry picked trough, but the point there is lot more capacity on it was 10 years ago and I'm just trying to make sure you know, how you guys are thinking about the competitive impact, either from yourselves or others? That’s what I'm getting at? Thanks.
Don Casey: I mean, the only thing we could figure out from their guidance was they went – CASM was worst by 4% and RASM went up by 1%. So a four point basis point reduction in earnings which would be over on their margin would be over $250 million dollars in the second quarter. So…
Don Casey: Okay, sure. This is Don. I mean, if you go to look at the first quarter you know Latin was our most challenged entity for the quarter. You know particular for Argentina and Venezuela where we saw you know revenue declines as you know more than 20%. Just as a reminder we did end up suspending operations to Venezuela on March 28. So that won't have an impact as we look forward. We also in the first quarter - particularly difficult comps in Latin America in our unit revenue growth in the first quarter last year is up 12%, while the rest of the industry grew in the 5% range. We also face some currency headwinds in the first quarter. Latin America by about 1.7 points. But as we look forward into the second quarter in Latin America we expect Latin America actually positive in the second quarter and we expect Brazil to have positive revenue in the second quarter as well. In Atlantic, we did see softer pricing in the economy cabin during the first quarter which we're able to offset with higher load factors. Premium demand did hold up and we were able to improve our yields in the premium cabins. UK was our top performing market in the first quarter and we have not really seen any impact at this point related to Brexit. And we expect similar to potentially slightly better performance in Atlantic as we look into the second quarter. Pacific was our best performing entity for the quarter with unit revenue growth about 9%. Gains were really in both yield and load factor across the both economy and business gap. And so it is really broad strength in the Pacific. I mean every entity in the Pacific I posit you know revenue growth led by Hong Kong, Japan. We benefited from our restructuring of our operations to China and our partnership with China Southern. So we added five additional Kocher cities to Beijing, and now to Shanghai we now cover either through our own metal or through our coach. With China Southern 86% of demand. So we expect that Pacific looking forward to be solidly profitable in the second quarter - solidly positive in the second quarter as well.
Don Casey: I guess, that's just an ongoing process right. So with all of our joint businesses you know, we have a roadmap of initiatives on how we're going to better integrate our services because that's really the key is creating more seamless experience for customers across the combined networks.
Derek Kerr: It'll be harder to do. But I mean, I can give you what the EPS impact. I mean, we said it's $0.60 for where we're at. By month or by quarter, right now in the second quarter we said over $350 million dollar impact. We have 50 in the first quarter approximately 185 in the second quarter and approximately 115 in the third quarter. So I would say you know 185 in the second quarter is a full quarter. So that's a number that's there the whole time. But that is the summer and that's the peak. So it might be a little bit higher than if it continued into August, September, October it might have a little bit less effect where we probably have a little bit more room. I mean, the reason we took it down to August 19th is that's when the end of the summer is and when the peak is. So we may have a little bit more room in August and September you know. to o cover some of the flying. So I think that that's the best we can do right now from that effect. But you got $0.60 a share and then the impact about 180 and a full quarter.
Derek Kerr: Well, I would say its exactly right. I think from a cash standpoint the merger and integration items are okay. Items that come out of cash, whereas I think the fleet restructuring is non-cash and it's just bringing falling forward, catch up depreciation and accelerated depreciation. Example is you know, the aircraft that you know as part of the merger we're doing are - we call it the Oasis project or the project to conform the aircraft and make sure that they're all the seats are the same on both A321s and 73s that makes us go on the newer 737 aircraft and retire like the seats in the videos on the back five years earlier and that's catch up depreciation that you put in there. So that's non-cash, merger and integration is almost all cash. As you break out the two numbers.
Derek Kerr: Yeah. And we’re looking at all Jim is – I am sorry, I do it every time. And it's not intentional, I promised.
Derek Kerr: I know, sincere apologies to you both. So look, again I mean, this is one of these once in a lifetime opportunities that are good for the airline in everyway, it is you know, our largest of the chance to expand it by 100 departures, it doesn't come along very often. Frankly it's not so much about Dallas, as it is about the United States because we connect – we will be connecting most of those people over Dallas much more to markets that we weren't able to sell before. In some cases that our competitors are able so in other cases that we just sold you know not very efficiently. So it's you know, these things as Robert noted we add these flights, they come in at system average, they don't need to build up their markets that - there's demand for the travel and you fly an airplane into Dallas, Fort Worth and it connects people to hundreds of markets. They didn't have opportunities to fly to before. It's built not the hub getting it even to be even more powerful than it is today. And it's really, it's very nice growth.
Hunter Keay: Hey. Morning, Doug. Thank you everybody. Hey you guys have talked about over actually your over $3 billion in merger related costs being pulled out of CASM now five years after the merger. You're not the only airline to do that and so sorry to isolate you here. But I'm curious to know when these are going to stop and how much of the special items, you know, this quarter and that $3 billion have been cash? Thanks.
Hunter Keay: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then you know, Robert or whoever maybe, you talked about Dallas growth and obviously reference to the economic strength in the region, but capacity in the DFW area is going to be about 50% higher this summer than it was in 2010. How are you thinking about that in terms of maybe you know, over saturating the market, competing against yourself either of your local or connecting basis and just managing the risk around some of this growth? Thanks.
Hunter Keay: Don, I'm sorry. I was talking about - just to be clear, from 2010 it's a long time ago, not year on year.
Hunter Keay: Sure. Well, as we get from 2010 to 2018 right which was up until last year, it's been one of our best performing hubs during that entire time period, right. We're growing at this year a big percentage of the customers we're going to grow we're going to be connecting customers, right, so not really reliant, just on the DFW market. And again when we look at the early results in terms of the how the new markets are booking up, their booking at or above the system average, so I think we're pretty encouraged.
