William Parker: Thank you, Dan, for the wonderful, dramatic reading you just did. Thanks, everybody, for being on. We are really pleased to report record first quarter profits in our first full quarter post merger. We announced today a profit for the first quarter, a record $480 million, excluding special items, a record first quarter net profit of $402 million. Last year, US Airways and American, combined, earned only $62 million on that same basis. So this $402 million is an increase of $340 million or an increase of 548%. Those results are thanks to a phenomenal effort by our over 100,000 team members. This was the most difficult winter season any of us have ever experienced in this business, and our team managed through it in an exceptional way and did a great job of taking care of our customers. The teams are working really well together. We're very pleased with the progress we're making on the merger so far. I'm quick to note that it's still very early in the process, and the hardest work lies ahead. But so far, so good. The progress to date, combined with today's results, give us confidence we're on the right track. And then lastly, in the release, we noted we ended the quarter with $10.6 billion in total cash and that since the merger, we have used $542 million of cash to reduce our diluted share count by approximately 20 million shares. Derek will talk more about that, but I just wanted -- I know some of you are interested in the company's plans for our cash. We spent a good bit of time discussing that in our board meeting this week. The reality is we're just 4.5 months into our merger, but we are looking very carefully at our optimal financial and capital allocation strategies and expect to announce more details as the year progresses. But the $542 million used towards share reduction, hopefully, gives you some indication of our views. So with that said, I'll turn it over to Derek to give you more detail, and then Scott will walk through the revenue projections. 
William Parker: Jamie, it's Doug. I'll use it as a soapbox. Now look this is -- I don't know how it's happened, but at some point in the last couple of years, the market or some -- or analysts or whoever are starting to look at operating margin for airlines, which is something, from my old CFO days, we worked really hard to get people to stop doing because it's not a good measure of -- in the airline business, it's an FTC [ph] measure, of course. But it's not a good measure for airlines because just because you would never look at a balance sheet debt without capitalizing operating leases. You shouldn't look at operating margins at airlines and think that doesn't include ownership costs because it does. It includes a lot of them. So we have always -- I don't know, it's -- I shouldn't take credit for this. You all remember Larry Kellner, back at Continental, got everyone convinced to stop looking at this years ago back when the airline made money a long time ago. And somehow, in between the time he started losing money and new analysts came around, people are looking at it again. But it's just -- it's not a valid measure to look at airline performance because if you want to look at operating performance, you want to get operating performance, look at EBITDAR margins. Quickly, people started saying, "Well I don't like to look at EBITDAR margins because it excludes too much." We agree with that. I think, the right measure to compare it on is pretax margins. So it's not a huge deal because I don't think there are big gaps between operating -- relatively between airlines. So it's just we don't -- we're not going to talk about operating margins because it's not a measure to look at operating performance for airlines. We -- so the numbers from American are going to be pretax margin numbers. 
William Parker: Fuel, no change in our views on that, and don't anticipate doing any fuel hedging going forward. FX I'm looking... 
William Parker: Yes, yes, thanks, Mike. Yes, that's part of what I talked about -- what I was kind of getting at. Give us a few months to come back and tell you kind of what we think, to give you a better layout of our objective. Obviously, again, what I believe is -- look, we'll come back. I have a little bit of concern about those types of benchmarks. I think they undersell what the companies can do. I think our job is to go maximize profitability, to maximize return on capital. And I worry that companies that put targets in place like that, hit their target and then start spending on things instead of giving it back to the shareholders. So we want to be careful about that. We know -- I assure you that everything we're doing is focused on maximizing value for our shareholders. And in doing so, you need not worry that we're not looking at the right metrics. So we'll come back with the way we think. We plan to look at our business and we'll let you know how we plan to look at it on a going-forward basis. But it'll probably be different than what you're hearing from other airlines. 
William Parker: Well, and function of desire. Look, the airplanes are good capital investments that are replacing much older airplanes that are NPV positive capital commitments. So they are airplanes -- they are investments that the company wants to make and should make to modernize the fleet. So I don't think a major change in the order book would be in our shareholders' interest, whether there are ways to move some things around and fine-tune it, perhaps. But we're comfortable with the flexibility we have because we have with this, either the ability to stay essentially the same size as we have currently come in, and retire older planes, or have some modest growth if demand warrants. So we actually like where we are in terms of flexibility as it relates to the order book. The issue that was disclosed is one where, per the contract, American had lined up some financing with Airbus and per the -- and had the foresight to say, if we don't need this financing, which we now don't need given this performance, that we will have the flexibility to reduce some of the aircraft. And we availed ourselves of that flexibility because we're not going to use the financing. 
William Parker: Sure, just a little more time really. I mean, we're so focused on getting the airlines together and integrating and making -- and we want to be sure we do it right. So I think we all know directionally where we should be headed, and we're headed directionally in that area. It's just a matter of -- before we go make an announcement, we want to make sure that we've thought out all the issues and have done it right. So we'll do it thoughtfully, but also I think in a way that everyone will be pleased with the results. 
William Parker: We cannot. We cannot We can confirm that, per the agreement with the Department of Justice, we agreed to divest those gates, but we have no other knowledge. 
William Parker: And Terry -- Steve, correct me if I'm wrong. But Terry, the distinction, of course, of gates versus the slots. Slots were owned by the company, and these gates are owned by the city of Dallas. 
William Parker: Right. Not slots, they're gates and -- anyway, we're involved somewhat. We're not -- we've agreed that we won't use them and the city's working with airlines as much as we are. 
William Parker: Excellent. Thank you very much for all your interest. Again, I want to thank the whole team for the great job they've done in producing these record profits, and we're looking forward to having similar or better results in the future. Thank you, all, very much for your time. 
J. Kirby: Thanks, Derek, and I'd like to start by thanking all the people of American Airlines for the great job they did operationally during the first quarter in spite of the very difficult weather challenges. We've seen dramatic improvement in the operation, including a #1 on-time performance and #1 lowest mishandled baggage rate in January. Those are significant improvements in maintenance reliability, and the team is just running a great operation to start the second quarter. On the revenue front, our first quarter RASM was up 2.9%. The revenue environment was good throughout the quarter, though it was impacted by weather and the movement of Easter timing. We saw particular strength in our domestic network, RASM up 6% year-over-year. Pacific RASM was up 9%. Latin RASM was down 1%, which, given industry capacity growth of 7% and challenges in Venezuela and Argentina, we view as a fairly strong performance. Atlantic RASM was down 2% as the US Airways network transitioned out of Star Alliance but didn't join oneworld until March 31 and, therefore, was unable to take alliance bookings throughout the quarter. We're still early in the integration process, but we continue to be pleased with the progress thus far. I've already highlighted some of the operational improvements that we've seen. But in the first quarter, we also had some major milestones, including a successful "Customer Day One" cutover. We implemented the largest codeshare in airline history. We converted US Airways from Star to oneworld, began integrating our frequent flyer programs, combined operations in additional 32 airports, started winning new corporate business in sales with the combined network. And we have many more initiatives underway. All the work we're doing leaves us even more confident that we'll be able to meet or exceed our prior synergy guidance. More synergies will start to flow through in future quarters, and the future costs and revenue opportunities, including tasks like rebanking the Miami hub will begin to be implemented when we publish our August schedule change. Turning to the outlook going forward. We feel quite good about the demand environment. Demand remains strong across all geographies, but domestic is still the strongest region in the world for us. Demand is also strong in the international markets, but high-capacity growth rates in all regions means that RASM comps will be more difficult than they are domestically. In spite of the high-capacity growth rates, however, we currently expect RASM to be up in all regions in the second quarter. Given the strength we see in demand, we expect combined consolidated RASM to be up 4% to 6% year-over-year in Q2. In conclusion, we're very encouraged with the operating results at American. The demand environment remains robust, and we're excited about the future opportunities and are moving quickly to realize those opportunities. 
J. Kirby: Yes. I mean, I -- we can't know for sure what will happen, and I'm certain that we will have some issues. Doug described our process pretty well. What I would add is we've been through this -- many of us have been through this with the America West-US Airways once before. Many people on the American side have been through it with TWA, and we've had a really good start. We've done -- we haven't done the hardest things yet, like the res system cutover. But we've done some really big initiatives like the "Customer Day One" initiative and the integration movement of US Airways into oneworld and the codeshare implementation. And in this merger, those things were all more complicated because there was no relationship between US Airways and American premerger, unlike both the United and Delta merger. So those were much more complicated than they were anywhere else. So those were big deals, and we did those successfully with very minimal impacts. And that makes us feel good that the people we have working on it and the process is going to be successful when we finish everything. 
J. Kirby: Yes, I think it's probably not an apples-to-oranges comparison for comparing us to the others because they have much bigger operations. And so we've done some things to improve slot times for example. And that has meaningful help, and we have -- as few of flights today to Asia as we do, those can have a big effect. One of the other things that's more structural is, I think, shares -- see some shifting of shares, we've seen pretty big double-digit improvement in our premium revenues, which is generally reflective of winning share. So I think we're doing a great job tactically on winning share. But I don't think we're directly comparable to the others just because we're so much smaller. We're doing well, but probably, not directly comparable to the others. 
J. Kirby: Okay. First across the Atlantic, our weakness was more in the old US Airways network, across all geographies in the US Airways network but more Continental Europe. And that was principally the fact that we weren't in an alliance, basically, for the first quarter. So we had no alliance bookings for the whole quarter, and we expect that to rectify. It probably does mean some capacity moves around within Europe because of -- because of moving out of Star and into oneworld. But I think that's probably the biggest explanation for the Atlantic. As to the frequent flyer program, we've started making some changes already. We did anticipate, when we merged, that we will get some synergies from the frequent flyer program, and actually, that's a big part of the synergies. But with regard to what Delta's done, we -- even if we wanted to change it, couldn't change it today because we've got so much work to do just to get the programs integrated. So our IT resources are a constraint and an appropriate constraint. And back to the first question on the call, we want to make sure the integration goes smoothly and goes well. And we know that IT is the biggest risk in that regard, and so we're not going to add on extra changes until we're finished with that. So any changes for us in conceptually changing the program probably are in next year sometime. But conceptually, it certainly makes sense to reward your best customers the most. So... 
J. Kirby: We were also up mid-single-digits on corporate revenue, and that's the number we've disclosed sometimes in the past. We're probably not going to disclose the specifics for the near term just because we need to get a normalized base. What that really means is, I can always make the corporate revenue number go up just by signing more corporate accounts, but that's not necessarily smart business. And so until we get to a kind of normalized base, which we were at US Airways so we were comfortable disclosing it, we're going to probably not talk about it. But we were also up mid-single-digits. I'd add that we've had some nice corporate wins in the sales team. It's anecdotal but a lot of anecdotes of winning corporate business and being able to use the power of the new network, particularly in places like New York, where you combine our transcon products with the shuttle flying, and that's just a powerful combination. 
J. Kirby: So versus leisure. Business versus leisure, both are strong. I wouldn't classify one as stronger than the other. Both have been pretty strong. The first quarter, business revenues were distorted by the storms. I mean, the storms were significant enough that I think there actually probably was some lost revenue. Net of RASM is accretive, but there was some lost revenue because the storms were so bad. So that probably distorted the first quarter, but I think they're probably equally strong. 
J. Kirby: This is hard for me to -- because I don't things as here is a synergy and here's a change to the business. It's all improvement to the core results. And so, some of this probably was in the $1.4 billion. Some of it may not have been. What I would say is, which I said in my prepared remarks, too, but is, we feel increasingly confident that the $1 billion plus $400 million, so $1.4 billion, that we're going to meet or exceed that. The kinds of changes that we made 1 month or so ago, just increased that level of confidence that we're going to at least hit those numbers. But we're not increasing the level of guidance, but our confidence gets higher every day. 
J. Kirby: Yes. So you'll see it in PRASM and you'll see it in CASM. It will cause our CASM to go up in each of those hubs, but the profitability will go up more. The $400 million you talked about as rebanking, that's one of the elements of the $400 million, but it wasn't the only one. The other 2 big elements are putting our -- seat density, increasing seat density on the aircraft. So we're already in the process of doing that. It really won't get fully done until end of next summer actually, it will take a while. But it will start rolling out right away. That is RASM negative, CASM positive. Rebanking is RASM positive, CASM negative. And then the final one is variable scheduling, which is RASM positive and largely CASM neutral. So in total, all those mean that -- are worth about $400 million. So RASM goes up $400 million over CASM. But it will be different by each one of them. And they'll really start coming in with the August schedule change, it'll kind of be the first schedule changes. But these won't get fully ramped up probably until next summer, we'll be pretty close to be fully ramped up on this. 
J. Kirby: American didn't hedge before, and we don't have any intent to start hedging. In most places, we have at least some balance of cost versus the currency. And the really the only place we have significant currency exposure is Venezuela. Less about conversion issues and more of -- or less about conversion and more about getting the money actually converted to dollars. 
J. Kirby: Well, we're pretty heavily engaged with the government on what's going to happen with the historical repatriations that we need to get. And we just don't have much to disclose. We don't have a way to hedge or change our exposure to bolivars, there's no mechanism for doing that. And so we are exposed to Venezuela, which is about 1.4% of our revenues. And we continue to work with the Venezuelan government on getting the money back. 
J. Kirby: In general, to Latin America, our capacity is up, overlapping with a lot of new service that started last year. But our capacity is up, I think about 7% in the next quarter and industry's up just a little bit more than that. So there is a lot of capacity from Latin America for the year. 
J. Kirby: Well, the Miami schedule change, for example, is tracking exactly when we expected it to be. We always targeted the mid-August schedule change. The reason for that is, you need to get a schedule loaded 90 to 120 days in advance before -- so the customers can book it. And then you need some time to develop it, and particularly for such a change like this, you need time for the operations to be prepared for it, to review it. We're spending a lot of time with the folks involved in customs and border patrol in Miami to help with staffing issues there, and help increase the throughput, because it's something that's good for Miami and South Florida. But we're going to need help. So to get all that done and be prepared for the August schedule change, I think, is a -- I'm the most optimistic and aggressive guy around these things. And that's about as aggressive as I would've expected it to be. And in general, that's true of everything that's happening. Things are going -- decisions are being made fast. The IT has been responsive on getting us the changes in a time frame that we can get the things implement it. We feel really good about the timing and how quickly we're moving on synergy issues. 
J. Kirby: No. We're working on the Chicago and Dallas schedule changes now. So we've finished with Miami. And the scheduling teams and the ops teams that worked on Miami have now turned their attention first to Chicago, and then Dallas will come after that. But there -- I mean, we will, I'm sure, learn lessons that can be incorporated into what we do there. But we will be building the schedules and loading the schedules, assuming that Miami is going to work and just moving forward. 
J. Kirby: I don't know. I mean, it was a decent size in the first quarter. So my guess is it'll be similar in the second quarter. It might even be a little wider, because capacity gets higher. But I don't have that sitting right in front of me, but capacity growth is a little bit more in the second quarter internationally, and so I would guess that spread will widen a little, if anything. 
J. Kirby: Well, that's not a simple question. Actually, Steve Johnson is shaking his head at me. We're always trying to maximize revenue. And sometimes, that is lowering fares and sometimes that's raising fares. I think we do a pretty good job of it, and we'll continue doing that. 
J. Kirby: Well, I think our outlook for demand across the industry is ripe and it's robust, both in corporate and in leisure. I think that specific to American Airlines, we will increase our share of both such businesses as a result of the merger, but more so in the corporate business, and that is part of our synergies. I think we will carry more business traffic than we would have. The combined airline will carry more business traffic than we would've individually. And so that we will -- effectively, we will win share. And I think that is going to happen. I think it's already starting to happen. But as you get the networks integrated, as you get to a single -- get to be a single airline, that will just improve over time. 
J. Kirby: Well, I'm somewhat new to this, so I can't give you the real historical perspective. But I can say that the U.K. looks strong for us. We continue to do very well with the premium customers' end markets, like JFK to London. The pricing environment has actually improved out of the U.K. And so we're quite optimistic, we have a great partnership with British Airways, and it's a partnership, too, that we have attention at the highest level, both there and here, to try and maximize revenue. And I think people that are open-minded on both sides of the Atlantic about learning from things that all 3 of the airlines did, US Airways, American and BA, and maximizing revenues. So I feel really optimistic about that JV and our ability, over time, to improve performance across the Atlantic and improve performance out of the U.K. But for now, the U.K. looks pretty good. 
J. Kirby: The -- it's about 90% sold in Venezuela, so about 90% of the revenue is bolivars on those routes. And we have gotten paid for January of 2014, which is kind of the normal repatriation schedule, and we're hopeful we'll get paid for February in the near future. And we're talking to them about the 2013. And actually, we have some 2012 as well. But that 2012 and 2013 balance is about $700 and something million. 
J. Kirby: I would certainly never use the characterization that you used before they added growth or after. They're a competitor. They're a real competitor. They do well. And we care about them and competing with them and watch carefully what they do. We did before and we'll do after this as well. 
J. Kirby: So we are in final negotiations with a couple of providers for placing the 175s. I'm not sure when we'll announce them. But at some point, we will, I believe, announce something. As to the future of Envoy, still a very important part of the airline. And we hope someday to be able to fly large regional jets at Envoy still. And we also want that Envoy to be a place, regardless of the latest contract, that the pilots can go and ultimately transition to the mainline here at American. 
J. Kirby: I'm not sure. I don't think any of them are out of Philadelphia, but I'm not 100% sure. And it's a couple of Charlotte routes. Brussels and Belgium [ph]. 
J. Kirby: Nothing imminent, but we have a fantastic transcon product already. If you've not had the chance, you should go fly the A321 Transcon product. So we have a fantastic transcon product, it's not like regular NCE [ph]. And nothing imminent planned across the Atlantic, although that is one of the things that British Airways, their premium economy product, they do really well. And they're our partner. And so to the extent there's something we can learn and put at American Airlines, we are very open to that. That's one of the things that we're talking to them about. We don't have anything imminently planned. 
Derek Kerr: Yes. They'll be no higher than $5 million each quarter. So what we had this quarter is probably what we'll have for the rest of the quarter for income taxes going forward for the rest of the year. 
Derek Kerr: No, I was just going to follow up. I mean, I think the -- it's more second and third quarter similar seasonality, then the fourth quarter, and then goes to the first quarter. So I think that's the -- that's where you're at from seasonality and earnings for quarter purposes. 
Derek Kerr: Yes, I think, Dan, the -- I mean, I haven't looked at disclosure segment in a while, so I'm not sure exactly where that is. But the run rate for non-op capital expenditures, we have about $900 million this year. I believe it'll ramp to somewhere in the $750 million going forward. That will include the $1.2 billion that we talked about to integrate the 2 airlines. So that'll be in that number. So I would expect that $900 million to ramp down to $750 million and then, overtime, be down a little bit more than that. The CapEx on aircraft, as we've talked about even on the last call, it's about $5.5 billion this year from an aircraft perspective. And then going forward, for at least the next 5 years, it is in that range. What we've tried to guide to now is what we believe will be the net of financing versus cash going out the door, which is the $1.2 billion that we have in our net aircraft CapEx and PDPs. That can vary depending on what we want to do going forward and how we want to finance aircraft. Most of the financings are committed to in 2014, all the leases and the things are all committed to. So that's a pretty good number in 2014. For 2015 and beyond, it just depends on -- we'll try to guide to that as we move forward. But there's just decisions we'll have to make in 2015 and beyond on financing of aircraft and how we finance those planes as they come forward. 
Derek Kerr: Yes, it's really just a change in the way we're going to give guidance to better do the modeling. So we changed it to just CASM x fuel and special items. So it really is -- I think it's closer to -- it's right on, there's no real change in CASM guidance from a nonfuel cost perspective. It's just the way we're looking at it as x fuel and x special versus x fuel, x special and x profit-sharing. 
Derek Kerr: Well, it's something that we can do right now, and we could do, so we've done that. We're going to constantly look at the order book and look at what we have, but that's just something that we can do this point in time. Right now, we don't have any rights to do anything else. We're happy with the orders that are out there. But it's something that we're going to look at going forward as we look at whole capital structure of the -- as we look at whole airline. But as of right now, we don't plan on making any other changes to the order book. 
Michael Linenberg: Doug, just kind of going back to pretax versus operating, you sort of think about that volatility in the non-op area. And I guess you, to some extent, have been able to minimize that given your policy on hedging. Since the merger, I guess I'm asking, have you entered any new fuel hedges? And what are your thoughts on hedging on FX? I think American, historically, was a hedger in that area. Is that another area that you'll probably refrain from? Your thoughts on that> 
Michael Linenberg: Okay, great. And then just back to sort of talking about metrics to focus on, like pretax margin. As you think about going forward, you sort of look at what some of the other carriers have done. They've either picked a metric or sort of a philosophy to get everybody on the team sort of working with the same playbook. Is that something that American rolls out, an ROIC target benchmark, an EPS growth rate benchmark, anything along those lines? Thoughts on that would be helpful. 
Michael Linenberg: It's not a problem. I would say, look, the tax withholding buyback, I mean, look, that's just great evidence that you care a lot about the shareholders. 
