William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Scott. All right. We're going to turn over to questions. Before we do, I need to give what is now becoming standard request before the questions, which is I know many of you would like to ask about the speculation regarding US Airways and American. However, we continue to operate under a nondisclosure agreement, which precludes us from commenting on that situation. So please remember that the purpose of today's call is to discuss US Airways' operations and results, and I thank you in advance for limiting your questions to those topics. So operator, we are ready for questions.
William Douglas Parker: All right, well, thanks, Jamie. Look, we started -- several years ago, we started talking about all the things the industry needed starting with consolidation. Included on that list was management teams that care more about returns than market share. Included on that list was a better management that work better with labor. And I think all those things, we've made huge progress on. Also on that list, though, was a better understanding by the government of the importance of aviation and a national policy from a national aviation policy from the government, and that hasn't happened. And that's next on the list, and that's where the rest of the value, I think, is going to come from, Jamie, and where it needs to come from. We've got -- everything I've talked about so far is self-help, and the industry had to do a lot of this to get itself right, and I think we've made huge progress in that regard. But we're fighting our own government on a lot of issues, and taxation is high on the list, but there are other issues. Other international carriers don't fight the same battles we do, and we're -- well, the playing field's not particularly leveled. So the good news on that point, I think we're all unified as an industry in our view on that point, and I think we can make some headway there, but it -- that has not -- not only has it not gotten better, it's gotten worse since we started talking about this stuff for the last 7, 8 years. So we -- I think we've stemmed the tide a little bit in the last years. We haven't made much progress, and we need to start making progress in that regard.
William Douglas Parker: Right. Let me try and answer your question as best I can, which is we're really happy with today's announcement. I think it shows that US Airways and the city -- and not just US Airways, but all the airlines that serve the city are interested in working together with the city and the airport to make that airport as strong as it possibly can be. We're extremely happy with the leadership of Mayor Nutter and his team including Rina Cutler and Mark Gale who have done just a great job of working with us to get through all this. And what we signed today gets us to the next couple of years, and we'll have bigger decisions to make in the future. We all know that, but this gives us a time to work together, and study those and make sure that we're all on the same page. But we're really happy with where we are right now, and I believe the city is as well, and they deserve a lot of credit for getting this done.
William Douglas Parker: Yes, we can try, but they're not numbers we want to disclose because they're imperfect. But what we know is this running a good operations is -- running a bad is -- there's nothing more expensive than running a poor operation. So we work very hard to make sure that we run a reliable operation that helps somewhat with the cost, but it also is precisely what our customers want most is to be sure that they can get from point A to point B reliably. We do that better than anybody does, and we're proud of that. So we do it for those reasons. We know it has a positive financial impact both in revenues and in reduced cost, but not a number I can -- we can really quantify precisely. And the fuel hedging point is one that we've talked about in the past. I mean, look, it has certainly been the right decision for the last few years for us. Even in a rising fuel environment, we saved hundreds of millions of dollars versus others who have hedged, but that's less the point than our view that it's the right way. It's the right risk profile, and that indeed hedging -- the result could be by the way that not hedging in some point could hurt us, but it doesn't mean it's wrong either. We do not have to have hedged. The point is more about what's the right way to manage risk within an airline, and we just don't happen to believe that hedging programs -- that airlines can do that, and indeed that you're better off not hedging in terms of managing the risk profile they're on.
William Douglas Parker: I think they are focuses of US Airways that -- anyway, on the operating front, it is who we are. It's become a fiber -- it's part of the fiber, the being of US Airways, and to make sure we run a reliable network. We're not the only ones doing that by the way. We should note that our colleagues at Delta are doing as good or better job than us in several months, but we -- but it's important to them as well, but I think that's part and parcel of who we are and has been for quite some time to make sure we run a reliable airline, and yes, that's a strategic advantage. Fuel hedging, I would call, more tactical and something anyone can do. Those are just decisions people make in terms of mitigating risk, and we happen to like our decision on that point.
William Douglas Parker: I think we're done. Thank you, all, very, very much for your time. Thanks again for bearing with us on the constraints on the questions. And if you have any further questions, please contact either our Corporate Communications Department or our Investor Relations department. Thanks again. Bye.
Derek J. Kerr: From a cost perspective for the year, I think the -- we have -- on the negative side, aircraft maintenance is up a little bit. We're seeing a big decline on aircraft rent as we return aircraft and return them at lower rates. Salaries and benefits are pretty flat year-over-year. So we've got some productivity on the salary side and the benefit side. So it's really -- there's no real big huge negatives going on, and it's pretty flat. I think there's a lot of growth in the back half of the year. That's why you're seeing some of the higher numbers in the fourth quarter than the middle part of the year.
Derek J. Kerr: Yes, we're very happy with the slot swap. It's performing right on our expectations for $75 million year-over-year improvement or ongoing improvement in earnings. DCA is doing well, and we're avoiding the losses that we were generating at LaGuardia. So we're very happy with how the slot swap has developed thus far, and expect that to continue going forward.
Derek J. Kerr: Helane, and just one thing to clarify from a cost guidance perspective, it does not -- none of my cost guidance includes any new labor contracts. If the new labor contract is done and complete, we will update our cost guidance to affect that so everything Steve's doing not in the numbers, just so everybody is clear on that. The second thing, Helane, on the term loan, we have a term loan, as you said, becomes current in about 3 months by $1.1 billion. We have left on that term loan with some really good collateral behind it. We have been working with the banks to find the optimal solution for that. We also have other collateral that if you recall was part of the term loan that -- or some spare parts and engines and other things. So we are working today. We've been working over the last month to find the right time and the right transaction. So I believe you'll see us move forward pretty soon on a transaction to do that. And I think it's available, it's there today. I think the market is really strong. We're just trying to make sure we have the optimal collateral package when we go out, but we are -- we're prepared and ready to move in the near future on refinancing some of that, the term loan, that comes due in 2014.
Derek J. Kerr: It is seasonal, but it is, it's the credit card holdback. We have different tiers and levels of credit card holdback, and we have maintained a 10%. We used to be a 15% holdback, we're now at 10% holdback. That could change by the quarters and as things get better, we'll remain at the 10% and hopefully get down to 0%, but that's what it is. It's totally going from a 15% holdback with our MasterCard Visa to a 10% holdback.
Derek J. Kerr: The aircraft fall off, I think our aircraft rent is down year-over-year by something in the neighborhood of about $30 million because we have 21 aircraft that come off. So those will come off. We're renewing some aircraft at lower rates. So year-over-year, aircraft rent should be down by about that much. The last EETC we did was in the range of a little over right around 5% -- 4% to 5%, and that's the last transaction we did from a EETC perspective, and that was just done at the end of 2012.
Derek J. Kerr: Well, all I'm try to say is that our planning, just for planning purposes, since we have not obtained financing for those aircraft, that may not be the way that we finance those 6. But for planning purposes, when I do a budget, I have to have an assumption of how do I treat those in a budget. So I just wanted to let everybody know that they're treated that way, and they're in the CASM guidance. But we will come back probably within the next couple of quarters to firm out financing for that, and it could be financed a different way. So we don't have -- of the 23 deliveries this year, 17 of them are firmly financed. We have back -- we have financing for all of them. The other 6, they're not firm-financed. I do have backstop financing for all of those from Airbus, but I don't plan -- I hope to do them in a different way, and all I wanted to do is -- they're that way, planned that way, but they're not firmed up that way.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we are willing to take a lot of commercial risk and have a history of doing that. As far as leading some of the initiatives, I do think that we recognize that we're less likely to be matched, particularly by the network, the other network carriers if we lead an initiative, whether it's a fee initiative or a system-wide pricing increase than if it's led by someone else, and that's just been our history over the years. And so we will lead something that's tactical or specific to US Airways, but large structural changes, we're less likely to lead simply -- at least if they are going to have a market share effect. So new fees, for example, we're less likely to lead those structural changes because we're less likely to be matched than other carriers.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, certainly, if you look around, one, [indiscernible] that people have, and two, what things that other airlines are doing or three, things that airlines in the U.S. are doing that aren't being done internationally, it's pretty easy to identify a list of possibility.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, I think you're absolutely right. The industry's gotten much better at off demand. We've done that. One of the best place that the industry's done that is by varying capacity, much more variability in our capacity across the industry than there has been historically. At US Airways, we do something called a flux schedule that -- for, I think, last year, we did it on 104 days of the year. We add an extra bank in Phoenix. So we used the same assets that we have when we find extra bank. We do something similar during the off-peak and on Tuesdays and Wednesdays and Saturdays. It just depends on the time of the year. We canceled banks in both Charlotte and Phoenix, and so we use that to vary capacity during the first half of December. We can't -- we fly 8% fewer seats than we do in the second half of December. So we do that. The whole industry has gotten much better at varying capacity in a much more tactical manner. And as a result, you've seen our load factors go up to levels that 6, 7 years ago no one would have thought was possible. That's really not because the load factor's on the high -- on the peak flights. The 5:00 departure on Friday is the same load factor it was 5 or 6 years ago, but what you've done is prune out of the system a lot of the low load factor flying. And as you pruned it out, you've also increased the load factor on the remaining flights because you just reaccomodated those same customers. So that has happened, and I think you continue to see that going forward. I do think that there's a lot of opportunity still for the industry to improve demand on the peaks, but that's going to require some changes to how people price and yield manage. The reality is there's still an all for awful lot of junk fares out there in the market that tend to be ignored. And no matter what you think of your yield management system, if you've got a $99 fare in the market, some of it's going to find its way onto your aircraft. And even if none of it finds its way under your aircraft, if everyone in the industry has that $99 fare in place, some customers that would have flown, and you were going to fly on some other airline and pay $99. And so an industry that did a better job of keeping the fare structure clean and in place isn't a real opportunity, particularly on the peaks to get higher because a lot of that low-yield stuff winds up flying on peak flights anyway.
J. Scott Kirby: Sure. It's a continuation of a trend that's been going on for a couple of years at US Airways with an increasing focus on corporate, a sales team that's doing a great job, an operation that runs great, knowing who we are and knowing who we can go after and what corporate accounts we can go after and what works for us. Domestic was up almost 9%. International was up more. It was up 13%. That continues the trend, though, of growth that we've had, particularly in corporate travel from new accounts out of Europe. We really think growth across the portfolio technology was our strongest in the fourth quarter. Services was second. But we've really seen growth across the portfolio. And really, I think it's about execution and focusing on the corporate accounts where we have either a strategic advantage or a tactical niche that we can fit for those corporations and playing to our strength, and we had double-digit growth for the full year. So there's nothing new that happened in the fourth quarter. It's just continuing to do what we've been doing for the last couple of years.
J. Scott Kirby: My guess is that the load factors are going to be up 2 to 2.5 points in January and February, and up probably 0 to 1 for March. There's a lot of variability in those numbers, but right now, that's what I would guess.
J. Scott Kirby: Okay, the usairways.com continues to grow, and that share is coming almost exclusively from online travel agencies. It's up to almost 30% of our revenue. That's grown in the last, I think, 3 years from 25% -- 24%, just under 30%. And OTAs have been reduced by almost exactly the same amount. That's a function of more functionality on the website, easy to use website. It's certainly the preferred destination for our frequent and best customers because they know it and use it. It's also, I think, this migration from OTAs, to not only US Airways, but other airlines' direct website. I think it's a function of the fact that we have things like Choice Seats available on our website, and the OTAs haven't invested in the technology to be able to sell that, and customers care about that and are moving because they care about that. For what it's worth, we're happy to let the OTA sell that, and would like to have them sell products like that, but they've got to make the investment and have the willingness to do it. And I think, eventually, that is going to happen, but we've seen a big improvement in direct distribution, which is also from the cost side. As to Google Flight, it's very small for now, and so we'll continue to watch it, but no real commentary on it because it's a very -- it's pretty small right now.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, I think it's the latter. As we -- because of the way we're growing, instead of adding new shells, we're up-gauging the aircraft. It does put some pressure on PRASM, but you see a much larger benefit in CASM. And you look at our results for 2012 and I think you'll see the same thing in 2013 that we are leading the industry in terms of margin improvement. And in 2012, despite the fact that we had capacity growing through larger gauge faster than the industry, we were, I think, behind only Delta in terms of year-over-year RASM. So even with the challenge of greater capacity growth, we managed to have strong relative RASM performance and really strong relative CASM ex fuel discipline, leading to the best improvements in margins. So I think that's a formula that worked in 2012 and it's the same formula in 2013.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we've got a lot of time to see how demand develops. And earlier, I talked about our ability to be flexible on capacity. And so, yes, there's certainly opportunity in the fourth quarter to pull that capacity number back by not buying as much in off-peak periods at the moment. We feel good about -- a lot of it is driven by a combination of higher completion factor, which you pointed out and also gauge. But this year, I don't remember for sure how our guidance developed, but I know that we pulled capacity for the fourth quarter as we got close to it because the demand environment is still strong enough. So we will certainly have the ability to do that again this year. So, for example, in our guidance, we got -- this year, we tactically reduced capacity on days, of week to Europe in a few markets, and that led to capacity being down in Europe. In our business plan, we don't have that happening, but we certainly -- if we get end of the year and either demand is weak or fuel prices are higher or anything else, those are the kind of things -- those are the kind of triggers we can pull to have lower capacity in the fourth quarter.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we said that in 2006 and '07, and we have continued to grow internationally, and that growth has done well. For us, international is probably slightly higher margin, but domestic is profitable for us. I think we have the best domestic network, certainly, of the network carriers, and I'm confident that our domestic profitability is the best. We have some great hubs, and we do well domestically. It does lead to an opportunity for international growth for us going forward. I think to your point about is domestic getting better for the industry, domestic, I think, has improved for the industry overall. We started from a higher base and so have improved it at a similar rate. We still have a strongly profitable domestic system, but I think the whole industry has improved. There's been more capacity discipline domestically than there has ever been internationally, and it's much more rational. So I think there's more upside to it because it still, I believe, loses money for at least some of our network competitors. And someday, I think it will be profitable for everyone.
J. Scott Kirby: I think domestic has more upside if you just look at the competitive dynamics with low-cost carrier cost coming closer in line with the network carriers, the focus of all the domestic carriers, not just the network carriers, but all the domestic carriers on returns, something that's not always true with our international competitors. I think you'll see more capacity discipline and more rationale in the domestic industry. So I'd bet my chips on the domestic improving faster than international on improvement.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, you see us already adding more -- they're not regional jets, but Embraer 190s, 100-seat aircraft. So that's a trend that's happening across the industry and one that makes sense, and that I think we believe will continue going forward. That said, you can also imagine an environment where everyone is trying to get large regional jets and as a result, 50-seat lift becomes -- or that large regional lift becomes expensive and 50-seat regional lift becomes inexpensive, in which case you just go where the economics are. So we're agnostic about whether we have 50 or larger regional jets, 50-seater or larger regional jets. It's all about the economics. And today, the economics of large regional jets are better, but 5 years from now, that might be different.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we saw improvement in the fourth quarter, and I think we are starting to see improvement. Airlines, in particular, are the marginal capacity in the cargo business. So a little bit of improvement in the cargo business leads to a lot of improvement at passenger airlines, and a little bit of downturn leads to a lot of decline. So if the economies in Europe and you ask which -- at least, for us, most of the cargo revenue is driven by Europe, the trade between Europe and U.S. And if those economies do well, you can see big improvements there.
J. Scott Kirby: I think this is the kind of question that the General Counsel won't let me answer if -- sitting in the room with you.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, it's the same stuff that we historically have seen in the industry. Just a lot of it is the way people manage fares, and it's complicated. We file tens of thousands of fares and stuff falls through the cracks. I think it's mostly about execution and airlines unintentionally keeping low fares in the market that they don't even know were there.
J. Scott Kirby: I think if you just roll through the guidance that we put out today, all the analysts will come out with reports soon, but if you just roll through that guidance, it leads to financials that are better than 2012, and 2012 was already a record.
Robert D. Isom: So in terms of the improvements being made, one of the most notable is the opening of the international recheck and international customs hall. That's been a big deal for us, and has really helped with alleviating crowds and improving our ability to connect passengers in getting them to where they need to go. That was a project that has been under works for the last couple of years in partnership with Jerry Orr. We're really pleased with that. As far as some of the other things that you might see coming up, in partnership with the airline and the airport authority, we've got a project going on right now to equip all of our gates with a new product called Safegate, which will help us with marshaling our aircraft in, and ensuring that our aircraft are clear to approach gates. That's a big improvement. We're really pleased with that, and that's going very quickly. And overall, one of the big issues that we've been working with the airport on as well is ensuring that we have the power and air resources at the gate to make sure that our aircraft can be as environmentally friendly as possible, and we'd like to compliment again Jerry and Duke Power for putting us in a position, where later this summer, we'll have new power and air capabilities at a number of our gates, and that really should facilitate as we look forward to the summer. So you can just tell by some of these projects the amount of work that's going on and the partnership, and it really is work that helps us as an airline be as efficient as we can. And I think it creates a really nice traveling experience for our customers.
Robert D. Isom: We're just -- on that, again, we work cooperatively with Jerry. And as we take a look at our needs going out to the future, I think we're very pleased with the runway that was opened up just 2 years ago. And we're making great use of it. And should demand require it, we would absolutely work with Jerry and the airport authority on what needs might be.
Robert D. Isom: Ted, right now for our aircraft, it really helps in inclement weather. And our fleet plan is fairly well set with our -- on the widebody side. So for right now, it helps with congestion, and one of the good points about the runway extension is it also offers us new taxi capability. And that, I think, will help us be able to move around the airport quite a bit better and you know that congestion issues in Philly on the ground, not only the extension of the runway, but the new on and off taxi ways will help considerably.
