Scott Kirby: Thanks, Derek, and I’d like to start by thanking all the people of American Airlines for the great job they continue to do operationally during the fourth quarter and again today as we’re dealing with the winter storm in the Northeast. On the revenue front, our fourth quarter PRASM was down 1%, which was worse than our original forecast for flat to up 2%. We can’t really point to single event that causes to miss the forecast other than to say if there is a lot of change going on in our network, both from us doing things like increasing density on existing aircraft and from our competitors who have large competitive capacity growth in many AA markets during the fourth quarter. In particular, there was significant capacity growth in some of our markets during the fourth quarter. We got new non-stop city pair competition in 50 new markets and 44 of those new entrants were low-cost carriers. While there are always competitive capacity changes, that’s an unusually high and concentrated number of new starts that in hindsight we didn’t accurately forecast. Despite the growth in new domestic competitive capacity, however our domestic PRASM was still up 4%. We continue to do well across the Pacific with a 1% decline in PRASM despite 23% ASM growth. Our Atlantic PRASM was down 2% as industry capacity growth still exceeded demand in fourth quarter. And of course Latin America remained the most challenging region for us with RASM down 11%, though excluding Venezuela Latin RASM would have been down only 2%. We’re still making solid progress on our integration efforts and are pleased with the progress thus far. Some of the recent integration highlights that are included as Doug said, reaching a final joint collective bargaining agreement with our flight attendants, reaching a tentative JCBA with our pilots. We completed the eight of nine revision cycles on our way to achieving a single operating certificate, which we expect to complete in the first half of this year. We completed additional airport collocations that are now combined in 75% of the airports where we have joint operations; launched Match My Account to help our customers combine their AAdvantage and Dividend Miles account in preparation for converting to a single frequent-flyer program in the first half of this year. We completed the reconfiguration of 221 737 800s moving them from 150 to 160 seats. We moved to single revenue accounting system in fourth quarter and we also continued to be excited about our progress with wining important corporate accounts. We continue to see significant strength in New York from combining the two networks, and that helped us generate double-digit PRASM increases again in New York in the fourth quarter. We know that 2015 is a big year for integration, but consistent with what we’ve said previously, all the work we’re doing leaves us confident that we’ll be able to meet or exceed our prior synergy guidance. Turning to the outlook, going forward, we continue to feel good about the demand environment, though there are some specific headwinds. With the possible exception of South America, demand remains good, though PRASM is being pressured in a number of markets where capacity is growing faster than demand. Higher year-over-year completion factor will be an earnings positive that will negatively impact PRASM, and we expect currency headwinds in all international regions from the strengthening dollar. As I said earlier, we saw some large competitive capacity growth in the AA markets during the fourth quarter. In the first quarter, we have new competition in five more markets, but we’ll still feel the impact of the 50 new markets that started in the fourth quarter. Internationally, AA has reduced capacity by 8% across the Atlantic and by 7% to Latin America. The total industry growth is still high in all international regions. Given the capacity issues, we expect Q1 PRASM to be down in all regions except for the Atlantic, where we expect modest PRASM growth on the back of our capacity clutch. Including all of the effects described above, we expect system PRASM to be down 2% to 4% in the first quarter. As we move forward, the comps, particularly the international comps get easier in the third and fourth quarter as we overlap the Venezuela situation and the challenges in Brazil and Argentina. And of course we expect to begin realizing the benefits of rebanking Dallas and Chicago in the second quarter, and to be able to realize the bulk of the revenue synergies once we move to a single reservation system in the fourth quarter. In conclusion, we’re very encouraged with the operating and integration results at American Airlines. And while there are some near-term capacity headwinds, the demand environment remains strong, and we’re positive about long-term demand trends. With that, Doug.
Scott Kirby: Yes. I think Bill what you maybe referring to is commentary we’ve said where we talked about a natural hedge between a demand-driven decline in oil prices and our revenues. So the world economy got weak. That would lead - or the U.S. economy got weak that would lead to lower oil prices. The difference now is this is a supply-driven decline in demand, we always have and always intend to, price to demand as opposed to cost, but this decline in oil prices is supply-driven event as opposed to a demand-driven event. And because of that, you see a disconnect between that oil and that airline revenue relationship that existed when it was - when the oil prices was being driven by demand.
Scott Kirby: Well, I mean we have a pretty fair amount because we’re retiring aircrafts and we can just accelerate those retirements. We actually accelerated some of those retirements in 2015, but we’ve got a couple of hundred aircraft that are scheduled to be retired over the next few years. We could always accelerate that if we want. Though obviously with our current outlook we don’t have any plans to change that. We continue to look at demand - or continue to look at the environment and work on our capacity. And you can see that even as we came into this year just as we fine-tune the schedule, we lowered capacity by half a point. There is nothing systematic about that. That’s just fine-tuning and going through market-by-market and allocating capacity. But we have flexibility though, obviously if the environment stays like it is today and like we like we expect it to be, we don’t intend to reduce beyond where we are right now.
Scott Kirby: I don’t know that we always try to improve our forecasting process and we always try to give you guys a 50/50 forecast. I think it is fair in the fourth quarter. I think the biggest thing we probably messed was the impact of 50 new routes starting up. And while we knew that those - we could have known that those routes were starting up, we don’t really built that into our normal forecasting process just because it’s unusual. And so we think we’ve given you the best forecast we can, or you know we’ve given you the best forecast we can. We think it’s the right forecast. There is more volatility in our process right now than there will be at steady state, because we just have a lot of change going on. There is some of that that’s between two different systems, but also we just have enough change going on that our volatility is higher than it will, than it would normally be or than it will be once we’ve settled out and once we’ve merged everything and are in more of a steady state performance, but we gave you the best forecast we could for the fourth quarter and we turned out to missed it. We’ve given you the best forecast we can for this quarter and we’ll continue to update you every month as we get better.
Scott Kirby: Well, there is always a risk to it. We feel pretty good about that forecast. The U.K. remains relatively strong, which is where we have the bulk of our capacity. And we cut capacity a lot. So while we said PRASM is going to be up, that’s on the back of 7%, 8% - I think it’s 8% across the Atlantic production in capacity. So PRASM is going to be up based on that. So we think that’s what will happen, but obviously we can’t know for sure until we get through the quarter.
Scott Kirby: Yes. So these numbers won’t be exact, but Europe is about 50/50 point of sale, China is more U.S. point of sale and Latin America very - deep South America which is where the challenges are is majority Brazil, Argentina, 70% plus of the revenue is being sold in South America. The Caribbean and Mexico is mostly U.S., particularly the Caribbean. So, as you think about foreign exchange risk, I’ll just give you some numbers. If you just took our mix of sales around the world from the fourth quarter. For those countries where we sell in euros or in foreign currencies, that would - if we just kept the same mix of revenue and nothing else changed, that would be 0.7 percentage point decline in system PRASM, which is baked into our forecast, but that’s what it would - that’s the impact. That doesn’t include the impact of a place like Brazil, where we sell tickets in dollars. And while we sell them in dollars, a 25% depreciation in the Brazilian currency is obviously going to have an elasticity effect. It also doesn’t include that if you’re American it’s not cheaper to go to Europe for vacation. And so there is some offsets, but I think the currency impact is probably something a little less than 1% on PRASM. We have that offsetting CASM help - we do have some expenses in foreign currencies and obviously the impact on oil prices is even bigger. So while it’s a negative in the PRASM, it’s probably an earnings positive to have a strong dollar when you consider all the effects.
Scott Kirby: Well, Venezuela is two points at system level. So that’s a huge tailwind. And that’s by far the biggest impact in the third and fourth quarter. But we also look at Brazil for example, which the deterioration started in the third quarter - the Brazil and Argentina are two largest Latin geographies, where the deterioration started last year really in the third and fourth quarters. And we anticipate improvement on a year-over-year basis as we get there, particularly as we started to pull capacity out and we’ll continue to do that as we go through the year. So my commentary on the third and fourth quarter getting easier is more focused on Latin America than it is either Asia or Pacific, but particularly for the fourth quarter, we’ll also start to have a tailwind across the whole system. Once we get to the single reservation system that will unlock a lot of the synergies that we can’t realize until we’re onto a single reservation system. That’s more across the whole system, but the commentary about the international is more focused on South America.
Scott Kirby: I don’t know for the whole system, but for corporate accounts that we would know that those are energy-related companies I believe is less than 1%. It’s bigger than that, because there are lot of people that aren’t on corporate accounts that are involved in the energy business that are flying on us or people that work for energy companies that go on vacation. So I don’t know what the overall impact on our revenue and demand will be though. Clearly, that’s a trade-off that we’re happy to make to have lower energy prices in exchange for a little loss of demand from that segment of our traveler base.
Scott Kirby: So the easier way to think about that, the bigger capacity impact I think is the 737s having 10 more seats on them. It’s a more straight forward analysis. And that’s we had 221 737s that got 10 more seats on them in the fourth quarter. And so all of the extra seats would be flying in the third quarter. We think that those seats will come in at about 65% of the average PRASM. So the marginal PRASM will be about 65%, which means that at a system level, effects PRASM by about 0.4 points. It’s P&L positive because our marginal CASM on those extra seats is a lot less than 65%. So it’s P&L positive, but it is about 0.4 percentage point drag on system PRASM.
Scott Kirby: I think it’s probably too early to say. We at American have taken a lot of steps to try to improve yield and we spent a lot of time focusing on - we spent more time actually focusing on looking at the yield environments as opposed to load factor, because you can always keep the load factor up by lowering prices. And so there are a number of efforts underway. We have opportunity to increase the load factor, but we wanted to find ways to increase the load factor without negatively impacting those yield numbers, but I wouldn’t interpret it as some inflection point. It’s just a continued evolution of the market and the demand environment.
Scott Kirby: I think we feel pretty good about how far we’ve gone. And of all the carriers we track, we’re the only ones that have cut capacity. And so I think we’re probably - at least our plan is we’re done in cutting.
Scott Kirby: So we get questions like that a lot. I’ll note that I first started getting those questions first time when oil declined from $115 to $103. So you get it lot every decline. Look, you still have the same challenges with the deciding that you want to speculate on oil prices. And one, you’ve got to - you can’t buy oil at today’s prices far out into the future. The market is in pretty steep contango, so it’s hard thing to go do. And the only rationale for putting a position on systematic hedging we’ve talked about on calls like this just doesn’t make sense is to put a big position on. And you’re buying at a really steep contango. You got really high expenses, and somehow you’ve got to convince yourself that you know better than all the professionals in the oil market here out trading in the market. So that’s a really hard hurdle for us to overcome. It doesn’t mean we never will, but we haven’t done anything yet. And all the rationale that we’ve had for not hedging in the past still exists today. Oil prices are lower, so the downside of hedging is less. If you’re wrong, you’re going to lose less money than if you hedge when oil was $115 a barrel. But the theoretical rationale for not hedging really hasn’t changed. It’s just that the downside has gotten less.
Scott Kirby: And on the revenue front, I think the simple explanation is more competitive capacity in our markets, 50 markets, some of those are across the Atlantic, Dallas and Washington National are the two largest, those are well known, but there is also been pretty significant growth from Frontier in Philadelphia and to some degree Chicago. So I think we just have more markets that are now have LCC pricing in them and that really ramped up and started in the fourth quarter and ramps up even more into the first quarter.
Scott Kirby: It’s same issue. There is - you got more capacity, some of the new markets are out of the U.K. Virgin and Delta and reorient and fly more out of Heathrow.
Scott Kirby: I would say from a cost perspective, most of the synergies - I would say 75% of the synergy is already built-in. So the increase is due to labor offset by some of the synergies that we talked about on the sale side and those are - there are other areas that we will see as synergies going into 2016 after integration, which are some areas - and examples are the maintenance area today and the IT area today are all, we have not had any synergies in either one of those areas from a people perspective, but we may see some of those as we go forward. And as we retire systems down the road, we will continue to see some synergies in those areas. So I would say about from a cost perspective, 75% of those synergies are built-in already into the forecast through 2015 and there is about 25% more to come. And then on the revenue side, I think we might be at about 50% now with more to come in 2016 and ‘17.
Scott Kirby: So some of what you’re seeing is improvement in the frequent flyer and in the deals we negotiate. That’s a lot of it. A lot of it is harmonizing policies. So for example, we have bag fees on the American Airlines network in Mexico now when we did in last year. So those items won’t continue to have the same kind of growth as we overlap when those events happened, and there is about bunch of those things. The biggest one is the frequent flyer program, which will already be overlapping in the first quarter, but a lot of those rolled out Mexico bags and other things rolled out throughout the year. So there will be some of that. More of the upside now will be driven from new initiatives and new programs. We have a lot going on with choice seats for example in how we’re selling seats on the airplane. And so those will continue to grow, but we had a step function increase up from the merger as you just consolidated and realize synergies from that. And those mostly are already in the books. And going forward, it will just be kind of core improvement that aren’t synergies but that are just things that apply to whole airline.
Scott Kirby: Sure. When we enter a new city in Asia, it typically takes longer to spool-up. Some of that is because we’re smaller there. And particularly when you enter a completely new city like we went into Seoul, Korea. When we’re going to start flying Dallas, Beijing the spool-up will be shorter, because we already fly to Beijing. That’s why the spool-up is shorter, but we typically think of an Asian route as taking a couple of years to spool-up. And in 2014, some of those new routes weren’t profitable at the time, though they were executing our forecasts and we felt actually really good about the start-ups that we had in 2014. If we look that today, I don’t have a specific forecast that goes route-by-route, but I’m pretty sure that with fuel prices where they are today, we’d expect all of our - even our Asian route to be profitable in 2015, but we felt really good about how all the routes have started. You’re right, they take a longer time to spool-up than other routes, but we felt really good. And you can look at our numbers. Asia is the one area that we’ve been outperforming the industry by a pretty wide margin for the past, for the full year last year. And so we’re making good progress. Some of that is because we started from a lower base and so we have more room to make progress, but we are making good progress and feel good about the trajectory that we’re on.
Scott Kirby: No. We are probably at the end of the new Dallas route, but we’ll still be looking and pursuing opportunities probably particularly out of Los Angeles.
Scott Kirby: There is not - okay. Yes, there is 15 markets and they are concentrated in, I’ve said those four cities. I think probably the other place that there is some significant growth is South Florida.
Scott Kirby: We’re competing aggressively. We have a great product. We have great people at the airline. We have a great frequent flyer program. We are matching the fares with our low-cost competitors and we’re competing aggressively.
Scott Kirby: I don’t know, is the short answer. We haven’t really seen a change. It’s about what we expected when you have that much new capacity in markets. It’s going to put pressure on price. That’s just Econ 101 with supply curve moves that much it lowers the price. And it’s about what we expected. I haven’t really - we haven’t noticed any change one way or another in the recent past.
Scott Kirby: Dawn, I’m not sure I understand the question. Just in terms of Super Bowl preparations, I got to tell you that it’s an event that we’ve been working on for the last year. And so everything from preparing for really the biggest day in history of departures, the Monday following, we’re going to have remote check-in sites at a number of different places for passengers and also ability for passengers to check baggage. We’re going to make sure that we’ve got staffing that is beyond holiday and peak levels. And we think we’re as prepared as we can possibly be. In terms of flight cancellations and things like that, we run a really high completion factor so we don’t anticipate that that’s going to be an issue, especially out of Sky Harbor. And in terms of re-accommodations, the great news is that the Sky Harbor and the American Airlines is now connects to the biggest airline network in the world. And so if there are any disruptions or issues, we have many ways to get passengers out and back on their way.
Scott Kirby: Dawn, we take a look at that kind of stuff, but right now we’re anticipating that we’re through the mess by the 28th and back to normal.
Scott Kirby: So we already - we currently fly 20 times a week with the charter program to Cuba. We obviously with the hub in Miami in particular, will serve Cuba on a scheduled flight basis when it’s allowed. We don’t have anything to announce today, but we will be anxious to start serving Cuba as soon as it’s legally allowed.
Scott Kirby: Well, it’s really important. Haneda is the preferred airport for customers flying to and from Tokyo. It’s the number one destination at Tokyo and Japan, this is the number one destination for us and it’s the preferred airport. And it’s important for us to get in there. It’s also important for our customers and that’s a valuable asset, a slot at the premier airport in Japan and to have it be used 10% of the time that it could be used, which is what Delta has used it is an inefficient use of that, scarce resource, and we will put it to much better use.
Scott Kirby: The 787 and then the A350, when we get those two open up a new set of markets to us and a new set of economics. In the near-term, it’s not going to have any change in Charlotte.
Scott Kirby: We don’t have anything to announce yet. It’s going to be a while before it starts flying commercially. It’s doing improving runs and then initial training runs with pilots and so it’s always before starts flying. When it does start flying, it’s going to initially fly domestically anyway to break the airplane in. So no announcement yet on the permanent international route that it will fly.
Doug Parker: I’ll let Scott chime in behind me with more detail, but to be clear, I don’t think we ever said Bill, it doesn’t make any sense to hedge because pricing follows cost. Indeed what we said was for a number of reasons, not the least of which is the cost of hedging, but also the fact that it doesn’t de-risk the firm, we didn’t think it made sense to hedge. Events like we’ve seen lately, large drops in fuel prices are really costly to companies that have locked in prices. And this time it happened to occur not because of a decline in the economy but they often times do, which gets you actually a more risky situation than others, but again if I said that Bill, that I’d like to go back and clarify because the fact of the matter is if we felt that our prices were always tied to fuel prices, we wouldn’t have been working at airlines that were losing billions of dollars when fuel prices went up and we couldn’t raise prices. What we believe is that, pricing is tied to demand, and that demand, as Scott said, remains strong and that’s what we should base our pricing on, not based on our cost structure. Scott, why don’t you…
Doug Parker: Okay, let me try this. Let’s see if this helps. We look to use our cash as follows. First, ensure that we have enough cash on hand to withstand any sort of unforeseen outcome, and more so than our other large competitors at this point in time given what we’re going through, which is integration. So we look first to ensure that we have more than ample cash on hand. And then for cash - as for the uses of cash, that we have an excess so that we look to first invest in the business. We’re doing that, and I think both in terms of the integration, as well as things like the $2 billion and customer improvements we talked about. And then having done that - and then look to reduce any high cost debt, we’ve done virtually all of that. I mean, Derek can tell you if there is more comment, but so far we are at the point now where we’ve paid down everything that we could have at least that’s above our cost of capital. And now we look to going forward, do you actually as you have airplanes coming in, do you go and actually pay cash for those, or do you finance them? And the reality is, at least in the current environment, it’s definitely in our shareholders’ best interest for us to at least go and invest some large percentage of the cost of those airplanes because you can do so at investment grade rates below 4%. And we obviously believe we can use that cash better and get higher returns on that. So long way me saying, you get through all that, and I think the math you were going through, you end up with still cash left over if indeed we continue to produce earnings like we have in ‘14 like we’re looking for ‘15. And that cash is yours and our job is to make sure we get it back to you as efficiently as possible. And we will continue to try to do that. I don’t - frequently the biggest conversations we have is, what the most efficient way of doing that is? And what we certainly saw - now getting to your question. What we certainly believed as we were headed through the fourth quarter of 2014 was that our stock was undervalued, and we therefore thought it was in the best interest of our shareholders to use that excess cash to repurchase shares and we did that.
Doug Parker: And before the next question operator, the question about Dallas gives me the opportunity to correct something I said earlier. In my unscripted remarks, I said to Dallas-based airlines performed at the top of the industry. We of course are based in Fort Worth here at American. So I should have said Dallas/Fort Worth-based airline and I apologize to Mayor Price and all of our friends in Fort Worth who remind me all the time. We are proud to be here at Fort Worth. So anyway, Dallas/Fort Worth-based airlines and Scott’s comments were about Dallas/Fort Worth-based pricing. All right, next.
Doug Parker: Yes. We’re not basically far long at all, Terry. We again haven’t even made the decision that’s something we want to do. We’re studying the possibility as to what might be available, but we have an perfectly acceptable facility that we’re working in today. To the extent there is something that makes more sense we’ll - we want to at least look to see if that makes sense and that’s where we are. We are in the studying phase, certainly not in the announcement phase.
Doug Parker: We’re not trying to ask our customers to be happy with anything. We think - indeed what our job is to go make sure we’re giving the best product we possibly can to our customers. We, in some areas, I think all airlines had underinvested through very difficult times, and we are using the profits we’re producing to invest in product that matters our customers. Most notably lie-flat seats, international Wi-Fi, improving the Admirals Clubs, improving the airport check-in experience, things that are really important to our customers, all of which take a lot of capital because we’re profitable we can do it now and things that airlines couldn’t do in the past. So that’s our first priority is ensuring we have a product that meets the standards of our customers, which are very high at American Airlines. And we have a little bit of catch-up to do. We’re doing that - we believe we will be leapfrogging our competitors shortly. And not to mention all the new aircrafts we’re bringing in to retire older airplanes. You put it all together and we are on our way to having a product that we believe will be as good or better as anyone in the sky and that’s our objective. So anyways - and pricing simply goes with demand as we keep saying. So when demand is strong, you see price move accordingly. When demand drops, you see pricing move accordingly.
Doug Parker: Well, thank you all very much. Just in closing again, we couldn’t be happy with the results and the outlook as if we hit those margin numbers that Derek suggested, we believe those will be leading amongst our large competitive peer group since we’re the largest airline in the world, we have higher margins. That means we’re the most profitable, which was one of our objectives. So we still have to go produce that, but it appears that we’re on our way and we’re excited about that and mostly excited about the great job our team has done. So thank you all very much for your interest, and look forward to continuing to produce record results as we move forward. Thank you.
Derek Kerr: No, I think the $800 million is in ‘15. So we have two items in ‘15. One is going to happen in the first quarter and one will happen in the third quarter that are prepayment of debt. And then there is one in ‘16. But other than that, we have actually cleaned up everything and paid off everything as Doug said below - or above our cost to debt which is in just over 6% range. All of that has been paid off that we can. So there is not much other than the $815 million and then there is one item in ‘16. Other than that, it will be general just aircraft debt pay offs.
Derek Kerr: Two things. One, the NOLs are still right around $10 billion. So that will not much change from the end. We haven’t used any of that yet. So we’re still at about $10 billion and then val allowance is at about $4.6 billion. The run rate on the Venezuela, I mean that’s just what happened in this quarter. We are going to - we’re using up some of them each quarter as we move forward. We did get some return to us during the quarter and we got it returned at - we had the 2012 on it 4.3%, and we got it returned at 6.3%. So we actually wrote a little bit of that off as you can see in the charge. So we got about $20 million back. We wrote off about $30 million of it. So that makes up to $65 million. So I wouldn’t - there is no real run rate on it. It’s just going to be as it is and as it comes back to us as we get things returned from Venezuela.
Derek Kerr: Okay. On the cost side, we’re seeing some of the synergies already come in. So the selling expenses are down a good point, even the other expenses are down. Landing fees and aircraft rents are pretty flat. So really the increases on the year for the quarter are salaries and benefits as we talked about, maintenance and depreciation are the other two increases during the quarter. But for the full-year, we’re going to see salaries and benefits up, but we do see selling expenses and maintenance decreasing year-over-year, primarily due to fewer engine overhaul. So those are the primary areas from a full-year perspective. Just the difference in the first quarter is just the maintenance timing is negative in the first quarter, but for a full-year, it’s almost half a point better as are the selling expenses as you get through the year. So those are the two biggies that offset the salaries and benefits and the depreciation increases.
Derek Kerr: Sure. So I don’t think there has been any real change in the pricing environment in Dallas. Rebanking will help - I’ll take one step back. What has happened in those Dallas market is there has been a decline in the local yields as prices have come down. Our local volumes have actually stayed about the same. So the load factor contribution from local traffic has stayed about the same. But we’ve managed to improve the connecting RASM to counteract some of the decline in loss of the local RASM. So rebanking will help with that, because we’ll have even more connecting opportunities in those markets. So rebanking will help. It will just help of course - of course it will just help the markets that have new competition from Love Field will help all the markets, but it will help all those markets in Dallas on March 29th when we get it rebanked.
Derek Kerr: Well, it was 2 points in the fourth quarter and it’s only about 0.5 point in the first and second quarter of this year. And then it’s essentially nothing in the third and fourth quarter.
Derek Kerr: Yes, Dawn, I think we’re still in planning mode and we’ve got - we will have thousands of customers to try to get to their destination both to Phoenix and to everywhere. And it’s too early for us to tell what’s going to happen from the schedule for the next week [indiscernible] those customers.
