William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Scott. All right, before we get to questions, just one thing before we turn it over to the operator for questions. I know everyone is interested somewhat in the merger and the litigation that's underway between the Department of Justice over the merger. What we will know is the teams from both US Airways and American continue to work extremely well together and are working really hard and well on integration planning, and we're excited about that. But today's call, of course, is about our third quarter earnings, and we're not going to be addressing questions related to the integration or the litigation. So we would ask you to keep your questions on the topic at hand and appreciate your understanding in that regard. So with that said, operator, we are ready for questions.
William Douglas Parker: Yes. Maybe it wasn't the way you asked, maybe it was the way I answered. But at any rate, Jamie, the answer is this. We have public filings with projections for the company, and we haven't made any revisions to those projections.
William Douglas Parker: This is Doug. And I would just add, by no means are we inconsistent with what you've described others as saying about getting cash to shareholders. Indeed, what Scott just described in terms of our growth is growth that's in line with demand and demand growth and efficient growth that will just allow us to generate more cash. This is not a situation we're saying now we're going to -- we're choosing to invest our cash in growth and, therefore, not return it to shareholders. To the contrary, this is growth which will drive you more cash. And we have been, for the longest time and will continue to be, the -- as aggressive as anyone of being sure that we're generating cash and returning to shareholders when we can and doing this for shareholders. I mean, the reality is as to our current cash position, in which we are planning to get this merger done and when we do, my guess is between the 2 combined companies, one of the first things on the new board's agenda is going to be deciding what's the best use of the significant cash. It'll be on hand at the combined company.
William Douglas Parker: Yes. And, Ely, this is Doug. But on both those answers, Scott's talked about growth in Charlotte and Robert's talked about the great relationship, any else we have there. All that's due to Jerry. Jerry Orr has just been a phenomenal airport director, and that city owes him dearly, and hopefully, people recognize that. So we're staying out of the politics. But politics aside, Jerry Orr has done an amazing job, and we'd like to see him back in there.
William Douglas Parker: Linda, again, we're trying to stay out of this, talking about the litigation and stuff. So we were very pleased to see the letter of support and think it's indicative of what people around the United States think about this merger and how it should go forward. So we certainly appreciate the letter of support, and you'd have to ask the Department of Justice as to whether it affects them or not.
William Douglas Parker: Okay, that's all. And look, just a follow-on, I guess, is this -- the last question was also going to be about the prior question before about this -- the results. Scott answered it well. But it's also worth, I think, putting some perspective on this industry and where we are when you think about these earnings. As excited as we are, but the reality is, within the same press release, we talked -- one of our accomplishments of late is that the company's credit rating was raised one notch from B- to single B. While we're happy to see a credit-rating increase, a single B company's 5 -- still need 5 upgrades to get to investment grade. So this is -- as well as we're doing, we still have a company that is nowhere near investment grade, nowhere near where other companies that merge on their businesses are and one that -- we know the merger is good for competition, but also, I just want to make sure everybody understands that what we're really talking about here is merging a single B credit with a bankrupt credit. So with that said, we are adjourned, and thank you, all, very much for your time. If you have any questions, contact Corporate Communications or Investor Relations. Thanks a lot.
J. Scott Kirby: We know US Airways have been on a trajectory for several years on a standalone basis where we're focusing on corporate travel and a niche, and we've been successful within our niche. Some of that's included things like growth in corporate accounts in Europe, a market we really didn't much participate in 7 or 8 years ago. Corporate point of sale from Europe in this quarter, in fact, grew 22%. So we continue to do well, but we recognize that there's a large set of corporate accounts for whom we can't really meet their needs because we don't have a ubiquitous network. And we see that, particularly, where Delta effectively competes with us in New York on the shuttle markets as an example. So we're -- we are playing to our strength and doing a very good job. Our sales team has done a great job. Our corporate sales growth has been -- like Delta, it has been strong, and it has been by playing to our strengths, but weak knowledge, on a standalone basis. And we'll continue to play to our strengths, but that there's a whole set of customers wherein we can't offer the product that they're looking for which is ubiquitous.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I said we thought it would be between 4% and 5% on RASM, and then it would be -- it was down to 1%. So I guess it's 3.5%. I don't know what our October revenues are $1.1 billion or $2 billion, so 3.5% of that.
J. Scott Kirby: I think that our Star Alliance partners have been fantastic throughout this process, first, in dealing with -- for a year or a while, there was a rumor of a deal, and it continued to be good partners and working with us and making investments and systems to move the partnerships we have with them forward. That has continued. There've been a lot of uncertainty for them and for our potential new oneworld partners, and everyone has worked really well. So I don't think that there's been anything related to the noise around the merger or not that's impacted Star, and we appreciate the good work and the help that we've gotten from all them and from the future oneworld partners.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, usually the reason that gap is bigger for us -- you see the opposite happen at Delta, for example, I think, or United. It's because the second quarter is the strongest quarter domestically, and the international markets are stronger in the third quarter. So as we're growing more rapidly in international markets, I think that gap will continue to close because it's just purely a function of domestic markets being strong in the second quarter and international markets having the third quarter as their strongest quarter.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, not completely. We'll still -- our international, as a percentage of our total system, is still less than, say, than other carriers. So I don't know if that'll be enough to narrow it completely. I don't -- I suspect it's not, but it'll continue to narrow.
J. Scott Kirby: We've had -- we had strengthened Europe on both sides. But for us, we continue -- again, we started from a relatively low base, where we really hadn't invested in acquiring corporate accounts as much as some of our competitors had in Europe, but we've grown the European side more rapidly than domestic and that continues.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I don't have any reason to think airlines will trend any differently than hotels or car rental companies, and I think it's really early to have a good read on what 2014 revenues and spend is going to be. It just depends on what happens with the economy. And I think it's hard for anyone to really know that number until you see how the economy develops. I don't -- I can't think of any reason that airline revenues would either outperform or underperform that kind of macro forecast.
J. Scott Kirby: First, it doesn't depend on the scale of the airline. The right philosophy -- we've talked about capacity discipline for years. And capacity discipline to us means growth when there are profitable growth opportunities, and it means capacity reductions in a world where existing flying loses money. That's typically happened in 1 of 2 ways, either a spike in fuel price, which causes a flight -- causes a series of flights that you have that were formerly marginally profitable become unprofitable because fuel prices have spiked, or it happens like it happened in 2009 where domestic revenues declined by 17%. And so you had flights again that were formerly profitable that became unprofitable. So we always look at the world from our individual airlines perspective. And if there are growth opportunities that we think are profitable, we will pursue them. And if we're in a macroeconomic environment where some of our existing flying is unprofitable, we will keep flying unprofitable flying. I'd also point out that most of our capacity growth in the past couple of years has been through adding gauge to aircraft and utilizing our aircraft more and putting more seats on the airplane. That's been very efficient, and you can see it reflected in our profit margins. I know for sure that the second and third quarter are our highest pretax profit margin, excluding items, in the history of the company, and I think the first quarter was as well. So that growth has been successful and profitable. And so philosophically for us, capacity discipline is about pursuing growth opportunities when the macroeconomic environment allows you to, but not when it doesn't.
J. Scott Kirby: I think it's 3% to 4% of revenue that moves out of November into December. The Sunday after Thanksgiving is the largest revenue day of the year every year. And the Monday after Thanksgiving is usually in the top 5 revenue days of the year. And so moving that from November into December is 3% to 4% of revenue.
J. Scott Kirby: Sure, it is a longer stage length so that puts pressure in it, and it's a new market and new markets always take time to spool up. In São Paulo, we have something else that's unique. We haven't yet gotten slots at the time of day that customers prefer to fly, so we're flying in a poor time channel. For the next season, our slot timing is going to be improved, although it's still not to where it will be most competitive. But over time, we expect that we'll get slots in the right time channel. So it's not only a startup mark -- it's not only startup and the normal spooling issues you have with startups, but it's about the slot times and this is part of the investment in a new route. This happens sometimes in certain geographies around the world where you've got to start with a bad slot time, and then you gradually get it improved to the point where you want it to be.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I didn't say anything about profitability, but I think a normal spool-up in a market like that is probably 18 months. And as I said, the next season, we've already improved the slot time. So I think that's a separate process, a separate question, but I think we'll get to the right time within 18 months on that as well.
J. Scott Kirby: I don't really know, but if we grew it 3% to 4%, I think our assumption is the aircraft count is essentially flat, so you won't burn much fuel. So my guess is your fuel burn or your gallons per seat would decline by, let's say, 2.8% to 3.8%.
J. Scott Kirby: I will -- so no, I have not noticed anything, but, also, I should acknowledge that I haven't gone and asked anyone to look at that or see any analysis on that. I've been otherwise engaged in the last 3 months. But certainly nothing that stands out at a high level with the kind of statistics I look at.
J. Scott Kirby: The answer is yes and yes, and we continue to grow programs like Choice Seats that just continues. That's a great program for our customers. All of our various First Class upgrade programs, again, and great for our customers to offer them a better product and give them access to that better product. And those programs continue to grow pretty aggressively as well.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, those -- the slots at both DCA and LaGuardia are not specific to a market. So you could use them for anything. We don't have any intention to change the shuttle. But the technical answer to your question is you can use them to fly anywhere inside the perimeter rule that you want.
J. Scott Kirby: No one has ever even brought up the idea of changing a shuttle before you talked about it. So there's no plans to do that.
J. Scott Kirby: I think we saw strength, particularly across the Atlantic, and I suspect that they had more weakness in the Pacific. We've certainly seen that in the past revenues. So that'd be my best guess, but we don't really know.
J. Scott Kirby: I'll start on the first one. It's -- it is -- it's a remarkable story growth in Charlotte. It shows you what the power of a hub and being able to connect to customers and offer customers service to far more destinations in a microcosm in the southeast. It's an example of the kind of benefits they can create in our merger with American Airlines, if we get it approved, that you have -- you create growth opportunities by being able to serve more customers, and Charlotte is an example of what we've been able to accomplish there. It's been fantastic growth. But it's because we can have a large hub with a large customer base there in the southeast that allows us to serve 10 destinations in Europe, because there's just -- there's not enough local demand, obviously, in the market. So it has been a fantastic growth story, and I think is representative of what you can do with a network.
J. Scott Kirby: I guess, I'll try. First, the short answer is no. It doesn't undercut support. Strong companies merge all the time. And the point of this merger is we will be stronger, we will be able to attract more customers, we will be able to offer more benefits to customers if we're allowed to merge. And the fact that we're currently making profits today doesn't change that in any way whatsoever.
J. Scott Kirby: It was Derek who did it. We didn't and I don't -- and we don't have that done yet because we haven't built the 2014 plan, so that's just a rough guide. I expect it'll be higher internationally, but we don't have the specific numbers yet.
J. Scott Kirby: I'm not sure what you mean, but internationally, there's been a lot of growth across the Atlantic for all carriers. And so -- and we're growing into market. Every market that we're growing into has no nonstop service on it, so.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I assume carriers are growing and adding and subtracting capacity where -- based on what their own profitability is. We have some markets that carriers have pulled out of, but we also have markets where they've grown. We've got new competition coming from Spirit into our market, from Virgin America. So we've -- from Frontier, who's establishing a little mini hub operation just outside of Philadelphia. So we have significant low-cost carrier growth in our markets that happens all the time, and that continues.
Robert D. Isom: Jack, it's Robert Isom. Yes, we're keenly aware of the ARC and are trying to make sure we're keeping up as much as possible on what might come out of that. And I guess what I would say is we're going to be ready no matter what comes out and prepared to offer our customers the conveniences that they need. And while we haven't made any decisions yet, we really have to wait and see what comes out of the ARC, but we'll be ready.
Robert D. Isom: Mary, it's Robert Isom. Right now, I can't say that we're seeing much there. I will say that we've had some benefit from the Postal Service mail this past quarter, and so we're looking on and making sure our product's competitive as we go forward.
Robert D. Isom: Yes. From an operations perspective, I've got to tell you that we're really pleased with a lot of the work that's going on, on the airfield, and our relationship with the city and airport has never been better. We have so many things that are going on that I think we'll really improve our ability to service customers as we go forward, the airfield improvements to runway 18/36C, Taxiway D extension that should be online and helpful for us this fall when we get into de-icing season. So again -- and then on the terminal itself, we have numerous products that are going on that all result from the great partnership that we've had in the past and we continue to have.
