William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Dan. Thanks everyone for joining us. Today, we reported third quarter 2018 pre-tax profit of $688 million, excluding net special items. Those results include our highest ever revenue performance, thanks to our 130,000 hard-working team members. But unfortunately, a rising fuel prices outpaced that increase in revenues. Higher jet fuel prices alone increased our quarterly expenses by over $750 million versus the same quarter last year. And therefore, our pre-tax earnings, excluding specials for the quarter, were $485 million lower than the third quarter 2017. The declining earnings has been met with a declining stock price, which neither we nor our investors are happy about. The good news is, we're extremely bullish on the future of American and for good reason. This disconnect between the stock price and our view of the future seems to us like a buying opportunity, and we're happy to be here to talk to you all about it. So, look, there are five reasons that we're so bullish. First, we have extensive revenue initiatives underway that are expected to bring more than $1 billion in revenue improvements to American in 2019 versus 2018. Importantly, the drivers of this value are not share shift because of a better product like new airplanes or industry-leading Wi-Fi or world-class clubs and lounges, though we certainly believe some upside exist in that regard. This is a value that'll happen as we simply execute against known projects such as project segmentation, fleet reconfiguration and international network restructuring. Second, and we also expect about $300 million in cost improvements in 2019 versus this year. That's the result of our One Airline project, which has been expanded and accelerated in light of higher fuel costs and Derek will discuss that further. Third, we have the opportunity to grow where we have a real competitive advantage. We have, what we believe, will be the lowest growth plans in the industry for 2019, but we also have what we believe are the best growth prospects. We have 15 gates opening at our largest and most profitable hub in Dallas/Fort Worth in early 2019. We have routes in and out of Dallas/Fort Worth that will immediately generate higher than average profitability versus the marginal profitability that airline growth usually generates. Fourth, we're dedicated to improving our operating reliability. And we've been steadily improving the operating reliability of American according to plan in each year since our merger in late 2013. But that trend changed in the summer of 2018, and we backed (00:05:04) a little bit. As Robert will discuss, we've rededicated ourselves to producing the best operational reliability since our merger in 2019 and that's our top corporate priority. The work has already begun showing some great results, so this is an even more upside for 2019. And then fifth, we are nearing the end of our major post-merger capital expenditure requirement. Our capital expenditures in American have averaged $5.3 billion per year in the five years since the merger. That over $25 billion is by far the most any carrier has invested in its fleet, product and team in the history of commercial aviation. And the result is a valuable set of assets that'll serve our shareholders well for decades to come. And we're going to spend a little under $5 billion in 2019 as we have one more aircraft order to fund. But after that, we're largely done with the backlog. And our CapEx drops precipitously to approximately $3 billion in 2020, $2 billion in 2021 and we expect it will remain in the $2 billion to $3 billion range thereafter. So, because of all of those items, we're excited about our near and long-term future. We're confident that American will return to revenue outperformance and earnings growth in 2019 and beyond. Now, it sounds like we're extremely optimistic because we are, but please don't mistake confidence for indifference. We're extremely focused on results and execution and completing the hard work necessary to deliver this value. We've just happen to be confident it will happen because we know we have the right plan in place and the right people to deliver it. We look forward to proving that over time. And with that, I'll turn it over to Derek and Robert.
William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Jamie. First, let me clarify because also on those numbers we include LAX and New York, right. So you shouldn't assume that that's Miami, Chicago and Phoenix.
William Douglas Parker: And the 2019 numbers don't assume any sort of increase. So, I think, if there's and that will be upside, Jamie.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah. So, Joe, anyways, what we believe and I think it's a belief that make sense, let just share the assumption behind it, which is what Derek has said, which is, we don't have any need at this point for additional aircraft to replace older aircraft, which we did have over time and that's what the current plan calls for. I guess, the only way it would go up from that is for some reason, we decide we want to grow like in excess of what we currently believe then we go decide, we need to go find other aircraft. But anyway, that's...
William Douglas Parker: Derek, can help me out a little with this, but the gates are going to start layering on in May and we'll fill them up over time as the summer progresses. And in terms of benefits in either growth or redeployment opportunities that will layer in. And we haven't yet given any estimates on how much that will improve, but we do know that it is going to be profitable for us.
William Douglas Parker: I don't know if we've got that number, Derek? Let me just go ahead and then we'll – anyway, this is not a number that we actually calculate. But I can tell you having looked at I think what others do is, just how much have your earnings changed versus how much your fuel price has changed, which any of us can calculate. What you'll see is it's going to be a lower number than our two largest competitors, which is another way of saying how come your earnings have fallen more. Our fuel prices have gone up about the same amount as a percentage of expense. So the question if you're asking us why have your earnings fallen more, I'm just trying to get to the core cause. It's because our revenues haven't gone up as much. Our revenues are up, but not as up as much as those two airlines. A trend that we've been narrowing over time, as we talked on last quarter's call, we started to see that widen in 2018, a trend we don't like, a trend that we expect is going to reverse itself back in 2019. But anyway, there are separate stories for separate airlines. One of our large competitors had not their best year last year, so they're comparing to that, of course. When you look at us versus that airline on a two-year basis, we're still up on unit revenues versus that carrier. But anyway, so that's just a year-over-year comp issue. And then, but versus Delta, that's one that we've been narrowing nicely about for a couple of years in a row, has started to widen. But as we look at that, I think it's much what they are doing a better job than we can today of making sure this sell-up activity is available to the customers. They have products that are there where people buy, and they're available in channels that we don't have it available in yet. So we view that as upside. It's a big piece of our $1 billion of revenue initiatives is getting to the point where others have gotten and we just hadn't yet but will in 2019 in having those products available in more channels and easier to purchase. So we view that as upside. But anyway, Helane, when you look at it, getting as whatever the number is, you'll see its lower. However you calculate it, ours is going to be lower than those. And the reason is driven by our revenues not increasing at the same – our unit cost ex-fuel you saw was like less than 1% on some pretty small growth. So that's not the issue. It's just the relative revenue performance and the relative revenue performance as I described.
William Douglas Parker: I'll start, Kevin, and the team can chime in. Versus our peers, again, our stage-length adjusted cost structure American versus our two largest competitors looks all-in-all reasonably close indeed if not around top of each other. But nonetheless we do think we have primarily due to the merger still some costs that we can reduce which is a big piece of this – again, the operational integration getting completed, that's $300 million we talk about. So, that's the biggest thing that we have that they don't. There are differences between carriers. We have higher ownership costs, because we have new aircraft. They have higher fuel and maintenance costs because they have older airplanes things like that. But when you add it all up, our costs per ASM on a stage-adjusted basis for the three airlines all look awfully similar at this point in time.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah. Look, absolutely, you should think of it is going away, because it should. But I just note that they're real numbers of course. And we did just do this large operations integration that Robert talked about that took all sorts of training for if I sensed it would not have happened had we not done a merger. So, it's right and appropriate to pull it out as a special expense and yeah, it's nearly five years later, but that's when it happened. So that number should now continue to come down certainly the merger related. We like other airlines to the extent there are fleet restructurings and things like that to continue which we don't anticipate. But we think it's always right for the benefit of our investors to point out those that feel like one-time events versus recurring events. So, hard to predict what those will be over time, but the merger-related expenses, absolutely, you'll see continue to go down and it should go away over the next couple of years.
William Douglas Parker: Okay, again, and we're going to have others chime in. The biggest things in that, in the $1 billion of revenue initiatives are product segmentation, which again for the most part is Basic Economy and Premium Economy, but also having the ability to sell those in more channels and more easily to our customers. And again that's execution against initiatives that we have underway, and again not reinventing any wheel here. Those are areas that other carriers have that we just don't have yet, but we'll have into 2019. The fleet reconfiguration, the harmonization of our fleet that continues and will be largely in place in 2019 is a good piece of that number, which we weren't able to do in 2018 as we didn't have the fleet reconfigure. And this international network restructuring that we keep talking about, that where we were flying some flights internationally at some pretty large losses like our Chicago to China routes that we've relocated. And then there's just all sorts of other smaller type initiatives, they add up to reasonably large numbers. That again, some of those are just getting a little catch-up because of what – as we've been going through our merger and other airlines had more time than we have. We get to items like, denied boarding, auction process being better automated than we have today. So, a number of initiatives that we look at. Again, none of these things are taking share away from someone else, because we think our products going to be a whole lot better even though we do. It's all about being sure that the existing demand or the existing demand grown naturally is producing higher unit revenue because we're doing a better job of executing against those plans.
William Douglas Parker: Yes, Brandon. And again, as I said in my comments, look, the fact that we're confident, please don't take as indifference. We have a huge performance-based culture around here. We have people very fired up. We certainly don't like seeing our earnings fall more than others, but we know why it is, we know what we need to do, we're highly confident, we have the right plans, right people in place and that's why we're confident in saying things like you're going to see the revenue outperformance that we like in 2019. You're going to see earnings improve in 2019 because we are focused on that.
William Douglas Parker: Let me give you a generic answer, then Derek can provide any mathematical details he cares to provide. So, look, anyway, the issue on the debt is as follows. I mean, again, Derek to give you some estimates, I think, on what's happened already it is. We are indeed reducing somewhat, but yeah, earnings matter in any projections of course. But, to the extent of what we just described is accurate and we believe it is that is earnings improvement and CapEx declines what you should see is a natural de-levering, because, again, we didn't go at debt because we were trying to get some optimum debt level. We went net of debt because we were adding a lot of assets. And the best way to fund those assets was through some really efficient debt. And we thought and continue to believe that was in our shareholders' best interest. So, as you move forward, and there isn't a need to continue to do aircraft transactions, you should expect us to pay off debt as it comes due and there's substantial amount that comes due in the next few years. Pay it off as it comes due. There's nothing we're going to go pay off in advance. It's all incredibly efficient debt, but as it comes due we'll pay it off and we won't replace it. So, we should expect a natural de-levering as we move forward with higher profitability and lower CapEx needs.
William Douglas Parker: I'll let Don do that and having again, it's not like we haven't acted fast enough. The reality is this. We've been in the middle of an integration. We have all sorts of needs. So, I don't want to make it sound like anyone here hasn't been proactively working to get all sorts of things done. We do find ourselves today in a position where we are working on some initiatives that aren't yet complete that will allow us to do better than we are today. Go ahead Don and where we are versus others.
William Douglas Parker: ...in third-party channels, Andrew, others have more ability to push out offers to their customers that are main third-party channels than we do today, but we'll get that corrected.
William Douglas Parker: Well, again, first off, I don't know that we can like particularly say versus that. We certainly haven't seen any discernible market share shift. Probably the best way to answer that which I'll let Don do is, if to the extent we're seeing it versus anybody else would see it be in Chicago and just talk about how, what we're seeing in Chicago on a year-over-year basis.
William Douglas Parker: Thank you, Leslie. So on our fleet service and mechanics, the IAM-TWU partnership – association I should say, negotiations, as soon as those contracts became amendable, the company asked that we go to the National Mediation Board for assistance. We just haven't been able, despite everyone's best efforts, to get that contract closed up. And we think it makes sense for the National Mediation Board to bring us there to get us there. So that's done. That we think is a very positive development. So it's now in the hands of the National Mediation Board to actually oversee those negotiations, and that will begin shortly. So hopefully that will bring us to the conclusion that we weren't able to get done with the parties themselves. We do have, at the end of 2019, our flight attendant and pilot contracts become amendable, so we'll open those negotiation sometime in 2019. Those are five-year contracts that we've signed five years ago. So that's where it stands. All in all though, what I'll tell you is, the team is doing a great job. The leadership team has done a really nice job of taking care of our team and is making a huge difference in the way that our team is now taking care of our customers. And we're really happy with the way all that is done, and we hope to get these negotiations all completed as they come due.
William Douglas Parker: This is Doug. And as Don said, it's competitive. So, anyway, it's a competitive business and there are really three of us that compete mostly in this. And if someone decides they want to really go after the business and do it through higher commissions, we need to be competitive. So that's what's been happening. And as we've seen other carriers in an effort to win back some business they've lost lower commissions, and we need to compete for that. I expect as you see things normalize that'll change.
Robert D. Isom: Hey, Jamie. I just wanted to add though, in terms of the kind of adjustments we're making, we do think that in all of our hubs whether it's growing or redeploying assets to Charlotte, DFW and DCA that that will make those even stronger. But some of the actions that we've recently taken are specifically designed to ensure that places like Chicago and Miami perform better as well. And so, we know that the reductions in the Chicago up to Asia flying is definitely going to help there. You know about the gate initiatives that we've made, which further strengthen the connectivity capabilities of Chicago as a domestic connecting hub for us. And then in terms of Miami as well, we have some underperformers, São Paulo, Belo Horizonte that we've made adjustments to and we're keeping an eye on all of South America to make sure that we're strong as possible.
Robert D. Isom: Well, first off, Jamie, let me tell you, there hasn't been any loss in corporate share at American. We've had a really solid quarter in corporate revenue, as I mentioned, growing faster than top line revenue growth. And as we take a look, it's broad strength across the corporates led by professional services. We've got a healthy pipeline of new accounts. 450 new managed corporate accounts signed just this past quarter and a lot of enhancements coming. We haven't seen any weakness or fall off. And as a matter of fact, we're really pleased with what we've seen and improving operation is only going to drive more benefit.
Robert D. Isom: All right. Well, first off, we have to start with the AAdvantage program. So, our loyalty program, which is the largest program and we believe the best out there in the business. As a benefit, there is the opportunity to align with partners. And in this case, we're aligning with Citi and Barclays. So, they can brand their credit card and offer benefits to their customers when they acquire credit cards and then also spend on those credit cards by earning miles that are redeemable ultimately in our program. American is obviously paid for those miles. Those miles are a nice business for us and something that we are able to offer customers value for that keep people really interested. At the end of the day, the value is in the American brand, the value is in – the service that American offers find people to the places that they want to go and that is something that a lot of different partners want to be part of, and in this case, Citi and Barclays.
Robert D. Isom: The confidence stems from a lot of work that's been done over the years is coming to fruition. So getting FAI, our Flight Attendant Integration, behind us I think is a big step. As we take a look at aircraft reliability as well, I do think that there are some things that we can do and are doing to make sure that we start the day off right, and that's really encouraging. And then as we take a look at network and schedule, there are always opportunities to rationalize fleets, to make routings more efficient, to make better use of reserves and spares. And so all that's under consideration. But when I take a look back over the course of the year, and yes, we're dealing with more of a shoulder season right now, but I do take a look at what we've done in really difficult operating conditions such as hurricanes and some really inclement weather here in DFW. I am impressed by the recovery that we've made and our ability to actually perform well in those conditions. So I'm encouraged. I see the results. As I take a look at the steady progression we made from 2014 to all the way through 2017 and then through the first quarter or so of 2018, I see us back on that kind of trend line that will show improvement going forward.
Robert D. Isom: No, Ted. First off, I'd just go back and we've been at merging the airline, integrating a lot of different areas over the past number of years. But as I said in my comments, in terms of our core operating reliability, but for the really major events, we've been pleased with modest continued improvement in those things that are really important to our customers and drive customer satisfaction and likelihood to recommend scores. And again, as we took a look into this year, we've been making steady progress and then springtime summer we fell off. We think there are some reasons behind it, a lot of additional work, some other one-time issues. But at the end of the day, we need to do a better job of making sure that we're prepared for peak season that we have aircraft available first thing in the morning and that we do a good job of turning them throughout the day. Those are basics, we're good at that. I know that as we progress through the summer and really have everybody take a look at what went on, we'll get back to the track that we were on. And so, I look at this as more of a blip and something that as I look into 2019, will be certainly more of a strength and an opportunity for efficiency and improvement to the P&L. So, upside for us.
Robert D. Isom: Well, so, I'd point to a few things. Certainly, inclement weather is something that is always an issue, but that's not a focus area. At the start of the summer, we had a lot of extra work, inspecting 600-and-some-odd CFM 56-7 engines, fan blades that hadn't been expected. We had an inordinate number of engine changes with some of the newer aircraft deliveries that we're working with the aircraft manufacturers on making sure that we get a fix for that in the long run. And then I'd say that on some of the fleets that we're retiring our super 80 fleet that was something that it took a little bit more work than we had anticipated. But you put all that together and no excuses, that's something that we can plan for and do better and we have. And we are and we have and we'll make sure that we cover as we get into, peak season is coming up.
Donald B. Casey: Okay, this is Don. I'll take this one. Again, if you go look at our domestic performance, what we see is improving trends. If you look at our third quarter performance, our unit revenue performance in domestic was better than our second quarter unit revenue performance, which was also positive. We're seeing improved yields in the domestic business not only in the third quarter, but in particular as we look forward into the fourth quarter. Lot of this is driven by changes in the pricing environments, particularly, in ULCC markets. Business demand remains pretty robust. We're seeing improvement in close in yields. Strong corporate demand, Robert mentioned that. Our domestic corporate revenue grew at 10% in the quarter and that remains continues to be positive as we look forward. So, as we look at our domestic performance, we, again, saw improvement as we went from Q2 to Q3, and we expect as we're looking into the Q4 outlook that domestic will improve again.
Donald B. Casey: Okay, Hunter. This is Don. In terms of commission expenses, this is really competitive marketplace, right. So, we really focus on competitiveness and that's really the focus, right. So, in terms of trajectory and TMC or any kind of commission costs, we've been actually relatively flat. And where going forward is really to stay competitive with our big competitors on a network basis. As for NDC, our focus on NDC is to improve the products, right, that we offer to our customers particularly our corporate customers. And it is less of a cost initiative for us than it is an ability to be able to put more products and particularly bundled products in front of our corporate customers.
Donald B. Casey: We're actually ahead of what our expectations are for this launch. So when we launched it, the change in the carry-on bag restriction, we knew that that would allow us to have the product in more markets more often. And we expected as part of that that we would see the sell-up rate go down, but the number of customers selling up go up, and that rate is going to be positive for us. What we observed is that the percentage of customers buying up hasn't materially changed. So we expect to see that drop from the low 60s down to about 50%, but it's still sitting around 60%. So that's actually much better than we expected.
Donald B. Casey: Okay, this is Don. So domestic, we're seeing some improvements, and I'll just add that if you go look at our performance last year in the fourth quarter domestically, we were many, many points higher than everybody else in the fourth quarter. So to get some sequential improvement there, I think, is quite positive. We're expecting Atlantic and Pacific actually to perform in line with what we had in the third quarter, and we're seeing continued softness in Latin America.
Donald B. Casey: It should drive cost improvement. It is within that guide of whether we do that, but we still haven't gone through the planning process. And as we go through the planning process, we'll see the adjustments that Robert's talking, whether it's from a schedule perspective or an operations perspective and build that into the 2019 budget.
Donald B. Casey: I'd just add, the confidence also comes just knowing that this is going to happen. So, when Doug talks about Premium Economy, we know that by the end of this year we will have our 777s completed. We know that by next summer, we will have our 787 fleet done. We know that by next summer that we're on track to have 50% of our 737 reconfigurations done. Those are things that we absolutely know. We know that with the changes we've made in terms of network are now coming to fruition. While we talk about changes that we've made to Brazil, and we talk about changes that we've made to China, those are now just being put into the schedule. And then, as we take a look forward and again, numbers that we haven't included in that $1 billion, we know that those gates are going to come online. Those are on track. And so, the confidence here is rooted in really things that we're going to be executing on and we know they're on track.
Donald B. Casey: Okay. First of all, I know we talk about Latin. We often think about different piece of Latin, but Latin is a complicated part of business. So, Caribbean, Central America kind of Northern Rim markets excluding Venezuela have actually performed pretty well. The weakness that we've seen has been in Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. And as we look forward into Brazil, we're taking capacity actions. We reduced capacity by 10% in September-October. And we're reducing capacity by 20% going forward in Brazil. Mexico, we've seen a very tough environment there, particularly the pricing driven by capacity increases and some concerns probably over travel warnings. But as we look forward into the fourth quarter, we're seeing demand come back a bit. We mentioned in the call last year, we have a number of initiatives in the RM and sales space around kind of real off-peak load factor performance, and we're seeing some real improvements in the load factors in Mexico, as we look forward although the yield environment remains weak. So, overall, Latin America, we were down, in a revenue perspective, 1.6%. Parts of it are doing really well, parts of it that aren't doing well. And where we're not doing well we're focused on capacity and our load factor performance.
Donald B. Casey: We've actually done a pretty good job of growing our ancillary revenue streams. In the third quarter, ancillary revenues are up 18%. We re-launched our Main Cabin extra product in June. And since we've done that we've seen unit revenues for Main Cabin extra grow at 24%, but we see that we actually have more opportunity beyond that. And the big opportunity for us is, we haven't yet built out our infrastructure to be able to push offers out to customers effectively between time of booking and time of check-in. And that's a big window where we can put and so many offers in front of our customers to increase of ancillary revenue stream even more than we've been able to go do it and that's really an IT infrastructure question. We have a project underway. We expect to be able to be more effective in doing that in 2019.
Donald B. Casey: So the biggest overlap we have is in Chicago, but we flew our largest scheduled departure at Chicago that we've ever flown this summer. And as we look at our performance in Chicago, it was our highest year-over-year unit revenue producing hub. On the corporate side, our corporate revenue in Chicago is up 15%. Our share gap, the way we measure our corporate market share relative to our capacity, is actually up by 0.5 point, so that's also positive. We haven't lost a single corporate account in Chicago. So we feel pretty good about the way customers have stuck with us this year.
Donald B. Casey: Okay, this is Don Casey. Corporate travel has been very strong this year. It's been broad-based. It's been across really all of the industrial areas that we focus on. The early indicators for next year based on surveys that other bodies do is that the expectation is that corporate traffic will remain strong into next year and that it will likely grow.
Donald B. Casey: No. Clearly, we're all focused on high value customers, right, and customers they're going to pay higher fares on average. And a lot of our activity in our sales organization is really B2B activity, focused on corporate customers and agencies that drive a lot of that business. And that revenue is growing, as I said, at a very, very strong pace right now.
Derek J. Kerr: The pension gains will they stay for another three years I think, and then run-off, but they year-over-year will be the same as in your 2019 model of the pension gains.
Derek J. Kerr: Yeah, I wouldn't say we'll commit to anything, but I think, I mean they've moved and they've been pushed out and it's really driven by the deliveries. So, yes, we're set with the deliveries in 2019, 2020, 2021. And the aircraft deliveries, from an aircraft CapEx, 2020 is about $1.2 billion and 2021 is $1 billion and 2022 is $1.3 billion. And we have no reason to change that. So, I would say, yes that is where we're going to be from a total CapEx perspective. And the run rate, as we go forward, should be in that 2.5% range steady state even going forward from there, because we don't have any plans for any new aircraft at this point in time going forward since we've already really gotten through the fleet replacement program and taken on over 600 new aircraft now since the merger.
Derek J. Kerr: Yeah. And Joe, there is only one – I mean, from a fleet perspective, we still have some 50-seat aircraft that we'd like to replace with larger gauge aircraft, two-class aircraft. And we haven't committed that yet and looked at that. So, we have an opportunity in the regional space, and that's really the only place. From a mainline and widebody aircraft, everything is really in place for the next four, five years.
Derek J. Kerr: Yeah, I agree. And David that's not included in the $1 billion revenue synergies or revenue opportunities that we talked about. We're working to get those gates open as soon as we can, and we'll layer that in as we move forward from a revenue perspective into the 2019 forecast.
Derek J. Kerr: And I'll just add. Venezuela, just to give you an idea, it's 0.2%of our system revenues, so we don't have a lot of exposure there anyway.
Derek J. Kerr: Part of what's going on next year is our reconfiguration project. So, the gauge should actually go up next year a little bit as we bring on the aircraft, as we modify the 321s and the 73s. And from a regional perspective, the gauge should go up also. So, in both cases, I would expect gauge to be a positive next year, which as you know is positive growth for us. I think it could be around 1% of gauge as we take the mainline and regional combined next year.
Derek J. Kerr: We actually just don't look at it that way. These things are all really interrelated. And so we focus on our TRASM number.
Derek J. Kerr: Yes. And, Mary, sorry about that. That's just third quarter. The 40% is just the third quarter recapture, not full year.
Stephen L. Johnson: Sure, Hunter. Thanks. It's really good question. And, first, I suppose if you were surprised shame on us a little bit. The arrangement with the Atlantic joint business has always been that it would be reviewed by the European regulators in advance of its 10th anniversary, which is in 2020. As Brexit is unfolded, that responsibility moved from the EU to the UK, and they for reasons I think are they just had the resources available to start doing the review now. We are very optimistic about how the review is going to come out. These joint businesses really provide fabulous consumer benefits, and all of the studies that we've done of the Atlantic joint business, in particular in JVs in general, have demonstrated that. And there certainly is no joint business that has come close to what we've been able to produce for consumers than our Atlantic joint business. I suspect the review will take a few months. There will be, I'm sure, a report written at some point in time, but our expectation is that they are going to firmly endorse the Atlantic joint business and reach conclusions like the ones that I just described. I maybe can just take a minute to go on. This work that we've done to review joint businesses, there have now been 17 or 18 years of robust data from joint businesses. And we've assembled it and put it into our advocacy around our Qantas joint business application and our two applications that are forthcoming. It's really very compelling. And we expect both the UK and the United States DOT to recognize that and firmly endorse the joint business concept going forward.
Stephen L. Johnson: There shouldn't be. We sell only in dollars. And those markets, although we've reduced our capacity pretty significantly in Venezuela, continue to be really very profitable for us.
Stephen L. Johnson: Sure, we have several negotiations going on with our wholly-owned subsidiaries. But the two leading ones are the negotiations with our ground employees at Envoy and Piedmont. One of those has been agreed with the union and is out for ratification now. The second of those, I would expect to be concluded as soon as the first ratifies. And there are pretty big pay increases built into those, the tentative agreement for the first and what we have on the table for the second.
Stephen L. Johnson: And, Don, I'd add just add too. As we take a look going forward, I know that we see opportunities in continuing to engage with small and medium-sized businesses. We have an AAirpass program that really appeals to really very small accounts, and we see great traction there. So there's continued opportunity for us to expand how we connect with businesses, especially smaller businesses.
