William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Dan. Thanks, everybody, for being on. It's not possible to talk about the third quarter without beginning with the hurricanes and what our team did in regard to those events. We're always proud of our team, but particularly so this quarter. They rallied around each other, they rallied around our customers, just showed incredible care and concern and made a huge difference and it's times like this that the people of American shine and they certainly did in the third quarter and we're so proud of them and appreciative and I should also note, as proud as we are as the people of American, this is not a time for all of our competitive juices to get too strong. Our industry did a great job in this regard and we're proud of everyone in the industry for what they all did including our competitors. We made a big difference, we continue to make a big difference and we're proud of that and extremely thankful and appreciative of our team. We had an investor day not too long ago, just last month, Investor and Media Day. It was very productive and helpful. Thank you for all – thanks to all of you who attended. During that Investor Day, we laid out some themes that are important to us. We talked about how we are playing for the long game, how we are running our own show, focused on American and not defining ourselves on others, looking to make long-term decisions and not be overly focused on near-term metrics. Those themes continue, of course, we're not going to go through them in great detail, but you will hear them running through all of our comments throughout this call. We also laid out four long-term strategic objectives consistent with those themes. Those are to build a world-class product, to drive efficiencies, to make culture a competitive advantage, and to think forward and lean forward. We are, again, those are themes you'll hear us continue to bring up because we like the framework and we're excited about the message. So with that said, I'll turn it over to Derek to give you some details on the numbers and then Robert will give more details as well.
William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Robert. And before we open up to questions, I want to address an issue that's come up this week, which is the travel advisory from the NAACP. First, that announcement was obviously a disappointment to our team. That's because we at American Airlines pride ourselves on inclusiveness and diversity. What we do as an organization is connect people. We like to say we fly over borders and walls and stereotypes and divisiveness to bring people together. And our team members do that safely and professionally every day. And as a result, we make this world a smaller and more inclusive place. Once we got past the disappointment, we realized this is a great opportunity. Yes, we're proud of our commitment to equality and diversity and the significant impact we make in that regard around the globe. But discrimination, exclusion, and unconscious biases are enormous problems that no one's mastered. And we would never suggest that we have it all figured out. What we know is we want to keep learning and we want to get even better. We want to be leaders for all of U.S. industry in equality, inclusion, and diversity because we actually think we can make a difference in the world if we do that. And organizations like the NAACP can help us, so we welcome the opportunity to work with them. Indeed, we're excited about it and enthusiastic to sit down and listen and learn together. We've reached out and expect to begin working together in the very near term. That's good news for the people of American, for our customers, and our shareholders. We look forward to what lies ahead as a result of this effort, and we will keep you apprised as our work develops. So with that said, Chris, we are ready for questions.
William Douglas Parker: Brandon, we never even heard you. We actually just thought – once we had given our script and Linenberg asked his question, we were done. But apparently, some other people had more. Sorry, we don't know what happened. But anyway, we're back.
William Douglas Parker: Hunter, again, I'll take a shot and the guys can fill in, I guess. First off, we always talk about CASM ex-fuel, of course. So you've got to make your own fuel forecast, but right now, it appears to be up. But if you're talking about...
William Douglas Parker: Yes, and, Hunter, I'll say this. Demand continues to look strong. All the initiatives that we've talked about are – those aren't things that we hope to get done. They're largely done. They're just kicking in. So we feel very good about that. So I'm happy to tell you – look, I would be disappointed if our RASM next year didn't exceed our CASM ex-fuel.
William Douglas Parker: Hunter, again, make no assumptions. We can tell you what we can tell you, which is we think a minimum cash balance of $7 billion -
William Douglas Parker: Liquidity, I'm sorry, at American, which is awfully high relative to others, anyway, is the right number for us just because of the higher leverage. We think it's a better way to protect ourselves against downturns or any unforeseen circumstances than being less levered. So that's a number we look at as you do your forecast to the extent you see us generating cash levels substantially higher than that. We've always been of the view that once we've invested in our team, once we've invested in the airline, once we've paid down low-cost debt and invested in projects within the airline that can create returns for our shareholders, that the right thing to do is return it to our shareholders. So that would be a rational expectation of where the cash goes. What the actual cash flows are, again, not numbers that we're projecting, but you're welcome to.
William Douglas Parker: Yes. Look, Jack, first off, we're bullish. So it's a fair question, of course, there are always risks. But I want to start out by saying, you're right; we're bullish. We feel really good about where American is. We feel good about the transformation that's taking place in the industry, the kind of risks that you would look at are the kind of things that could always happen in our business, economic downturn, well, the industry has dramatically transformed and stronger than it ever has been and I believe permanently transformed, we're still a cyclical business. So if there's any sort of economic downturn, that would provide, that would pose some risk to the revenue performance. We're big consumers of fuel and so fuel spikes could have an impact. Again, I would argue spikes are one thing, but it's just increases given where we are, I think what you'd see is fares rise to levels to offset much of the fuel price increase. So, look, I'm not going to be able to give you anything that's dramatically different than you would find and read in some of these risk factors. Because the real issue is we feel – we're really bullish. We feel really good about where American is, we feel good about where the industry is.
William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Helene. And I would love to do that, but I'm conscious of everyone's time. We tried really well to do that during the earnings call. What I'll tell you is, we know who we are. We are a global hub-and-spoke airline with, as Robert said, a set of privileged assets that allow us to do, to provide service to customers that we think is incomparable or certainly hard for others to replicate. And we know there is a good bit of upside in our ability to do that. What you should expect from us over time is an airline that has world-class products. We know full well that we have to compete for all customers. But first and foremost, we want to make sure that we have an airline that is the airline of choice for business customers, for premium customers. And we're doing – everything we're working on now is designed to make sure we have a product in place to do that, not the least of which is a significant investment in our fleet, investment in satellite Wi-Fi across all the aircraft, and investment in our clubs, all this work that has just begun in the last couple of years and has the airline already in a much better place today than it was a couple years ago and we'll have it even better in the next couple of years. We're going to work to make culture a competitive advantage. That as much as anything is where we think the upside is. We have an airline that, because of its history, still has our team members not as engaged and excited as we'd like them to be. And once we have leaders in place that our team knows care about them, that provide the tools to do their jobs the way they know how to do it, that lets them, that appreciates what they do, that helps them understand that what they do is incredibly important, and that they make a difference, so that they go home at the end of the day feeling fulfilled. We know that will have a huge, that won't just be a better airline, that will be an airline that people want to fly and that's a competitive advantage. That's clearly not where we are now, but that's where we're moving. We're going to continue to drive efficiencies, as Derek showed in our presentation. That includes a lot of work that just happens once we get integrated, but even more so a significant amount of work under the leadership of Maya and the IT team to make sure that we are at the leading edge of technology for our customers and for our team. And we're going to do all that with the mindset of thinking forward and leaning forward, a team that will be making sure that we come out of this past of short-term thinking and have a mindset throughout the organization that is always looking forward and thinking forward, something that we feel pretty good about, but we know we can do even better and we expect to be leaders in that arena.
William Douglas Parker: Look, the issue with the Middle East carriers is not about their product. That's a symptom of the problem. When you're subsidized and you don't care about making profits, you certainly can put in place a product that's uneconomic because the flying itself is uneconomic. But no, the answer to the Middle East carrier issue is not for us to have a product that competes with them. The answer to the Middle East carrier issue is for them not to be subsidized and for us not to have to compete against countries and for our country to step up and do what it needs to do and make sure that we aren't forced to do that. One of the biggest threats, if not the biggest threat to everything I just said about the long-term viability of our business is the U.S. government not stepping up and making sure that those two countries aren't allowed to continue to subsidize flying and to jeopardize U.S. aviation jobs. We can compete against anybody as long as the playing field is close to fair. What we can't do is compete against oil-rich countries that don't care about making profits and that seem to have a different objective of trying to help their countries through having an aviation practice that doesn't make any money but brings people in and out of their countries. So look, the good news on this is we've had productive conversations with the administration, myself as well as the CEOs of American – CEOs of United and Delta met with some secretaries this quarter and were encouraged by the reception. There's still work to do, of course, but are hopeful because this is as easy as it gets in terms of being able to create a case that shows that American jobs are at stake because of policies of other countries, and we should enforce ours. So anyway, that's not a product issue, that's a subsidization issue and a really, really important one that we're screaming from the mountain tops about and people are beginning to listen, so we feel good about it.
William Douglas Parker: I got a lot. So first off, on the mid-contract adjustment, I'm absolutely positive it was the right thing to do. We told you at that time you're not going to see it. If all you want to do is look at a spreadsheet, you should just raise your costs from what your estimate was. We also told you that if we didn't do it, you should have lowered your revenues in the future because we can't go do all the things I just said we're going to do in the future and ask our team to work for less than their peers at other airlines. We're not going to do that. So yes, we're going to sign contracts and when we sign them, they're going to be at those levels. And no, we don't expect that anytime someone else signs another contract that we need to match it. But when we get into a situation like we did with our Boston flight attendants, where the contract we had put in place with that same mindset and the same objectives, because of just some unforeseen competitive circumstances, has them in a position where they're going to be well below their peers at other airlines for an extended period of time. We think the right thing to do is to correct that, and you should expect to see us do it in the future if it happens again. I don't expect it will happen again, but if it does, you should expect us to do the same thing because it's the right thing to do for our team. We can't go make our culture a competitive advantage by asking our team to work for less than their peers do at other airlines. So that was absolutely the right decision and we feel extremely good about it and always will. As to relative margin performance, I will reiterate again that we at American are focused on running our own game and don't spend a lot of time focusing on what others are doing. We certainly don't define – aren't going to define our success relative to others. But having said that, I'll entertain the comparison right now because I know it's important to you all. What I know is this: The trend itself, which I know you know because you can see it in the numbers, is a cost trend, not a revenue trend, and the cost trend is due to what I just said. We had to get our, primarily due to what I said. We had a cost advantage in labor and we didn't think that was right and we don't think it's right, so we had to close it. So that's the trend. That is not a trend I would expect you would see continue going forward, but that's what's driving the trend in relative margins versus Delta. On the absolute basis, look, margins by region come and go, margins by hub come and go, but what I can tell you right now is Delta has an airline that flies over 40% of their flights in and out of Atlanta, which is a really, really good hub. And if American flew 40% of its flights in and out of Charlotte, we would have a margin advantage there in the business because Charlotte's a really, really good hub. But we don't, so be it. It's not about mismanagement or anything close to it. It's about the networks that are currently in place at the airlines. but given that advantage, they also have that – they have that advantage, by the way, in valuation. So look, we look at where we are, we know who we are, we know what we have, and we know there's enormous upside for our shareholders if we go execute against the plan we've laid out. And like I say, we're not going to define ourselves against what others are doing. The other key point I would make here is, they did their large merger some six, seven years ahead of American and we are closing fast. So a lot of the upsides that Robert talked about and he rightfully said we're playing catch-up, we're not playing catch-up because we were asleep, we're playing catch-up because we did our merger in 2013 and they did theirs in 2007 or 2008. So all those things will lead, I think, to the trend not being an issue and the absolute number, like I say, sometimes some of us will be in better conditions relative to others given where our networks are at any certain point in time and what region of the country we fly in, what the competitive dynamics are. But the valuations will fluctuate accordingly.
William Douglas Parker: Look, the target is, again, one that we have said consistently is one that we believe over time will average. What we say is, good years on average – that's what we believe, that's how we set our short-term incentive compensation for our executives is if we have an airline that makes $5 billion pre-tax, the incentive payments are 100%. If we don't, they're less than that. And if they're below $3 billion, there's none. We've set that in place because we believe that's what the long-term earnings power of this airline is. And we certainly believe that. We have not said, and not saying today, that that means every year, you should go expect we're going to be at that number. I'm not saying we're not, either. I'm just making clear that we didn't ever mean to suggest that every single year will be that. What we said is we will be in a range of 3%, 5%, or 7%. So 2016 is not going to be one of those years, that's now clear. 2017, I'm sorry. 16 months. 16 months, that's really clear. So – as was 2015. 2017 wasn't. I don't know if 2018's going to be or not. But we'll see. Again, that's something for you all to do your best to try and figure out based on the information we provide and the big missing piece of information that we don't provide is what we think our full-year 2018 RASM's going to be. But you can make your own guesses as best as we can. But what I can tell you is we feel really good about the industry dynamics. We feel particularly good about American's ability to do even better than the industry based upon all the initiatives that Robert and Don have laid out.
William Douglas Parker: And, Don, just to add one more and that's just around all the work that we're doing with the ancillary products as well.
William Douglas Parker: We've launched our own NDC initiative which we did in – just past summer. This is a long-term initiative, right? This is not going to be a kind of knife edge. Our goal here is to be able to offer more products and services to both our corporations and our travel agency partners, that's through our NDC product, it's not to replace GDS. But it's going to process, it's going to roll out over many, many years.
William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Derek. Hey. We hate to cut people off that have questions, but we have a hard stop in about 20 minutes and we need to get to the media. We've got a couple of analysts lined up, it looks like. So we're just going to do speed answers on those and get to the media if that's okay.
William Douglas Parker: And, Darrell, on the trends question, I'd just add again. And I'm not trying to actually reinforce the view that we think there are enormous cost issues here, but certainly, as Derek said, there are some areas like airport. What's happening is the industry has been consistently under-invested in for a really long period of time because we weren't profitable. And airports require profitable airlines in order to go invest. The good news is we have that now and that's what's happening. You're seeing huge capital improvements throughout the industry in airports. But yes, that won't continue. Over time once those investments are made and that's in the cost structure, I don't think you'd see that continue. As it relates to the labor costs, as we said, we had a lot of catch-up to do. Once everyone is on an equal basis, we certainly are not seeing at our existing and now raised pay rates any sort of issue in terms of attracting and retaining great people. And I imagine that's the case at our competitors. So I wouldn't expect you'd see once everyone gets on a fairly level basis, certainly not the levels you've seen in terms of wage inflation going forward either. So there is a good bit of catch-up that had to happen from what was once a horribly inefficient industry to one that is now investing for the long term in its people and its airports. But once those investments are made, you shouldn't expect to see it continue.
William Douglas Parker: Hey, David. So you weren't on at the start, I guess. I did address that already. Anyway, what we think is we think it's a great opportunity. We know that we work very hard to make sure that we have a diverse and open environment and organization that we pride ourselves in those things. We also know we can always get better. So while the initial reaction was certain disappointment because when you look at that and think how can that be true of us, but once you get past that and think, well, this is a fantastic opportunity because we want to get better. We always want to get better. And what we think is business can lead the way in things like this. It's an important issue for our country and our world and divisiveness seems to be getting worse, not better. It's things that we always, within business, you don't, we can be leaders in this regard, because our employees are a diverse group of people, our customers are a diverse group of people, so we always end up being leaders in areas like this. But we can also be leaders in making it better. So if the NAACP wants to talk to us and wants to help us get better, we're excited about that. So we've already reached out. We're going to work together to get better. And we appreciate their input and we're excited about it.
William Douglas Parker: I don't know. We haven't seen anything, but again, that is not the point. The work we're doing has nothing to do as to whether or not – it's not about whether or not it has a financial impact on our company. We're going to do it because it's the right thing to make our company stronger and that we care about. So this isn't about whether or not people fly us. We got – people are flying us and that's not the issue. It's about being a stronger company and providing leadership, so we're excited about that.
William Douglas Parker: All right. Thank you all very much for your time. We really appreciate it. Any further questions from analysts, give Dan a call; media can contract Corporate Communications. We appreciate your time. Thanks.
Donald B. Casey: Yes, I'd have to say that we introduced a million new fares into the marketplace, right, so that always takes a bit of time to stabilize. But I think we're at a point right now where we're at a stable situation. I think we're probably not quite where the whole industry is probably going to end up from a pricing perspective. But we're kind of happy with where we are right now.
Donald B. Casey: Yes, we had, as we kind of finished the third quarter, four consecutive quarters where our performance was materially better than the rest of the industry. And so as we kind of lap that, we still are going to have, in the third quarter, the fourth quarter, revenue that's kind of a bit better than the rest of the industry. And so that, I think, just speaks to the fact that we have a long list of initiatives, right, that are layering on top of one another that continue to drive better unit revenue year over year.
Donald B. Casey: Sure, okay. This is Don. Yes, we've made good progress, this is now the third quarter in a row where we've seen improved performance in our share and share gap. And in this quarter, we also saw an improvement in average ticket value. And as we put more resources into our sales organization, we've also focused on getting more small to medium-size companies with a corporate deal with American. And this year, we've added 16,000 small to medium corporate accounts since January, that's up an increase in total small to medium corporate accounts of 50%. So we're very pleased with the progress we've made on that front.
Donald B. Casey: Again, we've set the range based on where we are, our current held position, as well as all of the initiatives that we have in place that are going to continue into the fourth quarter. As far as kind of the close-in yield situation, we saw kind of our close-in PRASM of the domestic business be off just like 2% in July and August, but rebounded quite strongly in September. We think a lot of that has to do with Basic Economy and Basic Economy appears to be doing exactly what we wanted to do. And we think that's going to help us actually drive near-term yields positive as we go through the fourth quarter.
Donald B. Casey: Yes, I'll cover it. So domestic, we're seeing – as we look forward, we're seeing, actually, yields up, so we're seeing good yield performance in the domestic business. So we're expecting that to hold up as we go through the fourth quarter. Atlantic, we expect to be pretty similar to what we saw in the third quarter where we see pretty aggressive pricing in the coach cabin related to growth of low-cost carriers, but that's being offset by strength in the premium cabin, and we think Premium Economy is going to really help us as we move forward. Pacific, we're actually expecting to be better in the fourth quarter. This is tied to lapping some of the capacity increases we had last year with new routes as well as improved share performance we're seeing in specialty channels to Asia and the response to the premium product that we put in the marketplace. We didn't have full lie-flat product in the Pacific until February of this year. And we're seeing very good response to the quality of our premium product. And the Latin is the one market where there's been kind of the greatest amount of uncertainty. The impact of the hurricane in the Caribbean, although we're seeing right, it appears so far that that demand is holding up. Some questions around the travel warning to Mexico, which we've seen a bit of softness in Mexico. And we're seeing some capacity creep into Brazil. So probably the greatest uncertainty we see right now is in the Latin entity, but we still expect them to be positive year over year.
Donald B. Casey: I think we have a number of initiatives that are part of our portfolio that have been rolling out that are all designed around increasing yields. So Basic Economy, all right, that increases yields, because while we were matching the fares before, now 50% of the people that were buying these fares before are not going to be paying more than they paid. So that's the increased yields. Premium Economy, which we're going to roll out in the wide-body is again increasing yields. This is really a leisure product. And we're seeing people buy up from economy into the Premium Economy cabin. That's going to increase yields. We now have the leading product – business class product among U.S. carriers in the long haul and we're seeing tremendous demand which is allowing us to actually sell up through the fare ladder into the premium cabin. That increases yields. All the initiatives we have in the sales organization side is getting a better share and we're seeing it today in our high-value channels. All of that increases share or increases our yield premium. And on the RM side, we've made a number of changes both in terms of our infrastructure and to our business process, which is all designed around selling out more effectively, which will increase our yields. And we have a host of initiatives coming in the AAdvantage program later in 2018 and 2019, which are going to attract more high-yield customers which is going to increase yields. So I think we got a big portfolio of initiatives that are all designed around increasing yields.
Donald B. Casey: Sure. Well, when we rolled out Basic Economy, we rolled it out to the entire D48, and so we have it in all markets, broadly across the entire domestic system.
Donald B. Casey: Oh, our exposure to ULCC price. If you take a look at our total revenue pot, so that's all revenue from all sources and look at the amount of revenue that we currently sell at ULCC fare levels, this is before the basic launch, it was about 3%. And so of the 3% that we sold at basic, or sold at ULCC levels, about half of that now is selling up into a main cabin fare. So it's probably about a 1.5% of our total system revenue, all revenue, total revenue, that's – we're currently selling at ULCC price level.
Robert D. Isom: Yeah, I'll start. Look, our game plan is to really make sure that we make best use of what we've invested in so far. Yes, there's a lot more to come, but we take a look at our aircraft, our fleet, and the opportunity for utilization and deploying aircraft where we think it makes the most sense. And so that all plays into the One Airline initiative as well, where we think that we can grow revenues. We think that we can better utilize our aircraft, facilitate low-cost growth and then ultimately deliver more value overall. So it fits very well, but really the focus is, if you take a look at what we've laid out so far, is to first deliver on what we've laid out, we've got a couple of things that are still important in terms of integration, and those are: making sure that we get a contract between our mechanics and our fleet service employees and then also making sure that we deliver on getting our flight attendants on one system and really fully integrate them. And then it's really at that point in time, it's a merged airline, able to focus on what we do best, and that's delivering value for our customers.
Robert D. Isom: Well, you saw from our Investor Day that we have a set of initiatives that are laid out. And it deals with everything from revenue management, and Don can speak a little bit about a new optimizer that just came online here recently, to all of our sales efforts and getting back out and really aggressive on that front, to making sure that we're flying and deploying aircraft where they can be best utilized. So we see that all of the initiatives that we laid out is playing out over the next few years and continue to advantage American, and in many cases, uniquely so, because many of these items are, in ways, catch-up. Some of the biggest initiatives that we laid out during Investor Day, everybody's aware of Basic Economy, of course, but Premium Economy is just in its infancy. And if you take a look at where we're headed overall, I feel really confident that we're going to be continuing to outperform.
Robert D. Isom: Don, I'd just add a couple of other quick points. And one is that the team that we're bringing on, that's something that is in progress, but we'll have over 130 new people out in the field by 2018. New distribution capability, really allowing all of our customers to be able to access all of our products, was launched back in June of 2017, will continue to have a positive impact. And then one of the areas that we hadn't spent a lot of time in terms of focus areas of the group's business is something that we've been getting back into and seeing some good progress there, too. So again, the sales team, under Allison Taylor's leadership, is really doing what we had hoped.
Robert D. Isom: No, I'll just start with, look, our greatest competitive advantage is our hubs and our gateways. And at the end of the day, the more that we're able to execute our business model and be able to provide connections and serving the broadest market possible, that is something that we think is a sustainable advantage and something that is unique to American and other large network carriers, and it's going to be where we put our time and attention.
Derek J. Kerr: Yes, I mean, there's four things that we believe will be higher next year. I mean, depreciation, of course, because we have the aircraft that are coming in and we have to – the CapEx that we've had year over year is the depreciation. Our rents and landing fees, I think from that perspective, we project to be from a CASM perspective a little bit up next year. Maintenance has a little bit of headwinds in there. And then, of course, salaries and benefits is the other one. But those four are the areas that we're focused on and that we know will be there next year, but we believe will hopefully offset most of those higher expenses to hit the 2% CASM that we talked about at the analyst day.
Derek J. Kerr: I think as we look at – we're all done financing everything in 2017 and we also have financed a few aircraft into 2018, so our aircraft CapEx for 2018 is about $1.2 billion. I would assume that we finance 70% of that, 70% to 75% of that instead of full up. We may do some sale-leasebacks depending on where the market is and do it all, but I think for modeling purposes, I would use 75% to do that.
Derek J. Kerr: And just one other thing I just wanted to correct from Mike's earlier question on capacity, when we talked about 2018 capacity, I had it backwards. I apologize, but departures will be up about 2% where gauge is up about 0.5%. So that's the 2.5% on a flat fleet. I just wanted to correct that from an earlier question.
Derek J. Kerr: I think it's 80% is what the number will be when we get done with it. But we have disclosed a fair amount of it. We already have disclosed what the number is in that line, so you will know what that number is where we have it. If we have one line that says that and one that's other, that's the other 20%. We haven't thought about that in the next year, but I think that number that is in that line has already been disclosed and will continue to be disclosed.
Derek J. Kerr: Mostly narrowbody aircraft. I think all of the MAXes were part of those. Some of those were refinancing of Embraer 175's also.
