William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Dan, and thanks from everybody with us. We reported this morning first quarter results of $357 million income, excluding net special items, that's $0.75 per share, thanks to the hard working people at American Airlines, who are doing a phenomenal job of taking care of our teams and keeping us on track with all of our strategic initiatives. We feel very good about where we're now. Those earnings, of course, are down year-over-year, that's driven by an increase in fuel year-over-year, which Derek will talk about. And indeed that fuel prices have increased yet again just in the last – since we closed the quarter. So, we've adjusted our full year earnings estimate accordingly. Excluding the fuel price increase, is as I say though everything else feels very good at American. We continue to work against our strategic objectives and made really nice progress in each of those. First, in creating a world-class customer experience. We continue to bring in new aircraft, retire older airplanes in what is the most aggressive modernization of aircraft fleet in the history of commercial aviation continues, with our aircraft age now well below those of our large competitors. We put in place the best property, the best lounge product ever created by a U.S. carrier with Flagship Lounges in Miami, LA, JFK, Chicago, coming soon to Dallas. We've, with the introduction of the Boeing 737 MAX's, we now have satellite Wi-Fi on domestic aircraft, something that will be continued to roll out through the entire fleet through 2019, just a huge advancement in the product for our customers allowing customers to stream. Everyone in the aircraft can stream at the same time, much different than the ground-based Wi-Fi that is in place on most of the American fleet and most of the industry' fleet today. So that work continues as we well know as far our customers on making culture a competitive advantage, a huge initiative in American. That continues, of course. In this quarter, we accrued $29 million for profit sharing for our team during the quarter. But leading forward is the biggest announcement in that regard for the quarter was the aircraft restructuring that we announced earlier in the quarter, which positions us for the future extremely well as it relates to our fleet addressing a couple of the issues that remained with our widebody fleet and pushing off some Boeing 737s, that – they're allowing us to leave in the fleets of aircraft that weren't quite range retired. And then lastly, on ensuring long-term financial strength, the earnings, in spite of those fuel price increases, contribute well to that initiative. We returned $498 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends in the quarter. We now have done $11.9 billion, $11 billion of which are share repurchases since the program was announced in mid-2014. And we announced yet again today a new $2 billion share repurchase authorization to be completed by December 31, 2020. So the team's done an amazing job on hitting on all cylinders. I'll let Derek now talk about – give you more details on those financials and Robert will give you more details on the operations and revenue performance.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah. And Jamie, look, I could be wrong on this, but I don't think it will make a big difference in the actual price, this implies. It would just be a delineation, and one that we'd need to be moving around, is fuel prices. We know the right answer is to price your product in line with your cost of production. And whether or not it's played out the fuel surcharge or not, as Robert says, the cost – what matters is what the customer's willing to bear. And we should – again, certainly, we should all work to set our prices accordingly. We can't – we can't...
William Douglas Parker: Yes. I don't know. I guess it's a fair question, but I don't think it's material. I don't think it'll have a material impact on revenues over time, and so it's not something that we've been pushing for.
William Douglas Parker: Jamie, we can't talk about why others may or may not change their capacity. If you're asking about...
William Douglas Parker: ...whether we think – if you're asking about whether we think the Basic Economy price is having an impact on ULCCs? Of course, it is. Well – but prior to Basic Economy, we were matching them across the board. So, and that was having an impact. The real impact on Basic Economy is back to 10 years, but we can actually – we have a product out there for those customers who don't want to purchase that product, where they can pay a little more and have a more – a slightly improved products or largely improved products. So anyway, that's helped us more than them. What is impacting ULCCs, I would imagine, is the fact that American and other airlines have dedicated themselves to making sure we're going into be competitive on price probably for – at any fair level they chose to go to. Jamie, left.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah. And like I said, Phoenix is doing well. And if you – relative to other hub performances, Phoenix is performing nicely, so nothing about that makes us think we should do – we should be doing anything with the Phoenix hub other than continuing to do much like it's doing today. We just think there's opportunities to doing more in Dallas and Charlotte.
William Douglas Parker: Yes. Thank you. That's a good question, and I try to answer – I can do it better now with a more direct question. The answer, yeah, we – yes, we – look, just yesterday, as we get ready for our earnings call, it's at a new fuel price, and it's gone up from two weeks we last did it enough that we begin like 12% since – in the last two weeks. So that led to the EPS guide, and we haven't yet made decisions on capacity that I talked about. But there won't be any, by the way, Hunter, for this summer, nor should there be. So to the extent there are going to be any – we'll look to do as we start to build our fall schedule and we don't have anything to report on that yet. So does it mean that we're – you should expect that if fuel prices stay here, we won't make changes. But it's also, there's nothing for us to tell you right now as to what those will be.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah, no. Sorry. I was just – Derek said no, and then I'll provide some color, which is – I mean, part and parcel of it, Jamie is...
William Douglas Parker: I'm sorry, yes. You have. I'm sorry, Hunter. So anyway, the – look, the question, of course, if you're asking about lower interest expenses is about (40:23). And we feel really comfortable with our capital structure. In good or bad times, that's why we have it set this way. The way we protect against bad times is by carrying a whole lot of cash, and we continue to do so. More than our competitors, we don't think the right thing for our shareholders is to go pay down incredibly efficient debt, and which is what we have right now. We're paying down – we pay down debt and have paid down all the higher cost debt, but the debt we're adding now is tied to – the other point I would make, of course, is we have much higher asset values than our other competitors because of the new aircraft. So there's a reason for the higher debt and it's financed – it really get rich, we think it's in the best interest of our shareholders to make sure that we avail ourselves of those rates certainly much lower than the cost of equity. And do so – and then to protect ourselves against any sort of downturn by holding more cash dollars. We like that structure, we think it's best for our shareholders, we think it's best for America and our team.
William Douglas Parker: I'll try. To be clear, when I said the capacity would adjust to higher fuel prices over time, I don't think they'll be less capacity. I think there'll be less capacity than there would have been otherwise. So it's hard to know what would have happened to capacity had fuel prices stayed where they were. But I do believe – and I would certainly agree with you, as fuel prices had risen, even through the back half of last year, I don't think you saw changes in people's capacity adjustment. My own personal view on that is, it ramped pretty quickly, and I don't know that everyone really believed that we're going to stay there. So if you're going to make capacity adjustments or – a lot – it requires some belief that out into the future, I think the belief out into the future about oil prices was probably one of – well, they ran up in a hurry, but there were a lot of fundamental reasons why they could go back to where they've been for the last few years. If indeed now we see they just continue to grow, I can tell you, I think, from our perspective and, therefore, I imagine for almost everyone, it leads you start questioning whether or not this is where we're going to be. This is where we are and there need to be adjustments, so that's what I think. I think you're going to see it run, and you can see changes that ran up in the back half of last year, largely because it was unclear as to whether or not that was the new normal. This is feeling somewhat more like the new normal. So we need to adjust our business plans accordingly.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah. Well, first up, to be clear, I wouldn't describe what we did as levering up to our stock. It is not what we did. We increased the debt on the company. And as we acquired new long-life assets, which were aircraft and we did that at really efficient rates. So, and at the same time, we had after earnings and making sure we're taking care of our team and taking care of the exceptional amount of pent-up demand for capital in this airline, after making sure we paid off all of our high-cost debt to the extent we still had cash in excess of what we thought was the extremely high level that we like to keep, we did of course what we always do, which is return it to our shareholders, and that remains the commitment. So, to the extent we have cash over and above what we believe the minimum is, having done all of those things, we'll continue return it to our shareholders. And we really – we try very hard to do it in an intelligent way. And there is no doubt that where the stock is today, it looks like a nice buying opportunity for American Airlines shareholders.
William Douglas Parker: Perhaps. Look, as we got – this may take a little longer than you wanted. Sorry. I got to separate the three, five, seven from like a near-term forecast versus what it really is. So what we have said and continue to say and continue to believe is that we have an airline that has steady-state earnings potential and at the current size of about $5 billion pre-tax per year. We believed that from about the time of the merger, it's been true in some years, not true in the last couple years that we made that or more. We continue to believe that's a good number. We believe in it so much that's how we set our annual incentive compensation for the executives of American Airlines. So if we make $5 billion pre-tax, then we have target bonuses for the team. If it's less than that, we pay less. If it's below $3 billion, there's no bonus. If it's as high as $7 billion, it's a maximum bonus. Those are not – so they're not just statements we make. Those are – that's how we compensate ourselves because that's what we believe. So then you ask – I think what you asked was, well, gee, why didn't your projections have higher fuel prices in it? We didn't go make that – we didn't go set that number based on projections of any given year. That's a – those are – that's a number again that we say should be true in kind of a steady-state year. So I guess a better – I prefer to answer the question this way, which is, well, then why in 2018, a steady-state year, because you just gave us earnings guidance which is lower than that. What I would tell you is, it's because fuel price alone is driving $2 billion higher expenses in 2018 than it did in 2017, a year where we made $4 billion. So that is what's driving us to not have 2018 currently forecast as one of those years. It's the increase in fuel prices year-over-year. And I do believe, as I said at the outset, that we have an airline that can make $5 billion at $75 a barrel oil. That's not the issue. This is a short-term, a more near-term issue. It happening so fast and going up so quickly. So but if everything stayed at this level, we still believe we have an airline that will make $5 billion in steady-state times.
William Douglas Parker: All right. Thank you very much, and thank you all for your interest. As always – if you – anybody has any questions you can contact the incredible media. If you have any questions, contact corporate communications. We appreciate your interest. Thanks.
Donald B. Casey: Yes. I mean the market, corporate market continues to be pretty competitive and we're seeing much stronger close-in unit revenue growth. And part of that is related to kind of corporate and business market. In the first quarter, our total revenue related to business travel, it's with our (24:54) corporates, was actually up 7%. So we're seeing quite strong demand. And part of that 7% growth was an increase in average ticket value. So we're seeing the yields and average values go up.
Donald B. Casey: Yeah. I'll finish that on the revenue management front. We made our first kind of major enhancement to our kind of coach cabin management system that we put in place in the middle of 2015. And we put that out of place late last year. And just this month, we moved our premium cabin controls to bid-price controls. This is going to enable the system to make much better network decisions at the individual flight level. As Robert mentioned, we had outlined $2.9 billion in revenue initiatives. Everything is on track, and people should really – I guess right at 60% of that benefit is going to improve in the – through 2019 to 2021.
Donald B. Casey: Yeah. This is Don. Yes, so our Basic Economy helps close-in revenue because many of our corporate customers are not buying Basic Economy, and they're buying up the higher fares where they were being able to buy at the Basic Economy level before we had the Basic Economy product. So part of our kind of strong year-over-year PRASM performance, again, when we get within 7 days departure of is related to the rollout of Basic Economy.
Donald B. Casey: Yeah, okay. On the first one, oil is our second largest expense, a material amount of our total expenses. So when it increases, the cost of air travel increases. So I do believe that consumers will pay more not so much but they will in fact demand in a material way. But that's what happens in most businesses as you're referencing. With your next question as the cost production goes up and indeed the cost of the product generally follows. So if indeed, this is where fuel prices against – I would expect you would see higher fares to consumers over time. On the second one Robert you go ahead.
Robert D. Isom: At the end of the day, it all hits the customer. And so it's a matter of being competitive in our offering. And so we're conscious of that. And we've got to be – ensure that we're incredibly competitive in terms of the pricing that we offer all-in.
Robert D. Isom: At least right now, I'd tell you, the two aren't connected. We know that we have profitable opportunities in the long run in DFW, and these additional gates which I think are going to create a nice regional opportunity and thereby also create some – free up some capacity for other main line aircraft as well. I think it creates a nice opportunity for the growth that we do have in the future. And as we take a look whether it's DFW or Charlotte, those are great opportunities for us to build on our strategy that we've outlined, which is to make sure that our network is focused on our hubs and gateways and that we expand the places where we have the greatest competitive advantage. And right now that is absolutely focused on DFW and Charlotte.
Robert D. Isom: We think that we're using the channel and the program appropriately. It's designed to attract and retain customers, and then a tremendous amount of utility is offered by expanding through the relationships that we've been able to establish with the co-brand cards and other partners. We look for opportunities, but we think we're making smart decisions. And in the areas that we see growth, especially with the co-brand cards, we think we're doing the right thing and are really confident in enhancements in those products that we see coming throughout the rest of this year and beyond.
Robert D. Isom: Sure. So first of all, just in terms of domestic performance, and as we look forward into the second quarter, we still seal expect our domestic unit revenue to be positive as we look into the second quarter. This will be the seventh consecutive quarter of positive revenue growth. Basic Economy will be a part of that. We rolled that out in September, so we're continuing to get the benefit of that as we roll through the second and third quarters this year. To be honest with you, we did not see any large impact related to United's rollout of Basic Economy. They did aggressively rolled up only at the fare ladder, when they rolled out in May. But by the time they got through the end of June, they had to have reverse that. And so we saw a little bit of benefit in the second quarter, very little in the third quarter, and so we don't see that as a material year-over-year impact. We just look at our own results.
Robert D. Isom: Right now as you know, we've recently rolled out into the Atlantic, and we're going to see how it does there and we do think that there's opportunity elsewhere, and it will just take time to see.
Robert D. Isom: Yes. On the second one – yes, the answer is we're constantly engaged with aircraft manufacturers, engine manufacturers – all suppliers and partners to find new and better ways to work. And so whether that's aircraft design and work on fuel burn on aircraft, and reducing weight, and making things easier to maintain and service – those are all things that we work on all the time.
