Devon May: Thank you, Derek, and good morning, everyone. Before we get into our guidance, I want to start by thanking Derek for his leadership over the past 20 years. I've had the privilege of working with Derek since 2002 when I joined America West Airlines. He has been a close brand and mentor during this time, and our airline is set up well for the future because of his leadership. I'm honored to be taking on the CFO role and being part of an incredible senior leadership team. I look forward to leading the finance team and building on the progress we've made on our financial priorities. For 2023, we will continue to size the airline for the resources we have with a focus on reliability and sustained profitability. We continue to expect to produce capacity that is 95% to 100% of 2019 levels or up approximately 5% to 8% year-over-year. We are on track to hire over 2,000 mainline pilots in 2023, and we expect to achieve our run rate level of training throughput in the back half of this year, allowing for further aircraft utilization improvements in 2024. We continue to expect regional pilot affordability to be constrained throughout this year and next. Demand for air travel strengthened as we went through 2022, and we expect industry revenue will return to its historical share of GDP in 2023. Given our level of capacity production, the strength of our network and industry supply constraints, we expect total unit revenue to be up low single digits year-over-year. For the full year, we expect CASMx to be up 2% to 5% versus 2022. These projections include the estimated impact of anticipated labor agreements, which account for roughly 3 points of CASMx fuel. For the full year, we expect to produce earnings of $2.50 to $3.50 per diluted share. Using the midpoint of that EPS guidance, we are forecasting operating cash flows of approximately $5.5 billion and free cash flow of nearly $3 billion. Looking to the first quarter, we expect to produce an operating margin of between 2.5% and 4.5% based on our current demand and fuel price forecast. And while we are eager to get new labor agreements ratified given where we are at in the quarter and the time required for ratification, we do not anticipate ratifying new contracts prior to the end of the first quarter. If that does occur, we will update our guidance accordingly. In the first quarter, continued strength in demand is expected to result in total revenue per available seat mile that is 24% to 27% higher year-over-year. Our first quarter CASM, excluding fuel and net special items, is expected to be flat to down 3% year-over-year. The current fuel forecast for the first quarter assumes a fuel price of between $3.33 and $3.38 per gallon and a full year price of between $3 and $3.10 per gallon. As Derek noted earlier, we'll continue to focus on debt reduction, and I'm proud of the progress we have made to date. In 2023, we expect to make further progress on our $15 billion debt reduction goal. We will use our free cash flow to pay down $3.3 billion in debt amortization this year, and we expect that by the end of 2023, we will have reduced total debt by $10 billion to $11 billion from peak levels in mid-2021. Based on the forecast I just provided, we expect that by the end of the first quarter, we will have lower net debt and better net debt to EBITDAR than we did at the end of 2019. And by the end of the year, we anticipate having the lowest net debt-to-EBITDA ratio we have had since 2017. In conclusion, in 2023, we will continue to focus on delivering on our stated objectives. We are set up to run a reliable airline, grow margins and strengthen the balance sheet. Importantly, American is uniquely positioned to deliver substantial free cash flow in 2023. The confidence in our ability to execute on these goals is due to our world-class network and incredible team. With that, let's open the line for analyst questions.
Devon May: Hi, Helane. Yes. This is Devon. That is what's happening with CapEx this year. So we're taking delivery of 23 airplanes, four of those are 788s, which are direct leased. So those four are not included in the CapEx guidance.
Devon May: Just really quick other comment on fuel price. So our -- fuel price forecast is based on Friday's close, where Brent was trading almost exactly where it's at today and then using the forward curve for Brent and he crack from there. So I think our forecast that we have delivered today is pretty much in line with where you always have or feel of that today.
Devon May: Yes, this is Devon. So just on cargo revenue, we are expecting it to be down slightly year-over-year. When it comes to non-op, the largest change we're seeing in non-op is due to a noncash pension credit that we got last year based on the prior year's market performance of our pension assets, and what were relatively low interest rates. This year, we saw interest rates increase. Pension assets came down and so this noncash credit that was fairly significant in 2022 is much smaller in 2023. And that's something that I'm sure you're hearing from other companies and seen in other industries.
Devon May: Yes. This year is a low point for aircraft CapEx. We'll see it come up a little bit next year and then get back to a type capital expenditures as we get out into 2024, 2025. In terms of financing, it's going to be dependent on where the market is at. And so -- yes, there is potential opportunity that we may pay cash for some airplanes, but it's dependent on what sort of free cash flow we are delivering and what sort of market rates we're able to achieve.
Devon May: Yes. I'd just say for aircraft utilization, we are just starting to approach historical levels. So just starting to approach our 2019 levels of aircraft utilization as we get through this year. So like we've talked about, this is a fleet that should be able to produce higher aircraft utilization than the fleet we had prior to the pandemic. Just recall prior to the pandemic, we had a lot of older aircraft, smaller sub fleets that have really high spare ratios. So even though we will likely put more into operational support than we would have planned to a year or two ago, we still think this is a fleet that can produce significantly higher utilization than what we're doing today.
Devon May: Yes. I think just as Robert said, there's certainly some more operating leverage in the business. And I'm asking specifically about the salary line or the training headwinds. I think that is absolutely a part of it as we get through this year and get our training throughput to a level that it should be. I think we are going to see some efficiencies on that side. Through the rest of the P&L, yes, there's opportunities as we increase aircraft utilization in areas like airport rent and landing fees, and that type of thing. 
Devon May: Yes. So that is the right calculation. So in the summer of 2021, when we had historically low interest rates, our pension obligation is obviously significantly higher. It's been around $2 billion at the end of 2022. By the end of 2025, where we've set our $15 billion goal is still right around that number, maybe a little bit lighter based on expected asset returns and the pension contributions going to make.
Devon May: We'll be hiring pilots throughout the year. We feel really good, though, about the hiring forecast we have and what we're expecting for training throughput. In terms of deliveries, as we talked earlier, we do expect to take 23 aircrafts this year. Those deliveries would be required to hit this plan. I think we've taken a pretty conservative approach to what we have for in-service dates. And we feel like this is the plan we're going to be able to hit.
Devon May: Yes. So we were hiring ahead of needs and training throughput as we got later in the year. So we did pause hiring for most of the month of December, I believe. That hiring has resumed here in January. Our expectations are we're going to hire around 2,000 pilots for this year and probably a little bit on the higher end as we get through the year and training capacity continues to increase.
Devon May: Okay. There's a lot to that. I'll say our treasury team right now, we have 23 deliveries, 12 of which are already financed. So our financing requirements for the remainder of this year, are pretty limited. But those are all the factors they're going to be looking at is what sort of rates are embedded in the operating leases that are in the market today, what the LTV, we can get on the debt. What's happening with the rest of the balance sheet and our free cash flow and they're going to make the right economic decision. So we have a great treasury team. They're looking at these remaining nine aircraft we need to finance for this year and looking out to 2024 as well.
Devon May: Yes. It's something that obviously, we expect is going to move around over the next handful of months. I don't have a number that I'm ready to give right here today, but it's something we're going to stay tight with. And we have a team that knows the market well.
Devon May: Well, you're right. I am happy that we're taking 23 airplanes and 12 of them are already financed this year. I will say we did go through a huge wave of investment prior to the pandemic. And over that period, I think that the timing is obviously fortunate we're in a nice economic environment, a really good environment for financing those airplanes. As we look out to this year, I don't think the timing of the deliveries as it sits today is too concerning with how we're going to finance the airplane -- more than anything, we just want to make sure the airplanes are delivered and in schedule so we can run a great operation and have really solid schedules for our customers. So what we've done on that front is we have planned conservatively within service base that we believe are coming in far later than when we'll actually take delivery of the airplane. And that's something that's going to be really great for customers.
Vasu Raja: Hi, Helane. This is Vasu. Yes is the short answer. We very much see it in bookings. It's -- we started seeing it, frankly, in Q4 of last year. In Q1, we see continued strength across all of the geographies that we have and that's continuing out into the summer. So we are very encouraged by the trends that we're seeing, all the more encouraged because it is coming often at lower cost of sale, and we're still filling business class cabins and things like that.
Vasu Raja: Absolutely. I would be happy to do that. Look, first of all, in our revenue forecast, we don't assume any change to some of the fundamentals of airline demand. We presume that airline industry revenues will regain its historical relationship with GDP, roughly about a point of percent. We also presume the same historical relationship between revenue and fuel prices. But what is very important is that as we've talked about for some time, what's different about us is that we have used the last few years to really materially change our network, our partnerships and our fleet and that really bleeds through in our forecast for next year. If you compare our capacity mix just in future schedules that we have published to what we did in 2019. We've taken 5 points of capacity out of our lowest RASM, lowest-margin long-haul flights, and we've grown 5 points of capacity in our highest-margin short-haul flights. Additionally, within the short-haul system, we've taken 5 points of capacity from some of our lowest performing, lowest RASM market and redeployed it into our Sunbelt hub, which are not just our highest RASM market, but some of the highest rosin markets in the industry. So when you think about that, that's 10 points of capacity mix that we've taken from truly the lowest RASM, lowest margin things and put into some of the highest margin things that that are out there. And you're seeing some of that trend already through '20. So that was a thing that have been in our past schedules. You see it in our quarter one schedules, and that drives a lot of our revenue performance.  Now to put that into a bit of focus, 10 points of capacity in an airline of our size. You can think of that as larger than just about any airline hub with the exception of DFW, Charlotte and maybe one or two other hubs that our competitors operate. So that is a material reworking of our airline network over the last few years. But what's just as important is how we have done it, which is really to a significant amount of fleet simplification. So we -- over the last few years, we've shed 50 long-haul capable airplanes, many of which were really inefficient, like the 757 to 767. We've up-gauged both the regional jet and the main lines that we've got. And we've simplified the airline down to four fleet types. So what that enables us to do is in the fleet that's left, we can much more dynamically alter schedules to follow where the demand is. But we can produce schedules that, as you heard David and Robert talk about, are a lot more operable and frankly, a lot more efficient. So we've seen the benefits of that in our recent revenue performance, and we anticipate the benefits of that in the year ahead.
Vasu Raja: Yes. Hey, Jamie, thanks for the question. Look, we don't see any recognizable benefit from what other airlines are doing. For us, it really is as simple as when we go put the flights in places people want to go and operate it well. The bookings come the revenue materializes. And there's really not a lot of facts that we can point to beyond that very simple truth.
Vasu Raja: Yes. So the short story is we do see an improvement in very many of our hubs as we've gone and restructured the network. And in some cases, like look, as you think about partnerships for us, we don't see those very differently from how we think about our own airline network. But when you put a codeshare flight number or an American Airlines operated flight number, it has the same effect of creating more network for customers, and there's a real benefit for it. But as much as anything -- there's two things going on. One, demographically, we see so much growth in the interior of the country. And two, what is really driving our hub profitability is for a great number of cities American Airlines has the best network for so many customers. There's 300 cities that we serve today. In 2019, we served roughly the same amount of cities. Most of our competitors have actually shrunk the number of cities that we've served. But furthermore, within the city that we have in about 200 of those 300 cities, we have a material schedule advantage to other airlines that operate there. So that creates an effect that is actually really beneficial across all of the hubs in our network, and indeed, some of how we see hub profitability and how these hubs work together has changed materially through the pandemic. And to my earlier comment, that's why we've restructured so much of the airline network as we have.
Vasu Raja: Jamie, you mentioned Los Angeles. So I'd like to pass you to expand on that a little bit. Look, in Los Angeles, we're within a limited amount of gates. And let's face it, we need to use those. We need to use those in a way that's profitable. We've taken a look at that. But we can tell you the kind of changes we make. Well, yes, look, in L.A. much like in New York, through our partnerships, we've been able to create something really cool for customers where -- if you think about it in the times past, we flew 50 seaters and small RJs in markets where we didn't really have a scheduled proposition for customers. And in both of those markets, take it L.A. and New York. Effectively, what we've done is we've turned 50 seaters, which are not particularly efficient and long haulers. 777s that are flying a whole lot further. So we've up-gauged in both of those markets materially. We've been able to use partnerships to go and offer a much broader network for customers. And now we're in this place where lo and behold, we're adding a third LA Heathrow because it's really -- to Robert's point, a very efficient way to go use gates and leverage what we've got with customers. In New York, so much of our growth is actually powered by long-haul flights that are flying within the partnerships that we have with Qatar, British Airways. And the net effect of that has been really positive outside of really good financial results, which we see in our revenue trends. For the first time ever, our top 2 markets for AAdvantage enrollments are New York and Los Angeles. We're signing up more credit cards there. We are originating -- we're having growing originating market share in those places. So a lot of what we've done is, frankly, up-gauge in those markets. We've gotten a lot smarter about what we do for customers. Yet at the same time, there are partnerships we can offer them so much more.
Vasu Raja: Yes. Scott, this is Vasu. I'll start. I think Devon we'll finish this one out. Look, First and foremost, as we're starting this year, we have been really encouraged by demand trends. Historically, the first three weeks coming out of the holiday season are our strongest sales weeks these first three weeks have been the strongest that we've seen in the post-merger airline. And we're really encouraged by that. And you see that, of course, in our TRASM guide out there. Now what is interesting though is as we are building first quarter, what is different from times past is we have been very conscious in Q1 about how we use the airlines resources. It's people, it's planes, it's facilities, everything, largely so that we can have as much of that capacity for the summer peak as possible. So when you look at our Q1, we have peaked the airline a lot less than what we had historically. It's at a lower percentage of Q2 than what it's historically been. And that's really a conscious design. And you see that is really what you see in our Q4 to Q1 change that's there. And that's sort of a unique thing. And to my earlier point, we don't presume any change to the historical relationship between airline revenues and fuel prices. But Devon may want to add more to that, too.
Vasu Raja: Yes. Hey, Mike, it's a great question. Look, I would actually even simplify it further. Look, in the airline network business, if you can offer something unique to the customer, they pay you a premium for it. It is as simple as that. And so -- and we see it time and time again, we've seen it do the pandemic the most unique thing we can offer customers is to take them to places where our competitors can't have better schedules than what our competitors can do. So as long as that's the case, we find that those routes regardless of whether customers purchase a transaction, which is first class or an economy or fly for leisure business, they always have yields that index to the top of our system. So if you think about us, right, to my earlier point, in 200 of the 300 cities that we serve in the Western Hemisphere, we have a material schedule advantage. But when you look at it on the number of origin and destination markets that we make and that turns into like something like 65% to 70% of our origin and destination markets. We have a material advantage over what our competitors are. That is what drives our revenue performance. And unsurprisingly, demand at large for the airline product is relatively inelastic. But in so many of those places, it is inelastic. We're also further benefited by just general trends that we're seeing so much of what is driving the economy and likely to continue to do so, are markets in the Sunbelt and the interiors of the country and less so the coastal markets, which creates an immediate benefit for American Airlines.  So we've benefited from that. We've benefited from how we can uniquely serve it, are likely to continue to be able to uniquely serve it. And when fuel prices rise, it's a really simple thing for us, with any number of ways to go and manage capacity down as the airline continues to produce.
Vasu Raja: Yes. Robert, it's 100% right. And -- so first, I'll say, for our customers at large, they clearly benefit from a better operation, and we see it -- for the year, we -- as Robert said, we posted our best likelihood to recommend scores by a meaningful amount in any time post-merger. And that's no action. That is the operation. But what's really important out there is, yes, many of our corporate partners are encouraged. But what's really important -- and this links back to some of the other questions is that also the marketplace has changed very meaningfully. As I mentioned on our last call, we see the same trends where roughly 30% of our revenues are coming from what we've historically called leisure. About 45% are blended trips. Only about 25% of what we've historically called business trips. And of that 25% -- historically, that number would have been about 35%. So it shifted a lot. And within the 25% only about 5 to 7 points of that are coming from contracted corporations. The rest are non-contracted, unmanaged businesses who are flying on us. And what we see amongst those contracted corporations is quite striking. Almost 2/3 to 75% of our corporate contracts are actually not fulfilling the terms of their contracts for understandable reasons. For so many companies, if you're struggling to bring people back to the office, it's hard to compel them to go do a day trip to Chicago or New York. And so we see that broadly. And so even though many customers are happy with our service and many corporate travel buyers are very happy with our service. The reality is same-day corporate business trips, which used to be 3% to 4% of our traffic is less than 1% of our traffic. And that's been out there for a while, and we are planning that that's going to be the new one.
Vasu Raja: Yes, we are seeing some changes in customer behavior. People are -- especially leisure travelers are looking even further out. We see that the blended customers are also much more willing to book further out. And third, we see that customers, especially blended customers or people purchasing a blended trip are more willing to buy higher-value fair products and shop direct with us. So we continue to see a world where roughly 60-ish percent of our revenues are coming direct to us through our dotcom and mobile app, and we see that continuing to grow. Furthermore, as those blended trips come in to our, as we call them, owned channels, 70% of the people shopping for the lowest fare end up buying a higher fare than that. So we're encouraged by that. And then as far as where people are flying, I suppose that's pretty simple, too. They're flying everywhere they possibly can, except for places in Asia.
Vasu Raja: Thanks, Mary. This is Vasu. And I'll answer the questions in reverse order. First, look, there is -- we do see a meaningful change in the trip purposes that people are booking that there's a lot more blended trips even so many people who are searching for what conventionally would have been a business style itinerary. We see it in our dot-com end up selecting something which is pretty unconventional or they stay a Saturday night or they book another person for a midweek trip or something like that. So we do see that. And our credit card partners at Citi see the same thing, too, that demand for travel is still a really strong category and as preserved -- a travel at large has preserved its relationship with GDP, if not somewhat grown a little bit. So that -- there is a meaningful thing we're coming out of the pandemic. There's clearly a value the consumer is placing on travel. Then as far as how layoffs are impacting things, look, what's really important to note about business travel is -- yes, it's 25% of our revenues, but those companies are intending to do the largest the biggest, largest ones tend to buy on a corporate contract. And that's -- so much of that business just really hasn't recovered. And we haven't built an airline plan around it. However, non-contracted business is 100% recovered, contracted business is about 75% recovered. And we don't presume that it grows much further than that. So we aren't seeing a really significant impact, but we also aren't building a plan based on a lot of that demand returning.
Vasu Raja: It's hovered in the -- sorry, Mary. It's hovered in the 75% to 80% range. And to be conservative, we build our plan around the lower end of that.
Vasu Raja: We're really -- this is Vasu. We're really excited for the new High-J product. Our customers love our new business class. And we've gotten great feedback as we've shared concept designs with some of our most loyal customers and our flight attendants. But we haven't yet determined a number of things with how it operates, where it operates, things like that too. So it's a little bit premature right now.
Vasu Raja: Thanks for the question. We don't comment on fair and competitive scheduling trends. But I will say we are really encouraged with the demand trends that we see and are very confident in the airline we've set up to go and take care of our customers along the way.
Robert Isom: Catherine, thanks. Hey, we're really proud of the operating performance. I'll tell you, it's something that we've been working on a long time. And it starts with making sure that we have the resources available to fly the schedule and we don't put out a schedule that we're not confident that we can really fly. That's where we start. And then, yes, it's investments in so many different places. We benefit from having the youngest, most efficient fleet of aircraft. We spent a tremendous amount of time investing in technology to make sure that we can identify where our crews and our planes and our maintenance requirements are. But really, I want to give credit to the team here. We have so much experience on board that we're just really watchful, and it all came together over the holidays. The investments that we've made, the team that we have out there, making sure that we have the right schedule. I've got David Seymour here as well. I probably want to add to it. Look, there's a lot of good decision-making going on out there, too. 
Robert Isom: And Catherine, it just -- it speaks to what we're going to be focused on going forward as well. It's still reliability and profitability here, and we're going to try to get better every day. Today, we have another 5,000-plus flights and 0.5 million customers that we have to service. And so we make it make it our business to take care of people every day. So we're back out there in business. .
Robert Isom: Yes. Mike, thanks for that. And yes, we're in a environment of a lot of constraints coming out of the pandemic. We certainly saw everything last year, it's just things that we never thought we would have issues with pillows and link is in food and fuelers and things like that. We've gotten our arms around a lot of that. But what we have now is aircraft manufacturers that are just starting to get their feedback under them. I mentioned that Boeing is starting to deliver aircraft to shout out to the Boeing team and Dave Calhoun, we need them to keep it up. But there's constraints out there in terms of engines and aircraft. With -- at American right now, we have really an issue with regional aircraft and then some issue with mainline aircraft. On the regional side, it's largely a pilot constraint. And we're not flying the fleet that we'd like to. Vasu would actually like to deploy more aircraft. Now on that front, it's pretty explainable. It's just a shortfall in pilots. We didn't attract people into the business for a couple of years. And we're working our way through that as we have retirements that are coming out the other side. American took the monumental step last year of greatly increasing regional pilot pay. And I think that, that is the biggest thing that any company can do and has done to actually get the pump prime and people flowing back in. And we're seeing that. We're seeing that we've stabilized the pilot ranks at our regionals, and we see potential growth as we come through the end of the year. Now from a mainline perspective, look, we're going through the greatest training cycle of pilots that we've ever experienced. We had, I think, almost 900 retirements last year, probably nearly the same number this year. So we're stretching our training resources like we've never before. But fortunately, we plan for this. And so from an equipment perspective, like simulators, we've got those in place. One of the things that we're really working on is to make sure that we have the people resources and having the check pilots that we need to really address all of our training needs. And I'm hopeful that as we work with the APA and we get a new contract, but we'll be able to give even more flexibility. But overall, I do see from a mainline perspective, we should be through the constraints that related to pilots as we progress through the year. Regionals probably take a couple of years. But as we said, we have aircraft that we can deploy and will, and it's going to be done in a very efficient fashion. You mentioned some other areas that are absolutely positively out on the horizon, the large airports all have constraints, whether that's at the gate or on the airfield. And then we have aerospace issues. That clearly, we need to address. And that's going to take leadership. And fortunately, we're working with the DOT and FAA. And I know that the Secretary Buttigieg has an interest like we all do in making sure that we can invest for the future. And it's going to take a long-term view. But overall, look, these constraints right now are things that we're managing through. I think it bodes well, at least from a demand environment and being able to ensure that we can achieve profitability. And over the long run, we're going to make sure that we have a business model that works in any demand environment with any set of constraints.
Robert Isom: And in maintenance. When you have aircraft that sit on the ground, especially within our regional fleets, it's not as if those don't require maintenance. So look, the fleet meant to be flown and whether it's things like rents and landing fees, maintenance, those are the areas that I would probably look to most as being opportunities for us to see much greater efficiency.
Robert Isom: Yes. And Andrew, that's -- look, this is -- Vasu and Devon get together to build the network and work with David and see more on our operating capacity. We're being really mindful of making sure that we have the resources to fly the schedule. So there's a confidence factor that we're using in that as well.
Robert Isom: Ravi, thanks for that question. The answer to that is, look, we've been really pleased with the work that we've done throughout the pandemic and setting American up. And the answer to your question is yes, we're going to get out and make sure that people know our story. More details on that as time progresses, but you'll hear more from us on that.
Robert Isom: Hey, Claire, I'll just start. Look, our primary focus is making sure that we run the best airline we possibly can. That's the way that ultimately we address customers' needs and ensure that our customers are being treated fairly. Of course, we'll work with government authorities to make sure that we're taking care of people in the right fashion. Nate, do you want to add anything? No? Good. Okay. 
Robert Isom: Yes. And we continue to work with both Airbus and Boeing to make sure that we encourage them in an appropriate fashion to deliver on time. And I know that they're working hard to make sure that they can meet our needs.
Robert Isom: Hey, Kyle, I'll just start on this. Look, it's really unfortunate that we've had to reduce service anywhere most especially to some of the smaller communities. That's certainly a result of the issues that we faced with pilot staffing at our regional airlines. As I mentioned before, we're working really hard on it. American, I think, has taken the biggest step to get people into the industry of anyone, and I know others have followed us there. That's going to have an impact. We've seen the benefits of those efforts, and we're stabilizing the fleet, and I think that we just grow back from here. 
Robert Isom: Yes. So I think from a regional perspective, it takes time to get people back into the industry. But again, for anybody that is listening and reading, it's a great time to come into aviation. These are careers. Our pilot careers are ones that are -- can be great quality of life, and also very lucrative as well. And so I think it's an opportunity that as we look to the future, that there are communities that haven't typically been places where we sourced pilots that we're going to look to in the future, we're showing great progress in hiring pilots of color and also female pilots. And I look at that as an opportunity going forward that's going to greatly benefit and really change the face of our flight crews and really looking forward to it. I think it's something that's probably over the course of the next couple of years.
Robert Isom: Ted, great to hear from you. Let me just start with this. I'm really pleased with profitable quarters and producing a profit for the full year in 2022. The things that we've talked about doing are the right things. Getting customers to where they want to go, having the broadest network and doing it in a fashion that can produce profits, pay down debt is exactly where we need to go. And off of that platform, I see great things. But what you're going to see from us as certainly in the near term is more of the same, intense focus on reliability and profitability and accountability. And for our customers, that's going to mean we're going to deliver for them, deliver with the best network that Vasu has talked about, making sure that we have a travel rewards program that's best in the industry. We're going to operate with excellence, and it's going to require even greater planning and day-to-day execution. And when things don't go right, and let's face it. We're in a business where all sorts of things can happen. We got to be the best at recovering and you're going to see us continue to invest in that. And along the way, we have the opportunity to really make better use of technology to further digitalize our operations and our customer experience. And Ganesh Jayaram, who's our new CIO, has been charged with executing exactly that. and ultimately, put this all together in a business model that is incredibly efficient improves margins and reduces debt. That's what we're focused on right now. I want to keep the team and their head in the game every day. And really excited about what that means for the future because I do think it means that American is not just more competitive out in the marketplace, but we're going to be more competitive in terms of stock performance as well.
Robert Isom: Ted, just first off, just in terms of ego around here, look, we are focused on business and really making sure that we have the capacity to address the opportunities in the marketplace. American has been around for 96 years now. We're coming up on our 100th anniversary in 2026. And I want American to be the airlines that meet the needs of our customers, our communities and our shareholders as well. And so we're focused on that right now. And look, we're really encouraged by what we're seeing.
Robert Isom: Thanks for that. Thanks, everybody, for listening in. Look, American is in a position of strength, especially as we take a look at coming out of the pandemic. We're poised to recover. We're going to focus on our goals, reliability, profitability, making sure that we reduce our leverage and put American in a position to take advantage of opportunities that come about. We're really encouraged by the results and excited about the opportunities ahead. Thank you very much.
