Scott Kirby: Thanks, Derek, and I’d like to start by thanking all the people of American Airlines for the great job they continued doing operationally during the difficult first quarter and effectively managing all the change we have, like re-banking two hubs during the middle of some challenging weather events. On the revenue front, our first quarter PRASM was down 1.7%, the stronger U.S. dollar had over a one point impact on our system PRASM declining international surcharges had a 0.4 point impact on system PRASM and Venezuela was approximately a 0.5 point drag on system PRASM. Domestically the PRASM was down 1%, which given the significant capacity -- competitive capacity growth we have seen in Dallas and some of our other markets, a small decline in Q1 PRASM is indicative of healthy underlying domestic demand. Across specific PRASM was down 7% on 36% capacity growth. Currency and surcharge changes had a particularly large impact in this region and given our level of capacity growth combined with the currency effect we continue to be pleased with absolute demand at Asia.  Latin was down 6% but it really is the tail of Brazil and Venezuela versus the rest of Latin America. Despite double-digit industry growth Mexico and the Caribbean were essentially flat on RASM, meaning that demand grew rapidly to keep pace with the large capacity increase. Argentina appears to be recovering, leading to positive year-over-year PRASM but we experienced large PRASM declines in Brazil and Venezuela. And finally the Atlantic was our strongest region for PRASM, up 3% year-over-year. In the Atlantic we were also pleased with the absolute demand given the currency and capacity headwinds. We made some significant progress this year on integration and some of the recent integration highlights, which Doug talked about as well included our pilots ratified a new five year contract, we received our single operating certificate from the FAA on the very day and schedule that we originally planned a year and half ago and we have successfully completed one of the most technically difficult integration projects that we have to do and we combined into a single frequent flyer program and we rebanked both the DFW and Chicago hubs and our teams are doing a great job operationally so far with the new schedule.  We have a lot more hard work left in 2015, including combining to a single reservation system in the fourth quarter, so we can’t rest on our laurels but we are very proud of all that the AA has done so far and the first few months of 2015 saw us achieve some significant integration milestones. Turning to the outlook going forward, the comps are more difficult in the second quarter than any other quarter this year. We also have some big headwinds including an expected two point system PRASM impact from currency, 0.7 point impact from the continuing decline in international surcharges and 0.5 point impact from Venezuela. And of course the continuing pressure from industry capacity growth in all regions.  At American we saw the supply demand imbalance beginning to build last year and have now reduced our international capacity versus prior guidance for four quarters in a row. And while our proactive approach to international capacity is helping our PRASM result it's not enough to overcome the currency and capacity headwinds. Given all of this we expect PRASM to be down in all regions of the world with the largest declines occurring in the Pacific and Latin America and we forecast that our overall system PRASM will be down 4% to 6% year-over-year in the second quarter.  As we move beyond 2Q, the comps do get easier and we'll overlap the Venezuela drawdown, so all of us [indiscernible] would expect the year over year -PRASM comparisons to improve as well. While we never like to see negative PRASM we do believe that demand remains fundamentally strong in almost all areas of the world with the exceptions of Brazil and Venezuela. Currency and surcharge changes unfortunately mask some of that core demand strength and high single digit capacity growth in all region pressures otherwise growing demand that while healthy is not growing as fast as capacity.  In conclusion we're very encouraged with the operating integration and financial results at American Airlines and while there are some near term capacity and currency headwinds, demand environment remains strong and we remain positive about the long term demand trends. 
Scott Kirby: Yes, we could operate out of La Guardia and our views on LaGuardia perimeter rule are that the facility we have a challenge handling all the customers we have in the facility today. And if the perimeter rule is lifted we would have a lot of large aircrafts with long haul flying out of LaGuardia of course. And so we need the facility to be prepare to handle those customers before you really even consider to enter. So I think our issue is mostly focused on the logistics of having the facility able to handle that number of people before you -- before you consider changing the parameter rule and having a much higher volume of customers. 
Scott Kirby: So I think there are a lot of synergies and I know that there are a lot of synergies in our numbers today. Although some of the big ones won't come until after we get to a single reservation system. So some of the biggest things are the connectivity of the network, moving aircraft around re-gauging the airline and putting the right sized aircraft in the optimal market, those kinds of revenue synergies can't occur until after you get to single operating certificate or a single reservation system in the fourth quarter. So those things are yet to come but they probably won't be third quarter impacts, they will be 2016 impacts. 
Scott Kirby: So the deferrals have absolutely nothing to do with the seat manufacture. We think it will be back on time long before these aircrafts are delivered. And so this is all about trying to do more to match supply to demand. And while we haven’t given 2016 capacity guidance I mean clearly we’ve been -- it’s the fourth quarter in a row we’ve been ahead of the view of supply and demand not being in balance or being imbalanced and so I think that philosophy will continue to guide us as we move into 2016. The only thing we’ve done that’s concrete so far is this pushing back aircraft deliveries but we’ve actually accelerated retirements of some of other aircraft MD 80s and 767s which will impact 2016 capacity and we’ll have more to come on 2016 capacity but that -- as long as we look at a world where supply and demand are out of balance and you’re having negative PRASM our bias will certainly be to the downside. 
Scott Kirby: Well, the restructuring will continue in terms of going from 50 seaters to 76 seat aircraft and so that so -- is going to run and will continue over the next at least 12 to 24 months. 
Scott Kirby: I don’t know it is hard to sort that, it’s a such a big decline that I am not sure if it is incremental demand weakness or just the year-over-year effect. But it is clearly -- got some challenges right now.
Scott Kirby: It is certainly less of the headwind, the capacity issue and the selling in bolivars issue is less of a headwind. By the time you reach the third quarter and by the time you are at third quarter that will be the kind of organic question you are asking of what’s happening to demand and I suspect that Venezuela will still be down on a RASM basis because it has got incrementally weaker but the impact that our system will be a whole lot smaller than it’s been for the last 12 months. The year-over-year impact will be much smaller. Even though it maybe down a lot, it will be on much more capacity base and it will be down less than it was in first quarter and second quarter because you won’t have the bolivar dollar ticket selling issue.
Scott Kirby: So we cut capacity to Brazil or to Venezuela by over 70% and we've cut capacity to Brazil about 20%. So we've done that and to this point not a lot more left to have to come from American Airlines. 
Scott Kirby: Well, I think Up-gauging within a class makes all the economics sense in the world for an individual airline. But going from 50 to 76 seats, going from an A-320 to an A-321, up-gauging in terms of wide body size 787-8 to -9 because the marginal cost of those is much lower. We're talking about going between classes. We certainly aren’t going to spring wide bodies out [ph] domestically. It's lower cost to provide two narrow bodies than it is to provide a single wide body for the same amount of seats.  So that's not something that we're planning to do. But we are doing the same thing as others on -- as we get to trend that and it's really the higher profitability. It is pressuring RASM, on the cost system but we will get -- every airline is supporting record profitability in the first quarter and second quarter for the full year. And one of the things that's helping everyone report profitability, record profitability is up-gauging and getting more seats on aircraft. It's also one of the important ways that we can compete more effectively with ultra-low cost carriers. There is real advantages cramming as many seats as possible on an airplane. So we fly bigger airplanes and spread the cost of flying the aircraft out over more seats, it makes us that much more competitive with ultra-low cost carriers.
Scott Kirby: It would be both, it’s been on the international side but overall capacity has come down four quarters in a row from our prior guidance. 
Scott Kirby: No, it’s really more the former, that while demand is still growing it’s not growing as fast as supply. 
Scott Kirby: Well we certainly hope so. We will have to get there and when we start getting to a point in time where fuel prices are up year-over-year, that really means is we will have to have RASM growing and because that’s just the way math works. We will have to get to a world where RASM is growing and I hope that will be a guess.
Scott Kirby: Well we there’s all kinds of things we do to try to manage the business and have always historically done to try to increase revenues and we will continue to do all of those things. It is not just about capacity, we will continue to -- we will continue -- we will get synergies from the merger, we will continue to have -- win new customers from the great product that we are putting out there. And there is a lot of things that we can do that are independent of the macroeconomic environment to make American Airlines a better airline, the preferred airline of our customers and that can lead to higher revenues even if we have macroeconomic challenges.
Scott Kirby: So I may have answered this question less directly to one of the analysts that I thought it was referring to -- though he didn’t say DFW and the short answer is no. We are not planning to cut capacity in DFW markets. What actually might have happened is when fares go down one, these are all important markets for us, profitable markets, markets that are critical, the DFW hubs that connect customers from all the other destinations we fly and there is no chance that you pull any of these roots out the network.  So why is that happening is you have lower fares, you will see you have absolute levels of demand that are higher. So at lower prices economics one-on-one you have more customers that want to buy the ticket at those prices and so you have more people showing up. So typically what happened is in many of these routes we’ll wind up actually having more having more capacity not by adding more frequencies or adding more flights but by simply up-gauging to larger aircraft, that these are [indiscernible] as we are taking more large aircraft like A321 and as we do that we have the opportunity to put them in routes and serve a larger segment of the customer in those markets. So no chance to reduce -- no plans to reduce capacity in those markets.
Scott Kirby: Yeah, I don’t know if it is promotional or if it’s permanent, I tend to be more in the camp of this is the new equilibrium point when the supply curve moves that much, economics one-on-one the price, the clearing price changes and I tend to think that we are near the clearing price. I don’t know if we, for sure we are not, but we are pricing to the demand and supply as it exists in the market today.
Scott Kirby: No change to Japan that we have, and Venezuela capacity cuts were last year in the third quarter of last year and Brazil has been coming online in the beginning in the third quarter, really fourth quarter of last year through today.
Scott Kirby: If there was we wouldn't be able to tell you in advance if they are but there is nothing loaded or planned. 
Scott Kirby: Those routes are doing really well and we're happy with them and that's at best very imperfect to way judge a route performance. It depends on what the fares are in the market and in particular how much premium business, you look at market like Hong Kong actually and it’s our best premium market across the Pacific. So those routes are performing above expectations and we're happy with how they're doing. 
Derek Kerr: Yes, I think as we go through this, as I said earlier that we do, as you said too, is make sure we get done with the integration. So we have set aside a certain amount of cash to get through the integration. We do have a lot of aircraft coming in. So we do want to have cash to pay for that aircraft and then past that, I mean as you saw in the first quarter and you've seen what we have done over the last, since the merger, buying back in over 20 million shares, we do plan on returning cash to the shareholders.  We did do $190 million in the first quarter and we do have the $2 billion program that's out there and we plan to do that over the next two years. So we do -- that is our plan, how fast we do that is a question but as of right now we want to keep more cash than we need to get through the integration and get through the merger and then begin doing that. But you've seen we've done a significant amount, over $2 billion worth of share repurchases going back, including all of the other things that we've done. So we plan on doing it and we plan on continuing to return throughout the year. 
Derek Kerr: We have a fleet plan and we're going to stick with it. We have a lot of aircraft on order to replace all of our older MD 80s, 75s and 76s, have plans in place and we plan on going down that path. We have enough aircraft on order for replacement and that's the method we're going to go down for the next three or four years. 
Derek Kerr: I think our value [ph] in the WTC transaction it was around 80% of the aircraft. So I think I would use that number as you move forward. What we have in the cash flow guidance today is only transactions that have been completed versus transaction that are contemplated just so you have the right numbers in there. But the run rate that we did in the first quarter on those deliveries is probably a pretty good run rate going forward.
Derek Kerr: Well, corporate demand is strong. Revenue results are down at Dallas because of the capacity situation, fares are down and there is a lot more competitive capacity. So revenue is down but corporate demand in total is strong and given the capacity situation in Dallas, I think we view demand in Dallas as strong as well. 
Derek Kerr: It's too early for us to try to measure the revenue impact there particularly when the first two weeks of it are overlapping last year, and a change in the Easter. So it's early to measure the revenue impact and probably too early to really measure the cost impacts. Operationally I'll let Robert talk. 
Derek Kerr: And Joe, this is Derek, from a cost standpoint we added costs into those areas which is built into our CASM guidance or about there. It's probably about a quarter point of CASM with the headcount and another things that we put out at those airports. So that is already build into all the guidance that you have from our kind of CASM numbers. 
Derek Kerr: I guess it depends on, I’d say the final change from -- we're competing using a lot more of the tactics, I think that perhaps we had used it US Airways where we had a bigger overlap with low cost carriers than American did. So probably as a level that is more aggressive perhaps in terms of competition. But were you really using a similar playbook that we used there but we were -- we had a whole lot more low cost carrier competition than American had had historically and now our network at American looks a lot more like level of competition that US Airways used to have particularly because of the changes here at Love Field. 
Derek Kerr: Yes, I think we're going to take a view and look at that at the end of the year. So I think that is probably the timeframe. We want to get through the integration and get through the res migrations, which happens in the fourth quarter and then I think for modeling purposes I believe the val allowance will probably be reversed at the end of the year and then have book taxes in 2016 but no cash taxes until the NOL of about $10 billion runs off. 
Derek Kerr: This is Derek. We put aside cash to integrate the airline and we said it was going to be $1.2 billion, $1.25 billion to integrate the airline. We still got a lot of work to do. We still got a lot of integration to complete, a lot of capital to deploy, as we re-do the hubs and things that we just, that we've talked about earlier. So a lot of that cash is earmarked for those kind of things as we move forward and is built into our long range plan, which would have us elevated levels this year and maybe a little bit into next year. 
Derek Kerr: It's hard to say long term when we're so focused on the near term again through integration. Other airline, you can look where other airlines, again similar size to us what their ratios are and my guess is they're being prudent. So you could view that perhaps as a prudent level but we haven't come to such conclusion yet. We're focused right now in going through the integration. 
Derek Kerr: Yes, it was a little over a point for currency and about half a point, I think four points in the first quarter for surcharges. 
Doug Parker: Well to your last question, no, you shouldn't model anything and we're working even more closely with British Airways on ways to improve the profitability of the joint venture. We do have a disagreement to this issue but it doesn't have -- has no effect on our relationship or certainly on our -- on the joint venture. This is -- and as to whether or not Americans are reluctantly holding hands, no we're all in on this. We think the situation in the Middle East is serious and needs to be addressed and if it's not addressed it could have material consequences to our industry overtime.  We believe it will be addressed so all those things and BA just has a different perspective for different reasons but the other European carriers have seen severe impact to their profitability because of the growth of these subsidized airlines and we don't care to see that happen in the United States. So that's our position, we're all in all on it but it has no impact whatsoever on our relationship with British Airways. 
Doug Parker: I don’t have a forecast for Q3, so can’t really specifically comment on that. But Trans-Atlantic, even in 2Q, which has the big bump in the competitive capacity out of Heathrow, in particular and also has the headwinds from the currency, we expect to kind of be neck-in-neck for being the best region in the world, tied with domestic for us. And so it’s certainly not inconceivable it would be positive in 3Q but we just don’t have a forecast that’s very accurate that far out. 
Doug Parker: Well, we look at everywhere and look at every market that we serve but when you look at the competitive markets for competitive capacity, our capacity is up, they’re probably not the kind of markets where we’re going to cut just because they are highly profitable markets and they are places that when you have a lower fares, actually demand is higher. So it’s fine, happens in the normal kind of schedule review process in some of those markets while we don’t add flights we would have a tendency to up-gauge flights so a 737 becomes an A321 and so those markets typically just in the normal course process become higher capacity markets. That’s capacity that moves from some of the markets into those markets just because absolute demand in terms of number of customers is higher.  So we haven’t done that, we don’t have specifics yet for domestic market but I’d be surprised if we had a material change in the domestic markets. We’re much more focused on the international. 
Doug Parker: Thanks Helane, thank you. The thoughts are, one it seems to be that my compensation should be paid in the same currencies we ask our shareholders to accept because we should have interests that are highly aligned. In the end I think though to the extent you all can infer [ph] what this means, I think it’s one more piece of the evidence that it’s been really different this time and investors keep asking is it really different this time, you guys have said in the past, everything you get profitable so this is [ph] times you remain profitable. I wouldn’t be doing this if I thought we were still the same order line business because it is not and I don’t think anybody, I don’t think any executive over the last 15-20 years would have been willing to take all their compensation in equity because we all knew the equity had an enormous risk, we are not suggesting there is not still risk in the airline stocks but we are really bullish on what the outlook is for years to come.  So I am more than happy to be compensated the same way you are.
Doug Parker: No, I am just kidding. It is not the same. It is nothing like what we saw in the past when airlines got first with the profitability and then use that to say well, I had, if I could be profitable with 100 airplanes just think how profitably it would be with 150. This is what’s going on now again we can only now look at it and say the demand is growing faster -- I mean supplies is growing faster than demand and in some cases it is. But the rates of growth we are taking about are nothing like we see in the past.  Where the growth comes from is nothing like we saw in the past, and people aren’t looking to start up new hubs in different parts of the country. People are growing their strength into markets. Again maybe in excess of the near-term demand but that’s nothing like what we saw in the past and where you just saw all these wild changes in year-over-year profitability we will find out when you get in the next down cycle but I am really confident that what we’ll see is, yes, still a cyclical business but the peaks are much, much higher than they were before and therefore the troughs are going to be really much, much higher and I think the swings are going to be much less.
Doug Parker: It’s Doug. Look we would just encourage you not to make strong conclusions based on the quarterly reports of our share repurchases. The facts are we have announced a very large share repurchase program. We demonstrated overtime our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. But look for obvious reasons we got to be careful what we disclose about the program and what our intent is on the program, what we will disclose is how much we actually purchased each quarter and that’s what we can do. But know this we are not going to be systematic or ratable in our purchases quarter-by-quarter but we are absolutely committed to returning excess cash to shareholders because it is your cash. But really we just ask you not try and make strong conclusions based on quarterly reports on the program.
Doug Parker: Okay, it was my turn again, anyway I have reasonably strong views on this. So our view is that the best thing for our shareholders is not to go try and target any particular debt-to-equity ratio, target rating. That’s not to suggest to the rating agencies or to our debt holders that we are not concerned about such things. What we know is though in our business, certainly at American it seems at this point in time that the right thing is to be, given that we can borrow at the rates we are borrowing, which don’t seem to reflect the credit rating that we have today.  We think the right thing to do is to borrow, certainly on aircraft which is the debt we have coming, or as much as we can and because the rates we are getting are sub-4% and borrow at those rates and continue to lever, if you will, and it’s to the extent -- because we can generate higher returns than that for our shareholders. And with the cash that we don’t -- though we are generating returns which we return to our shareholders because [ph] you can generate higher returns than that.  So that’s our view on this that the -- this focus on de-levering and could be contrary to our shareholders’ best interest. So our goal is to make sure that we are actually doing this intelligently and making sure that to the extent that we have the ability to borrow at rates below what we can earn or that we can return to you, we should continue to borrow irrespective of what that may do to some ratio. So anyway that’s a long winded way trying to answer your question Daniel but we are not heavily focused nor we can give targets to you on credit ratios.
Doug Parker: This is Doug. To be clear we haven't said that the existing level is the right level. We said all the while it was simply that we think we -- which is accurate we believe as we go through integration we should hold more than other airlines our size or relative or similar sizes we're not trying to suggest that the existing level is the proper level, that’s really sure. I just want to be clear on that. That's not the point we're trying to make, it’s simply that we should be holding more than others as we go through integration and they aren't. 
Doug Parker: Mike, I can’t agree with you more and you said it better than I did. If -- I'm sure I said what you said is which is we won’t know next recession that, what I believe is we will prove it in the next downturn. What I believe is what you just said, which is if anyone doesn’t believe it yet, we’ll prove it in the next downturn, is what I was trying to communicate. I believe exactly what you just said, which is anybody that really takes the time to study the industry and where it is now versus where it’s been in the past knows that it’s different.  I certainly know that it’s different therefore I'm confident doing what I have done. And I think not to suggest that people that first thing I'm not sure yet, I haven’t studied that properly but I think I just want it heard [ph] to look at what’s happening today versus what’s happened in the past and not come to conclusions it is different. Where the level of earnings is much higher than it’s been in the past and it’s unclear. I don’t think this is peak.  So the peaks are certainly higher and the volatility is less and the things that we worry about are much less dramatic than the kinds of things we worried about in the past, in terms of supply versus demand growth. So I'm with you completely and like I said you said better than I did. So I wasn’t trying to congest that this is an open question in our mind and we’ll find out in the downturn, what I meant to say what I should have said was it has changed and if you don’t believe it yet I guess we have to wait until there’s a downturn to prove it to you, but we’ll prove it to you then. But those who figure out now will reap the benefits of that instead of ebbing away. 
Darryl Genovesi: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess just one for Scott. Some of the U.S. Airlines are taking the domestic up-gauging strategy a little bit further than just adding some line seats and replacing 50 seaters with 76 seaters. I guess you've had the 717s coming in at Delta and then United, I guess now bringing in 757s and in particular the 777 in the domestic market. At what point do we start to worry that the domestic up-gauging is going too far and I guess are you contemplating any similar moves to perhaps bring more wide bodies into the domestic market. 
Darryl Genovesi: Great, thanks for that. And then I guess Derek, maybe just if you wouldn’t mind can you provide an update on I guess the current view on when, if you even have a current view on when you might think about reversing the valuation allowance on the NOL. 
Darryl Genovesi: Okay, and then on the fuel guidance I guess fuel has been pretty volatile here. I guess I was expecting it to move up a little bit more than it did. Can we think of this fuel market being kind of as of today, or is this sort of already stale just because of some of the volatility we've had in recent days. 
