Scott Kirby: Thanks, Derek. And as always, I’ll take a minute to talk briefly about our operational results and then turn to the revenue environment. We’re extremely proud of our team who continue to run a superb operation in the Q3. The operational numbers are so good that I’m running out of superlatives to compliment the people of US Airways, but we were #1 in MBR, which is mishandled baggage rate, for each month in the quarter; #1 for departures within zero; and consistently at the top of the industry ranking in all operational metrics. So the team accomplishing all this and keeping a lid on expenses at the same time. Turning to the revenue environment, during the Q3 our total RASM increased 15%, the past year RASM increased 14.4%. Compared to 2008, our Q3 RASM was still down 4%, though of course Q2 and Q3 of 2008 represent the all-time high for airline revenues as the economy was strong and airlines responded to high fuel prices with aggressive price increases. Revenue at an industry level continues to be down almost 10% compared to 2008, but the RASM results are down slightly less due to the 5% reduction in capacity over the last two years. The Q3 was largely a continuation of the revenue environment that we experienced in the Q2, neither an acceleration nor a deceleration in the revenue trends. For some regional color, trans-Atlantic RASM was up 32% and domestic was up 11%; versus 2008, trans-Atlantic was down 6% compared to 2% domestically. As we move into the Q4, the comps get more difficult across the board, particularly for international markets, and we expect trans-Atlantic to outperform by a much lesser margin in Q4 and beyond. To be clear, however, that’s simply a function of the comps getting more difficult and not any change in the underlying performance of either international or domestic. Q3 also continued the trend of year over year revenue improvement being driven largely by improving business demand. At the end of the quarter, our booked corporate revenue was up 23% and it was up 1% compared to 2008. That’s not much but it’s nice to be back in positive territory for business demand versus 2008. Consistent with improving corporate revenues, our business-oriented markets significantly outperformed leisure markets. For example, shuttle RASM was up 21% despite having incremental competitive capacity during the quarter. On the other hand, leisure was relatively less strong on a year over year basis, with Florida and Hawaii RASM officially flat year over year; though to be fair, those markets had fairly significant capacity growth. I’ll now turn to the revenue outlook going forward. And though our outlook is really just a continuation of the trends we’ve been seeing, it’s adjusted for the fact that the comps continue to get more difficult on a year over year basis. While we’re still seeing a significant year over year RASM improvement, the revenue recovery remains well below the peak pricing and revenue environment of 2008, though industry capacity cuts have helped offset much of that relative weakness. From a macroeconomic perspective, the environment continues to feel like a tepid recovery and one that isn’t getting rapidly better, but also isn’t double dipping or getting any worse. And as we said on the last earnings call, while this isn’t what we’d like to see for the country at large, a tepid recovery is also leading to moderate fuel prices. As a result, US Airways and the industry are producing near-record profits despite what continues to be a weak economic recovery. For some specific forecasts, we expect October RASM to be up 7% year over year, and past year RASM for the full quarter to be up between 5% and 7%. So to conclude, the employees of US Airways continue to run a truly fantastic operation and we continue to feel positive that the macroeconomic environment, tepid recovery combined with moderate fuel prices leads to a very good earnings outlook going forward. And it’s important to note that as a result, US Airways is and the industry at large is producing near record profitability, even in this difficult environment. And I think that concludes and we’re ready for comments and questions.
Scott Kirby: I can comment on both. First on the Mesa deal, we’re happy to have that done and have a degree of certainty around what’s going to happen with that contract going forward but also reducing our costs. It will save us about $28 million per year on the expenses. If you recall, this is I think one of the only contracts that hasn’t gone through a restructuring – most of the regional contracts got restructured in bankruptcy. This was one that was originally signed in 1999 so effectively it’s now been marked to market. So we’re happy about that and happy to support Mesa’s exit from bankruptcy with that contract. As to the rest of our contracts, I’m not sure if they’re the lowest in the business. My guess is they actually aren’t because some of the others got remarked to market after ours. But to me the next one doesn’t come off of lease for several years, so I don’t anticipate any significant change in the rest of our regional feed for several years.
Scott Kirby: You know, you’re talking about 1- and 2-point differences, and it’s hard, I think, to sort through 2009 – November/December comps are meaningfully more challenging than October. It’s a different answer actually if you look at 2008, and a third different answer if you look at 2007.
Scott Kirby: Yeah. We feel pretty good about the forecast, that it’ll come in. We obviously have a lot of certainty about October. We have really good bookings on the books right now for the holidays, both Thanksgiving and Christmas looks strong, and importantly they look strong not only on the peak travel days but also where we see the most load factor strength is on the off-peak days that run at relatively low load factors during that period. So we’re encouraged about the holidays. Don’t have many of the business bookings yet that are going to occur in the first half of November and the first half of December, but again, the business environment’s been strong. So we feel relatively good about the forecast.
Scott Kirby: Yeah. I mean, if you look at our network, my guess is our RASM on a year-over-year basis in total will under-perform others’. When you look at it on an entity basis, I mean we’ve only got a couple of reports so far for this quarter, but of the three airlines I suppose that have reported we have the highest domestic RASM and we also have the highest trans-Atlantic RASM. Not being exposed to the Pacific, RASMs are growing 40% to 50%. Ours isn’t the total RASM comparison, but domestically and across the Atlantic we’re doing really well.
Scott Kirby: Well, we are very happy to be in Star and I think the merger absolutely worst case is neutral to us, but more than likely presents new opportunities. Star is the best alliance in the world; it’s the largest, it’s the most well-integrated, has the most partners in Europe. We carry, I was just talking to Gary about our international improvements – some of those are our international partners in Europe and our ability to carry traffic beyond their hubs. So it is important to us. It’s a significant part of our international business, and we hope there’s opportunities to expand our partnership with Star and particularly expand our partnership with United.
Scott Kirby: Well, there’s been a number of routes, some of which are already flying and some of which are coming online. The more significant ones are the LLC routes that have come on. And US Airways, we’ve had a benign competitive environment for the past couple of years, and we’re now starting to really in the Q3 and going into the Q4 have a worse than average competitive environment. We actually have done some analysis on that, and I think that that new competitive capacity is probably going to impact our RASM by about 1 point. That’s implicit in the guidance we’ve already given – we have a 1 point kind of annual impact of all those capacity cuts. And what we do to combat that is continue to run a great operation and be the preferred choice of customers, and also make disciplined – back to Doug’s earlier definition – and rational decisions. We now have 99% of our capacity deployed in markets where we have a significant presence, either in Phoenix, Charlotte, the D.C. area or Philadelphia. And so in all of those markets where we’re competing with someone because we can carry more connecting traffic than they can, we have a competitive advantage. And in the long run that competitive advantage wins. So we don’t get into irrational competitive responses to it but continue to compete based on having the best service in the market and having the best position in the market, is how we will compete. That said, the 1% too that’s lost in LaGuardia, hopefully we will be able to get our transaction approved by DOT, particularly with all the changes that have occurred – the most significant and most recent, the Southwest/Airtran merger will allow us to get our LaGuardia DCA slot transaction completed.
Scott Kirby: Well, it gets confusing if you just look at it on a year over year basis because you’ve also got to look at the capacity situation. Charlotte is our most profitable hub but it also has RASM up on a year over year basis at least, but that’s because it has pretty significant growth in capacity. Philly and Phoenix are up similar amounts but have capacity reductions; they have a bit of a tailwind in terms of capacity. And DCA is up an amount similar to Philly and Phoenix on a year over year basis, but it never dropped off. The government, I suppose, kept DCA going along just fine even during the 2009 recession so it never dropped off. So just looking at the simple statistic on a year over year basis probably isn’t the fairest way to do it, but I think if you adjusted for all of that we would be seeing strength really in all of those markets.
Scott Kirby: Yeah, and you know, this’ll just be my opinion which everyone has, and we don’t have any real reliable data for our long-term forecast. But we’re at an industry level about domestically 10% below where we were in 2008 in terms of total revenue. I think it’ll probably take us a couple of years to close that gap, but I think we will close that gap and I think we’ll close that gap faster than GDP growth. So I think the industry will, my guess is it will beat… If you have capacity growing at the same rate as GDP next year, I think the industry revenue will grow at least a couple of percent beyond that for the next couple of years as we close some of that gap which we lost in 2009. I don’t think we will get back to the GDP revenue ratio as it existed historically; I think we have had a long term secular decline in that. But I think we’re still below that long-term secular trend line so there’s room to bounce back at a better than GDP rate.
Scott Kirby: We’re going to have to let Steve Johnson answer that for you, Helane, who’s been working hard on this.
Scott Kirby: Okay, I didn’t give Latin RASM because it’s not a terribly meaningful statistic, but it’s 12.4% on a 59% increase in capacity. The reason I say it’s not a terribly meaningful statistic is because that’s largely due to us adding Charlotte to Rio de Janeiro, so the earlier comps are misleading because that’s leads to a 59% increase in capacity. But those are the specific numbers. And as to Airtran/Southwest, as Doug has said and as we’ve said consistently, we think that consolidation is good for the industry and it reduces fragmentation in the industry and creates a more rational industry. Part of the way that the industry has made it through the crises of 2008 and 2009 has been because of consolidation and because of a more rational, less fragmented industry. So we think it’s a positive. 
Scott Kirby: Well, we have more experience and more overlap competing with Southwest than anyone, so we feel good about our ability to compete with Southwest. And as to differences between Southwest and AirTran, I’ve heard others comment on things like pricing so I’m going to avoid doing that. But I think both are good competitors, and not large differences. I suppose there’s a little bit of benefit in competing against an airline that won’t have first class as compared to AirTran having first class, but I don’t think that’s meaningful. And Southwest is a very effective competitor and will likely cancel out any of that benefit. So I mean it is still net good for the industry, but not any big product reasons to prefer one versus the other. Glenn Engel – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Scott Kirby: Well, it could just be wrong. Or, you know, there could be further strengths in the economy, further weakness in the economy. We give that forecast but the truth is we probably have only 40% of the revenue booked for the quarter, so we have a lot of bookings left to come in. So we can be off by a little bit. But barring some shot to the economy or terrorism, we probably are going to be pretty rival on the forecast.
Scott Kirby: Well, that’s an opportunity for US Airways, and we are currently generating margins that are at the top of that group of airlines, despite the fact that we don’t have as much international and despite the fact the international is a higher margin. And it’s the reason we’re growing internationally, and it creates a unique opportunity for US Airways that others don’t have, or at least others don’t have nearly to the same degree.
Scott Kirby: Well, you’ve seen our growth in the last few years. Most of its been to Europe. We’ve now gotten access to Rio and have access to Sao Paulo coming up. So we’ll continue to try to go to South America as the opportunities are there and as the rights are there. We’ll obviously also continue to grow from Charlotte to Europe; that will continue as will, I think we will eventually have service from Phoenix to Europe – at least it’s in our plan. And eventually I expect that we will have service to Asia. Service to Asia will be facilitated by having the A350, but there are probably some routes that we could fly without it. But we may wait until we have the A350s until we have service to Asia.
Scott Kirby: Well South American, it doesn’t mean necessarily that all of it will, but Charlotte is the most natural hub for our South American growth. So that’s why we’ve started Rio from Charlotte and Sao Paulo from Charlotte.
Doug Parker: Sure, I’ll comment on where we are with the pilots, and I’m not sure I understand the second part but you can follow-up if I don’t answer it. The pilot’s situation is not much changed from the last time we spoke. Our pilots remain unfortunately engaged in a seniority dispute that has gotten itself into the federal court system and has yet to be resolved. And again, without going through all the blow by blow, I think you know that’s where we are, Mike, and it’s still going on. So we’re still there. Until we have resolution on the seniority dispute it’s impossible to get to a joint contract. So that continues. As to your question, I think I understood this, I’ll try. And if I don’t have it again, just let me know. As to what it means for us while that goes on, you know, we have an extremely professional and great group of pilots that are doing their jobs while they work through this dispute. And they show up, do their jobs. As a result our customers see no impact whatsoever from this dispute. Having said that, we would very much like to see it get resolved. It’s clearly not the long-term solution and if it’s not the long-term solution we’d better get it done sooner rather than later. It’s not healthy for the organization; it’s been too long. We’re working very hard, trying… We’ve actually now had to enter this litigation fray because we needed some declaratory judgment to understand exactly what we can and can’t do. So now we’re somewhat involved because we had to be. So we’re working really hard to get this resolved because we’d like to, and we think it’s the right thing long-term. So to be clear, what I think you wanted, our goal is not to keep the two groups separate and keep doing what we’re doing just because it saves us some money. We would happily pay the costs necessary to integrate the two workforces and get our team all working as one. Unfortunately it just hasn’t been able to happen because of this protracted seniority dispute.
Doug Parker: They’re what our expectations are. I think the forecast is driven by… We have a reasonable ideas of where the holidays are going to come in because they start to book in advance, and if you want a little more detail we classify them as off-peak days and peak days during the holidays. And the off-peak days last year ran something like 85% load factors, or the peak days; and the off-peak days ran something like 65% load factors. So the peak days are booked flat year over year, but they’re going to go out at that same kind of load factor; and the off-peak days are booked up about 3%. Yields are good so we feel good about the demand for the two holidays. Again, the first three weeks of November and the first three weeks of December is mostly about business demand; they’re some of the lowest leisure demand weeks of the year. So that traffic has yet to come on the books, but business demand has been consistently strong this year. And absent the economy tipping down, I think that that will come through. You guys all did sequential analysis differently and so I’m hearing my implication from both you and Mike that you’re surprised that both November and December will be as strong as they are relative to October. That’s…
Doug Parker: No. I think it’s the continuation of the same thing. We have confidence about the holidays but also believe that the business revenues will continue to be strong in November and December.
Doug Parker: I don’t know – I’d have to go through those specific numbers with you. The trans-Atlantic has done really well for us, and that’s despite pretty significant ASM growth on a year over year basis. So the Q2 and the Q3, despite having capacity growth that’s at the top end of the industry, our RASM has also been the best in the industry across the Atlantic. So some of the things that we’ve done, we have much more corporate demand. We’ve actually made a real push to get more corporate business, and that includes a lot of initiatives in Europe to get more corporate business. Our corporate sales team has done a good job of getting a lot more corporate on the books so we have more up-front business demand. Some of those markets are just maturing for us and also as we’re serving more points in Europe – so places like Rome and Charles de Gaulle, which we are not serving both out of Charlotte and out of Philadelphia – we can offer a better, a more comprehensive product to corporate accounts that’s helped us get more business. So I’m not sure why we’re outperforming other than those things, but we have been and I expect that to continue.
Doug Parker: It is in the Atlantic and also, well I guess it’ll be the end of the year so there’s not a lot of ASMs, but flying from Charlotte to Sao Paulo, which we’re really excited about being able to get into Sao Paulo, the other business market in Brazil, one of the fast emerging market economies. But the rest of it will be to Europe.
Doug Parker: Well, I think it’s because our international partners are nervous, not just ours but the international partners within all of our alliances are nervous about it because they haven’t done it before. Just like it was hard for all of us to do it the first time, they’re nervous about it. I suspect that eventually it’ll happen but it’s reluctance on the partners’ part I think that stops it.
Doug Parker: We’re not giving profitability guidance, Dan. We’ve given you a lot of other guidance and you’ve got to come to your own assessment on that.
Doug Parker: Thanks, Bill. Let’s back up a little bit. You’re right – for a long time we’ve been on these calls talking about the need for consolidation, and we’ve been active in pursuing consolidation opportunities. And as you say, some of that activity hasn’t resulted in us participating but has resulted in the industry consolidating, which again was the goal. We were always clear to say that the industry needs consolidation. We think we’re better off if we participate but we’re definitely better off if it happens than if it doesn’t happen, irrespective of whether or not we participate. And the reality is it’s happened. I can vividly recall, I don’t know how long ago it was, but seven or eight years ago standing in front of people and telling them that I think this industry’s headed to an industry that one day will have three to four legacy airlines and one or two large nationwide low-cost carriers. And at the time, people were thinking that was not possible and that I was being overly optimistic on the industry’s ability to consolidate. Today we have four legacy carriers and two large, nationwide low-cost carriers. So we’ve gotten to the high end of that range. The question is can you get to the low end? Are there one or two more deals to do? But we’ve gotten to the high end and the result is an enormous difference in this industry’s ability to produce adequate returns for its investors. As it relates to US Airways, we don’t foresee anything happening in the near future. We plan to keep running standalone and proving as I said in my introductory remarks that this is real. I think there’s enormous shareholder value to be created simply by continuing to do what we’re doing. We are indeed producing record profits at a low point in the cycle. As the cycle improves, that should improve. The cycle doesn’t even need to improve; simply industries need to come to the conclusion that indeed this is sustainable. And clearly at these cash flow levels, if you believe these are sustainable cash flow levels, there’s a lot of room for investors to participate in a lot of upside versus where we are today. So there’s tremendous shareholder value to be created just by simply doing what we’re doing with the industry remaining at its current state of consolidation. Now having said that, I also believe we are extremely well positioned if indeed something more happens over time. So if, and I state “if” sometime in the future the four legacy carriers decide to consolidate to three, US Airways will be involved. That I think is a truism. The other three can’t do anything with each other without large anti-trust problems, but any of the three can do something with us. And I think that’s a good position for us and our shareholders. Our goal is when or if that day ever comes to be in a position of extreme strength, having produced a number of years of sustained profitability and have generated returns for our shareholders that give us and our shareholders the choice to decide if indeed we want to participate at that point or not. So that’s where I think we are. I’m extremely happy with where we’ve gotten ourselves, where the industry is, and what we’ve done to help facilitate that.
Doug Parker: Yeah, Bill, that’s far enough away and speculative enough that it’s not something I probably need to be commenting on. I’ll stick with what I’ve said, which is that we want to be in a position of strength. And a position of strength means an airline that has done what I’ve said, has done what you’ve said, which is shored up the balance sheet, produced returns over a sustainable period of time, proven itself able to do that. And with that vision of strength any number of opportunities become available to you.
Doug Parker: If I can go on, Scott, on account of the larger scale of the Southwest/Airtran transaction, back to this theme we’ve now created of “things are different this time,” I think there are a couple things in there that are noteworthy in terms of how this is different from the past. First, they announced the transaction. I mean the Southwest acknowledgment that they had limited organic growth opportunities is extremely noteworthy. It clearly shows we’re reaching a state whereby the domestic industry, the players in the domestic industry acknowledge that it’s largely mature. Even Southwest giving the acknowledgement that their ability to continue to expand required them to go do a transaction with AirTran is a big statement. So I think that’s noteworthy. The other thing I’d note is you know, Southwest now has also I believe acknowledged what many of us have been saying all along, what all of us have been saying all along primarily, except a few others, which is if indeed you want access to slot controlled airports you should go acquire it. That’s what we did, that’s what America West did to get access, by working to merge with US Airways; that’s what others have done over time to acquire access to slot controlled airports while Southwest and some others have argued in the past they should be given that access. I think this indicates they now acknowledge it’s not something to be given but something you go acquire because it’s something that’s been acquired by the rest of us. So as assets are bought and sold, and Southwest is acknowledging they need to go purchase it. So I think that’s very positive. Glenn Engel – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I guess what I was driving at is how is competing against Southwest different than competing against AirTran? I know Southwest has one class, and not necessarily lower fares than AirTran but it does tend to get a much better business mix than AirTran. 
Doug Parker: I was speaking about US Airways, John. I can speak a lot more intelligently about it than I can anything else. But having said that and if you want me to speak about the industry, I think… I don’t know what others are up to but I don’t imagine there’s much else going on. Again, I mean we’ve gotten to the point where there’s not much else to do. Certainly among the legacy carriers I don’t think there’s any chance of any activity going on if US Airways isn’t involved; and then amongst low-cost carriers, I just don’t know.
Doug Parker: We always approach it in an aggressive manner, and as demand strengthens you naturally are more aggressive in terms of yield management. So I think that that’s not something to talk about on an earnings call because it’s just part of the day-to-day business.
Doug Parker: Hey Ted, it’s Doug. I just wanted to get back to your second question, though, because Scott answered it right, the international piece; but your question about sustainability. To be clear, those airlines that have larger networks have more international flying than we do, have more revenue generating capabilities than we do. We’re well aware of that. What that means, of course, is we have to have a cost advantage and fortunately we do, which is why we’re able to produce the same or better margins as Scott said. And what we have to keep doing going forward, the way you do that is continue to keep the cost advantage in place. And as I think you know, it’s largely a labor cost advantage, one that… What that means for us is it doesn’t mean that we can’t increase the wages of our employees because we plan to. As contracts get consolidated and as we move to new contracts there’s a good bit of room there, but what we cannot do is get to a position where our labor costs are the same as those who have higher revenue generating capabilities. Our team knows that, we talk about it all the time. It’s a source of some consternation for all of us because we’d like to be in the situation where our revenue generating capabilities were as high as the others, but it’s a reality. We’re US Airways and this is where we need to stay. If you don’t do that, you’re the old US Airways – an airline with less revenue generating capabilities than other airlines and the same cost structure and we see what happens in that case.
Doug Parker: Exactly. So we know what we have to do, our team knows what we have to do, and that’s how you answer. Well, Scott’s right – there’s an opportunity to expand the international growth that will not close the revenue gap. And what we have to do is keep the cost advantage in place.
Doug Parker: Management is done. Thank you very much. We appreciate all of you listening in and your continued support. Let us know if you have any further questions.
