J. Kirby: Thanks, Derek. Today, I'm going to talk briefly about the fourth quarter, the integration process, what we see as some of the future opportunities and then a more specific outlook for the first quarter.  I'd like to start by thanking the 100,000 people of American Airlines who have managed to run a very strong operation over what has been several very difficult weather weeks.  During the fourth quarter, both US and AA had strong revenue results, with our combined consolidated PRASM up 5%. Our original forecast were off for November and December due to the holiday shift, with what appeared to be a weak November, followed by a very strong December, but in reality, we saw strength across the quarter. For some regional color, domestic RASM was up 4%; Atlantic was up 7%; Latin, up 9%; and Asia was down 6%. We're obviously early in the integration process, but as Doug said, it is proceeding well thus far. Customer day 1 was on January 7. And while we had some minor issues, we worked through those quickly, and we're happy with the first piece of customer-facing integration. We also started code sharing on hub-to-hub routes 3 weeks ago, and that has also gone well. In fact, we already booked over 70,000 code share tickets in just the first 2 weeks of Phase 1. We'll continue to roll out more code sharing throughout February, and hope to be done with the entire system in February.  We're still on track for US Airways to exit Star at the end of March and transition the next day into oneworld. We've already selected Sabre as our new reservation system. I know it's admittedly very early. We're making good progress on moving to Sabre and getting a single op certificate in late 2015.  We expect to start realizing some revenue synergy value almost immediately. Over 1/3 of our projected $1 billion in revenue synergies comes from code sharing, which as I said earlier, we expect to be fully up and running later this quarter, though it may take a little longer to optimize the system and get 100% of those benefits. We also remain confident we'll achieve our corporate and frequent flyer growth goals, though the timeframe on those will be a little longer than the code share synergy, but to date, we're exceeding our initial projections and are ahead of target on items like partner revenues.  In addition to the traditional synergies, however, we also believe there are numerous other revenue opportunities at both American and -- both American and the old US Airways. We've already made decisions on numerous items that we think will be P&L positive, and expect to announce them as soon as the technology is ready to support implementation in the coming months. In addition to those, we also have a number of network initiatives that we believe will have meaningful upside. We've already restructured flying at LaGuardia to focus on more profitable routes, and are completing a full network review. Three of the biggest changes in the network that we'll be implementing include rebanking the Miami hub with the fall schedule change, with Chicago and Dallas to follow in later schedule changes, beginning to introduce variable scheduling to the AA network, and increasing the density on a number of aircraft, including 737-800s, MD-80s and the 777-200s. Collectively, we expect these initiatives when fully implemented to be worth over $400 million in annual earnings improvement.  Turning to our more tactical outlook going forward, I'd like to begin by discussing our plans for future RASM guidance. We all know that there are problems with the monthly RASM based on day-to-week changes, holiday timing, et cetera. We clearly saw that in the November-December period. At the same time, we think being open and transparent with investors is important. So in an effort to be more accurate, reduce the monthly volatility that comes from calendar changes and provide better information than we have historically. Our plan is to give RASM guidance for the full quarter instead of each month. We'll then update the full quarter guidance with each monthly traffic release. So at the January traffic release, we will update our 1Q guidance, knowing what our January actuals were and our bookings for February-March. Then with our February traffic release, we'll note 2 months of actuals, and 1 month of forecast based on bookings for March, and with our March traffic release, we'll have all 3 months of actuals. With that, we currently expect combined consolidated RASM to be up 2% to 4% year-over-year in the first quarter.  In conclusion, we think the demand environment is strong, and we're excited about the future opportunities and are moving quickly to realize those opportunities. 
J. Kirby: Yes, I do think we're going to outperform. And I think some of the things I talked about, one, I think we're going to -- we already are realizing synergies, and I think that's going to accelerate as we go through the year. In addition to the traditional synergies are some of the kinds of things that I've talked about. I talked about network initiatives, but there's literally less of probably 100 items that are revenue opportunity ideas that we have, and so I believe we have to prove it. I know we still have to prove it, but I think we will outperform the industry this year on RASM. 
J. Kirby: Yes. We always thought that we were under-promising and intended to over-deliver. Hopefully, we're still under-promising, and we'll still over-deliver from today, but it is fair to say that our view has -- some of the stuff I talked about. So the $400 million in network initiatives, for example, weren't included in our synergies when we went through the merger, and some of the other changes that you'll see in the coming months, some of them are things that weren't included in our synergies. To date, on some of the synergy stuff that was included, partner revenue, the credit cards, for example, we've exceeded those items. Now there may be some things that we missed on, but today, we either -- for the pieces that we included in the original work, we either believe we're going to meet or exceed and we've added to that list. So we feel pretty confident that we're going to exceed our numbers. 
J. Kirby: So we don't have any big initiatives like rebanking at Los Angeles or New York coming up. New York, the biggest thing we have going on is the introduction of the new A321 Transcom product, which has had great customer feedback so far which is to be expected such a fantastic product. And the early returns are good. They're very early returns but the early returns are good in New York. In Los Angeles, after the merger, the new American Airlines is now the largest carrier in Los Angeles and we think that creates the platform and I think we're #1 in terms of premium business in Los Angeles and Los Angeles is an important gateway over the long-term for us to Asia. A really important market. And Los Angeles actually was profitable in the last 12 months. Not by a lot, but Los Angeles is already profitable. Certainly, we expect it to be nicely profitable this year, just with the kind of rising tide past American Airlines and the effect of all those synergy. And a market that benefits more than most by going from not being the largest carrier to being the largest carrier. So our expectation in Los Angeles, in particular, that it is -- it will be nicely profitable this year. 
J. Kirby: It's just sort of specifics, Mike. With the pilot, we have an MOU that's been approved by both sides. But that process of getting to a single seniority list will take into next year. We can't combine operations until we get the single operation certificate, which is the back half of 2015. So that timing is going to dictate when the single seniority list gets done. But we have a contract done with the pilots and the pilots will be doing their own process on the seniority list. With the flight attendants, just in the last week, we got an agreement that wraps the US Airways flight attendants into the process and makes them officially a part of the process, so we were very excited to have them in the process with APFA from American. That process will take into next year to complete the combining of the contracts and getting through the seniority list, but again, something that everyone has agreed o,n, the process and how we do it going forward. And some of the other work groups, it depends on when they -- when 1 group or the other files for a representation election. Those will likely take into next year. Those are typically are easier to combine because you don't have as much of the seniority issues with mobile workforces that you have in pilots and flight attendants. But having the pilots and flight attendants and the union on both sides now signed on to a process, I think, puts us leagues ahead of, certainly, of where we were in the last merger, but even where other mergers have been historically. 
J. Kirby: Well, it is right that over the last few years, American did lose corporate share. Embedded in our guidance is no explicit assumption about share gains or taking share back from someone else. I think we will win share back by virtue of the network that we now have. I think we will win some of American's natural share back. But we don't have explicit assumptions about winning share back in our guidance. Corporate demand has been and continues to be strong for us so we feel really good about the outlook. In the fourth quarter, our corporate revenues, combined corporate revenues were up 7% year-over-year. And we've got a strong start for 2014. So we have a sales team that is engaged. I think they're really a good sales team. We have a great product, a great network to sell and they're out doing that. And I think you'll see us improve even beyond where we've been historically in corporate. But there's nothing explicit in our guidance that assumes kind of share gain. 
J. Kirby: Sure. Well, most of the -- well, we do have some of the markets there are part of the issue, so I'll just talk regionally. South America, clearly, of late, Venezuela and Argentina have each been in the news. Two long-time markets for American Airlines that do quite well and that are important to us. To put some context around it, Venezuela is about 1.4% of our annual revenue. Argentina is about 1.3%. South America is obviously an important part of our network and goes through some these ups and downs over time. We are committed to it for the long term. It's a growth region, so there may be some bumps in the road along the way but the long-term trajectory is good. Much of our growth next year is overlapping growth that happens from last year as opposed to new growth that's starting in 2014. In Asia, long-term it's a place that we're behind, a region that we're behind Delta and United, it's important for us to grow. We were very excited to get the slot times that we got for our Dallas to Shanghai service. So we look forward to launching that new route and expect it to be successful. That's a lot of our ASM growth. Obviously, a long haul route on the big airplane is a lot of our ASM growth. So emerging markets, per se, I don't think are going to have a huge impact, even with the recent volatility on our revenues, where it's more likely to have an impact if the -- is if you have some kind of effect on the global economy, a confidence of the global economy. We've certainly seen airlines in the past that when there's a worry about the global economy, it's easy for corporate travel managers or for businesspeople to cut travel. And so if something from the emerging economy turns into a contagion that spreads to the rest of the world, that's what I'd be more worried about, as opposed to something tactically that's happening in one of those individual countries. 
J. Kirby: We do have flexibility with aircraft. Particularly, we've got a very large fleet of 767s that are all scheduled to be retired. We could accelerate those retirements and change that pretty quickly if we decided to. 
J. Kirby: So first question, the answer is no. I don't think this is capacity creep or a change. You've got to look at our 3.5% capacity to understand what it's coming from. 2.6 points of that 3.5% is coming from just having higher density aircraft, one of the things I talked about. One of the things that you've seen happen, at Delta particular is putting more seats on airplanes. While it is capacity growth, at least for the airlines that are doing it, it's very P&L-positive because your cost for those extra seats is very, very low. And so it's most of the incremental revenue flows to the bottom line. That's the kind of -- that's going to happen and when that's done, it's kind of done. The other pieces of the capacity growth are, one, having fewer aircraft in out-of-service. So fewer aircraft in maintenance. Lines, for example, again, efficient in a capacity growth and then a higher completion factor. A lot of weather last year and that's just an assumption that we'll have a more normal weather year. That hasn't started off to be the case in January. But just a normal assumption. So that really explains all of our capacity growth. This isn't capacity growth of going and buying airplanes and adding a bunch of new markets. It's those factors that are guiding the capacity growth. On your second question, we no longer have any restrictions. Well, those restrictions that were in the old US Airways agreement no longer exist. 
J. Kirby: And yes, we expect to be able to grow that. When I talk about some of the other initiatives, before I talked about network initiatives in my opening remarks, some of those are ancillaries. And that's  part of our -- we will announce some of that stuff soon but we're waiting on the technology to support it before we actually make the announcement. 
J. Kirby: There will be -- a lot of it will be sliding the flight times. There will be a re-fleeting that happens. There's a bigger re-fleeting that's going to go on. American, historically, went from 140-seat MD-80s, mostly down to 50-seat regional jets, a handful of 70-seat regional jets. So there is a lot of opportunity to re-fleet, to put the right-size aircraft on the right route. And some of that, you will see happen as part of the rebanking. When you go from -- when you increase the number of connections available for a given flight. You have an opportunity to change gauge on that flight. And in markets like Chicago, Dallas probably not going to be much different, those are 2 big hubs and there's already a lot of capacity and a lot of traffic flowing and you kind of hit every connection possible because you have so much capacity between those 2 hubs. But in some markets, you will see the opportunity. I think it will be most dramatic probably actually in the smaller markets. The Lubbock or in Abilene, Texas that now have more connectivity and that's part of the reason you're going from 50-seat to 76-regional seats -- regional jets in markets like that because it causes those updates. Gives you an opportunity to take some of the larger regional jets up the mainline aircraft. And so it's increasing the average gauge. One of the things we've talked about, where the capacity growths are coming from will be helped and supported by rebanking the hub. 
J. Kirby: Well, I don't know if commitment is the right word. I think it is the right strategy certainly until the industry gets back to margins that are reasonable and consistent with other large industrial companies that the growth rate should be sub-GDP. There is an exception, I think, that applies to everyone for just kind of putting more seats on airplanes that I think is different because that improves your profitability. But the domestic market, in particular, is mature. And so you certainly shouldn't have growth that exceeds GDP in the domestic market. In international, you've got to look, I think, at the combined GDP of the U.S. and the international markets that you're growing to. But conceptually, I agree. 
J. Kirby: So we have completed deals with both Barclays and Citi. Both issuers will continue to issue cards throughout this year. Either at the end of this year or sometime in early 2015, Barclays will stop issuing cards and will convert all of their existing cards to be branded American Airlines and will continue manage that portfolio. Citi will continue issuing cards throughout. Both great partners, those deals are coterminous and now set to expire in 2017. The economics for US Airways has improved in both for those -- for American Airlines, sorry, have improved in both of those deals. And I think both of those partners got a lot out of it. On the Barclays side, access to a lot larger frequent flyer base. Citi got access to a much larger frequent flyer base. Citi now also has access to the American Airlines lounges. So a deal that, I think, all 3 parties are happy with. And as I at least hinted in my opening remarks, a deal that by a pretty wide margin exceeds what we expected in terms of synergies and improved economics for the new American Airlines going forward. 
J. Kirby: Some of that stuff is going to happen a little bit over time. But they are hitting today. They do ramp up and get the better kind of over the course of the next 12 months. But into 2014, it's basically steady state until 2017. 
J. Kirby: Well, it's CASM x fuel, for one thing. [indiscernible] And it fuels a large percentage of the cost. So that's part of it. I don't know. I think we'd have to go through the specific math with you. 
J. Kirby: Probably about 5% to 10% below. Are you talking about pilots, flight attendants, that type of -- yes. 
J. Kirby: Well, first, as we said all along and as we said to the DOJ, this merger is about putting 2 complementary networks together and wasn't about reducing capacity. But what this does is create a better product and a better network for customers, which I think leads to improved revenues. And that was always the rationale for this merger. You look at our initial results. If you want to look at the world as simplistically as just capacity equals profitability, I don't think the world is quite that simple. Certainly, it wasn't in 2013. Matching capacity to demand and keeping capacity in line or below GDP growth is important. But you can also improve margins even when those things are equal, I think. And having a better network that's more appealing to your elite flyers and you can get them everywhere they want to go in the world is part of doing that. That happened at an industry level in 2013. I think it's going to happen in 2014. You look at our early guidance, that's clearly happening. So I think the view of the world that is just the only input variable to the profitability equation is capacity is too simplistic. 
J. Kirby: Well, there's been a lot that's different in little details. I mean, there's hundreds of details. And I'm not going to go over them all in this call. But the things that we do at each airline that we can learn from the others. I told some of the guys recently that my favorite meeting, I think, that I've had so far at the new American was with the revenue management team talking about the details of the yield management system. And people on each side, the American side saying, "Oh, here's some great things that US Airways does," and US Airways side saying, "Here's some great things that American does." So we both learned and found opportunity from each other, and we're moving aggressively to implement those things on both sides. And it's not just revenue management, it's everywhere. And I think that's the reason we feel pretty confident about our results going forward. 
J. Kirby: Well, the overbooking model at US Airways is one of things we're going to implement as quickly as possible on the American side. And there's just a whole bunch of, they're down-in-the-weed mathematics. The American day departure process is much better than we had at US Airways, something run by revenue management, as an example. So we've got a team of people -- that group, too, by the way was the first group that we integrated. Those guys were sitting here in Dallas on December 9, which I think is indicative of how important we think it is and how much leverage there is in that group, and it's just going great so far. 
J. Kirby: So first, I want to say on the ancillaries that a lot of our ancillaries are -- ancillaries are more broad -- much broader than just baggage fees. For example, we have some products that customers really like, like our products to be able to get to the front of the lines and go through the preferred access kind of products. Our seat products, preferred seating products. Our ability -- products that allow customers to upgrade to first class when there are no more elite flyers. And so much of the revenue comes from products like that, that are positive to customers. And yes, I think part of the -- back to Glenn's question, part of the answer on margin guidance is our forecast for TRASM is higher than our forecast for PRASM. 
J. Kirby: Those are pretty good numbers you have Terry. The MD-80 was 135, it's now 140. The 737-800 is 150, and we're looking at 2 options, 160 or 164. And I believe the first-class cabin is the same size. The 777-200 is 247, as you said today, and will likely go to something between 260 and 289. 
J. Kirby: The 737-800 begins second half of this year, and it will take a while -- I'm not sure how long it will take. The 777-200 conversion begins later this year, going from 247 to 260. And if we go bigger than that, we'll probably be a 2015 issue. 
J. Kirby: We've completed the process for LaGuardia. And we are involved in the direct conversations with the airlines that are authorized to bid for DCA. And we'll be able to announce that as soon as it's done. 
J. Kirby: There will be some effect from Easter of moving revenue from March into April. At the same time, the government shutdown happened last year in the back half of March. So those 2 things kind of balance each other out [indiscernible]. 
J. Kirby: We do have the authority and we've got the flight times we requested, but I don't remember the exact times. But we've got the flight times we requested, and so we're happy. 
J. Kirby: There will be some new initiatives. A lot of it is the kind of things I talked about on seating products. And first-class seating products, priority access, really making those more broadly available, introducing more comfort economy on the US Airways network, which we don't have today. So those are the biggest items around being able to offer customers the ability to get better seats on the airplane, whether it's a more comfort economy, whether it's seat upfront or whether it's ability to sit in first class. 
J. Kirby: If it wasn't disclosed by the DOJ, which it must not have been since you're asking me, I'm not going to disclose how many airlines were authorized to bid. And I'm not sure the exact timeframe we will certainly meet the DOJ-mandated timeline. And we may be early if we're complete. 
J. Kirby: I'm not sure if I understand the question. But we and the acquiring airlines will disclose what each one of them got as soon as we're done. Your question was how many airlines were authorized to bid, and I'm not answering that question. I doubt the DOJ will ever disclose that. But you could ask them. 
J. Kirby: Ely, it's too early to tell on those. I actually haven't looked at those since they're for the summer. And we're looking at the whole network. Charlotte will be a part of that but nothing specific to announce in Charlotte. 
J. Kirby: Well, the full network review is ongoing, so this is not like some project that we do and it's done at the end of February and it's done. It's an ongoing and iterative process. So I would say for you and Charlotte, there's not a lot that you could expect in terms of changes, other than I know we are looking at some cities that American Airlines serve today that US Airways didn't serve to add once or twice a day service. Those are mostly small cities mostly in the Midwest, but to add some new dots to the map out of Charlotte but not any material changes for Charlotte. 
J. Kirby: What we're doing is we're changing the way we schedule. If we didn't change anything, it would lead to more cancellations. So we're changing the way we schedule pilots. And this will take time to figure out, but hopefully not have an increase in number of cancellations. But we will have more pilot expense because we'll have more pilots to fly the same schedule. 
J. Kirby: We have a great partnership with Alaska. And of course, we're talking to them about the partnership and how to make it better for both of us, particularly on the West Coast is what they add for us. 
J. Kirby: There were differences that time around. But I think we started off with our guidance, it was pretty good, pretty healthy RASM increases. And I think we're going to exceed the industry as we did then. In 2005, if you remember, US Airways cut a lot of capacity, but also Northwest and Delta filed bankruptcy in September of 2005, and they cut a lot of capacity. So you are coming from a real trough in industry revenues and profitability, so the year-over-year improvement was fantastic. Here, we're starting from a much higher plateau of industry profitability, so we're not going to have 20%, 25% RASM increases like we had in that merger. But I think we will be at better profit margins than we had following that merger. 
J. Kirby: We haven't started the process for those gates. Delta has clearly publicly indicated an interest in them. If we had our choice, we'd just keep them and we would fly out of Love Field. 
Derek Kerr: No, no, I think it really is -- we're really trying to understand, as I said, from a budgeting process. Because the merger happened so late in the year, the American team did the American budget. The US team did the US budget. So nobody has really -- as we combine the 2, so the guidance is combining the 2 budgets. We haven't been through and scrubbed through those. The other thing we would like to do, we know some of the synergies we have built into that guidance from a cost perspective, but we'd like to go through and scrub a little bit more as we go through and understand both of the budgets and understand the expenses of either side. So that is what, I believe, where we're at today, as we just combined the 2 budgets. But I believe as we have time to dig through where everything is and understand both expense structures, that there'll be some more opportunity. 
Derek Kerr: Well, as of right now, I think it is -- this year, the aircraft CapEx number is about $4.8 billion. I think, as you said, it's up in that range. We have financing for a significant amount of those aircraft. So the only -- the cash that will go out the door is $1.2 billion. We are now looking at the fleet plan, looking at deliveries, understanding what commitments we do have and what we can do with that. But as of right now, we don't plan to make any changes moving forward in that delivery. We want to continue to replace all the older aircraft and bring on the new aircraft. I think every aircraft that comes on is NPD positive. So it's the right thing to do. But as you said, we need to look at the CapEx going forward and from '15 to '18, it's pretty much the same as where it is today. It doesn't dip as much out there, but I think we will look at that. We need to understand how much we're committed to and how much financing is committed in those years. Because there are, as part of the Airbus deal, there are lesser financing that's been committed, and we need to understand that. So the treasury team is going through that with the aircraft guys, and more to come on that. But as of right now, our plans are, and our 5-year plan is to take all of these deliveries. 
Derek Kerr: Helane, this is Derek. It was already in the guidance because it's already happened so we put that in the ASM guidance so it would've been a little bit higher but it is less because of the fact that the storms happened. 
Derek Kerr: Ancillary revenue, total of the revenue is about $4 billion. And of that, from an ancillary side, it's approximately -- baggage is about $1 billion and then refund/reissue is about $700 million. There are some other little small of them. So about $2 billion in ancillary. 
Derek Kerr: But really the rest of the operations are going to remain intact and are necessary for running the combined airline. 
Derek Kerr: Not in the fourth quarter because they went -- most of them went into effect in the first quarter. So the flight attendant contract that was put in place is in the fourth quarter, but the guidance in the first quarter does include that. But most of the things went into effect -- they did go effect at merger, but the impact of them is very small in December. They're all in, in the first quarter of '14. 
Derek Kerr: Well, it went into effect on December 1. I'm just saying the amount that you have in the CASM in the fourth quarter is very small because the full impact of it is in the first quarter of CASM. 
William Parker: A good one. Look, Jamie as you know, we just closed this merger a little over a month ago, and we got a number of things to go address. What's -- the cash balance, we agree holding more cash than the company needs to hold is not a good use of our shareholders' capital. We understand that. So what we do need to do and what the company, what the team has set out to do, is go figure out what the best uses of that cash are right now. There's certainly some amount of debt that probably could and should be paid down or restructured. And once we get through the exercise, we should figure out what's the best use behind that. So still to come, it's early on, but we understand the point and share the view that you have, and there's no reason to hold more cash than we need. I would point out, as Derek noted and as we noted in the press release, the company did make -- did elect to essentially buy back shares already. We knew our employees have -- were distributed a number of shares to employees as a result of American's restructuring. We -- both as a service to those employees, but also as a show of our confidence in the equity. It ended up distributing those on a net basis to our employees. In fact [indiscernible] to buy the shares that were necessary to cover the tax benefit, to cover the taxes on those shares. So that, I think, is a good indication for all of you as to what we think about our cash balances and our views about the equity today. 
William Parker: Hunter, it's Doug, just to be -- I mean, to be clear, to reinforce one of Derek's points there, this is an NPD-positive use of our cash. We have older airplanes that need to be retired. And the sooner you can get them retired and have new airplanes come in, that actually will be positive, and would be a positive cash flow thing to do. So this isn't something we're concerned about in terms of the investment. Your question is about maybe is it coming in at the right -- since we're bringing 2 aircraft orders in at the same time, is there something we can do, perhaps? But I wouldn't want you to think or expect that we're going to make major modifications in these fleet orders because we're happy with the way they are. We want these airplanes. They are a good use of capital, and one of -- and something that we're excited about getting the aircraft in to replace the older aircraft. 
William Parker: Okay, so I'm glad you asked that. Certainly we don't want you to think that -- look, let me just go back to -- we'll answer your first question, which is what we've done historically. And we, meaning US Airways, not American, did the following: our incentive comp, the financial targets in the past I'm going to look into, I think, last year, it started at 0 and capped out at $500 million or something. 
William Parker: $300 million. Something we exceeded by a good bit. The goal here is to have -- is to pick a target that we can really tell people that's a target incentive, so, and one that over time, should average 1, right. So at any rate. You shouldn't -- we never, we've never tied those projections to a budget or a forecast or anything like that. We go look, the Board looks, the company looks, that prior years, history, what the payouts have been of late, what they're trying to accomplish. We're trying to bring 2 teams together and making sure there's some certainty of payment in the first year. The American team, by the way, hasn't seen an incentive payment since 2001 annual bonus. So without getting into a lot of detail about our forecast, or anything like that, I think -- I have no problem telling you that you shouldn't look at the $2.5 billion and think that we -- that, that is our forecast or a number that we think represents our budget or anything like it. It's a number based on the Board looking at the history of payouts and wanting to be sure that there was a payout for -- again, $2.5 billion for this company is going to be something so in excess of the highest profits, probably, it's ever seen. So we think that's the good number but it's also not one that we set in a way that was meant to -- giving by kind of guidance to earnings. 
William Parker: Yes, sure. You're right. I mean while we have -- we haven't had full employee support for the merger, they're not very [ph] excited about that. We do have to go through the process. And our employees need to go through the process to determine who the collective bargainers will be in each group. So that work is -- first off, when you said seniority list, that relates almost entirely to pilots and flight attendants. Both of those have been determined. So the flight attendants just this last week, they have come to an agreement on how they're going to be represented. So I don't think -- and I say determined, meaning they determine how they will do it, they haven't turned in the list, let's be clear about that. But they determine how they will -- the process they will go about to get to the list.  So anyway, they are working together well on those. Other groups still need to go through the process of determining who will be their bargaining agent and you'll see some of that as we go forward. It's what happens at their mergers. I don't anticipate any major issues as a result of it. But it's up to our employees to go decide so that's true of our -- in our mechanic workforce, in our ramp agents. American has non-representing classes for things like gate agents and reservations agents, whereas US Airways does have representation in those groups. So those employees will need to decide whether they want a representative or not. All that work will take place here over the coming years, so, and again it's something -- we can't actually integrate a lot of workforce until we have a single operation anyway, [ph] so we -- it's part of what we expect that would occur. 
William Parker: Why, thank you, Helane. Look, it's an easy answer. Well, we still have some of our employees working for less than their peers at Delta and United. And given that, we don't -- that's the result of the bankruptcy and the agreements that were met with our employees about the merger. So as long as that's the case, I think the right thing for me to do is also have mine lower than my peers at Delta and United. So it's as simple as that. And to be fair, as I also say on that note, this is -- they are amounts that are being expensed to the company. So I'm not trying -- this is -- I'm not complaining for a second and really, really happy to be here and honored to be doing this and looking forward to doing it and one day, hopefully we'll all be making the same as our peers. But right now, it's the right thing for me to do. 
William Parker: Yes, it's night and day different. In the past, when the industry got a whiff of profitability, you would see airlines will start going and making aircraft orders not for replacement but for growth under -- again, we can all -- it doesn't really matter why but my own view is largely because the industry -- because it was so fragmented and there's so much value to consumers by being able to get them to all the places they want to get, every time any of us had a whiff of profitability management would go out and buy and put in new aircraft orders thinking if I'm making money with 100 aircraft, I can really make money with 150. And that didn't work, of course. And we'd go into these terrible down cycles of having too much capacity and then the economy will turn down, you'd go into a really bad tailspin. That's not what's going on here or anything close to it. Our aircraft orders as well as the aircraft orders in place at our competitors are designed to replace aging aircraft to modernize fleets that, in the case of American, has gotten to the point where it seriously needed some modernization and haven't had the capability to do it in the past. And those are NPD-positive. It doesn't commit us to growth. It gives us some flexibility to grow modestly. But they're there for replacement. It is -- it couldn't be further from what you've seen in the past. And in terms of aircraft orders that were made back in the '80s and '90s, when [indiscernible] 
William Parker: Well, there's nothing really to announce. We haven't entered any hedges since the merger and the hedges that were in place in American are still in place. But at this time, we don't intend to enter into any additional hedging transactions. We've been happy with our... 
William Parker: Yes. We've been having that policy to date. And that's where we have been since the merger and don't intend to change that. But we could at some point, I suppose, but no intent to do so. 
William Parker: Yes, that's a good question, Mike. We're just not ready to answer you because I don't know what normal means to tell you the truth. There's no doubt that over the last whatever, 10 or 11 years, we've gotten to the point where we needed to hold a lot of cash because we were so worried about what might happen. And indeed, those of us that did were very happy that we did in 2008 and 2009. So, but if we really have a transformed industry, if we really are producing profits that we believe are real and sustainable, it will always be a cyclical business, of course, as you know, Mike. But if it's not going to have these -- if the downturns are still profitable instead of downturns of having you losing billions of dollars, there's no need to carry cash, which is an insurance policy against that. How much less do you need? I just don't -- we don't know yet, Mike. What we know is what we held in the past, what was industry standard of whatever, 20%, 25% of revenues, is too much in a world that really has been transformed. But we prefer to make sure it's transformed before we start making those decisions. It certainly feels like it in every single indication that we have. But if you just let us have a little time to make sure that -- to get a little bit of time behind us here and also to go through the entire debt portfolio and make sure we're doing everything we can there first. Because we clearly have -- we're still highly leveraged. But anyway, let me say, I don't know the exact number, but it's lower than where it is, we know that. 
William Parker: Well, I mean, the good questions aren't hard to answer at this point. I mean, so far I think it's gone well and we could expect no major surprises. I mean, I guess, if anything, it's given how the transaction came together and how well our guys are working together is a pleasant surprise. I mean, it's no secret we came about this in different directions. But once it was determined that it was the right thing to do, the American team has just been fantastic and we're working -- the teams are working really, really well together. So I don't really call that a surprise because it doesn't surprise me. But it may surprise others. But that's been a very nice thing to see is how well the teams are working together. Post merger, biggest challenge is definitely integration and making sure that we go do what we've set out to do. We have the right team in place. We have the right plan in place. It's down to execution, which is not easy to combine 2 airlines. But anyway, we feel good about the plan and the people we have in place to manage it. 
William Parker: I can't help but put a [indiscernible] on this, Dawn. So look, the precheck line was never meant to be a really short line. It's meant to be a faster line. It's a question for TSA, not for us. But indeed, the purpose of having a precheck line -- and we're happy to see TSA getting more people qualified for precheck because that means we get more people through security faster. Having that line be inactive at any point in time is unproductive time. So more people that move through, the better. Okay. Thank you all very, very much for your time. If you have any further questions, media contact [indiscernible] contact our Investor Relations group. We appreciate your time and interest. 
Robert Isom: Helane, this is Robert Isom. The answer to that question is yes. We have flow-up agreements with Envoy, which was the formerly American Eagle, the mainline. And we also have guarantee interview programs from our FAA [ph] regional to US Airways. 
Robert Isom: Yes, again, it's Robert Isom. You're right in terms of overall cargo. While we've seen overall revenue maintain steady, we've seen a lot of demand out there. But there's various pressure on the pricing side. And as we take a look to integration, we do think that there's a lot of benefit by combining the 2 networks and we look forward to putting the 2 systems together later on this year and getting to a common product for our customers. 
Robert Isom: Dawn, it's Robert. That is the case. Just in terms of overall airports, we have a number of airports, which have already been colocated. Phoenix it not one of them yet. But 17 to date, 28 that are going to come in the first quarter, and looking forward to getting our operations altogether. 
Robert Isom: The operations control was really the big one that was out there, Dawn. I mean, that's one where you absolutely, positively have to have one. And the fact of the matter is that it will take some time to move out of the Pittsburgh operation. Obviously, we have -- we're running 2 separate airlines, and so that operations control center, it will move over the course of the next couple of years. 
Robert Isom: Yes. Dawn, the ops center really was like a headquarters function. It happened to be in Pittsburgh instead of in Phoenix. But we need all the airplanes, all the people. So we could anyway -- we don't have anything else announced on other facilities. 
Robert Isom: Linda, it's Robert Isom. With the new rest rules, we just have to be more mindful of where our pilots are and how much time they've accumulated. We don't know the total impact, but we're anticipating that we will likely have to curate more crews on a system level. And we're monitoring the impact. It certainly makes things more difficult in inclement weather. But so far, we're managing through it fairly well. 
Robert Isom: It's all of the above. So it's pilots now retiring at age 65. It's the change in the flight and duty time rules. And it's just the nature of the airline right now, we're all hiring. 
