William Douglas Parker: Sure. We think it's good for our equity holders, our capital structure strategy. But – look, as it relates to the debt, the first thing we always should note is we have much higher asset values, given our much younger fleet than our larger competitors. Just kind of desktop appraisals of our aircraft are around $30 billion. I think those other guys around $15 billion. So, there's a huge asset value. That doesn't explain it all. Our debt levels are more than just that asset value, but please don't ignore that piece. But look, what we believe, and the other point worth making by the way is that we hold very large amounts of cash because – as protection for what seems like the reason people would suggest we should be less levered, that is, in the risk of something – for risk protection. So, we choose to, instead of having more equity, which is a lot more expensive than debt, we choose to have more debt than others. We think it's – we think it's exactly – it's a very prudent level. We're not concerned about the levels, particularly given the asset values. And we protect ourselves by holding a lot more cash than companies of our size generally do. And we think that's the right capital structure for our investors. It absolutely and – what leverage does, is when earnings decline, it has a bigger effect and those are more levered when earnings increase, we get more of the bump. That's not why we do it, but that certainly is one of the effects. But what we really try and do is make sure that our total capital structure is right for American Airlines and for our investors. And we don't think delevering, and therefore, getting even more equity, which is much more expensive than the debt, makes sense for our investors.
William Douglas Parker: Yes. Thanks, David. Hard question to answer, so I'm going to punt for the most part, in terms of trying to give you when exactly we think we'll be back there. What we are happy to say is 2019 certainly feels, as we look forward, like it will be a better year than 2018, and that's nice progression back to the target, but I don't know for certain when we'll get there.
William Douglas Parker: Again, I don't know that we're going to be able to tell you what quarter even we think we're going to make the flip at this point. But, again, as we look at this just year by year, 2019 certainly feels a lot better than 2018, and that's where we are at this point.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah, David, we got to a point where we weren't competitive. We launched this product about a year ago. As Robert said, we've been very happy with the results, but while that's true, for prices to the customers who are the buyers of this, there's a big airline out there who doesn't charge for the carryon and there are now filters on things like your Google search that ask you if indeed you want to bring a carryon or not, and if you say yes, all of a sudden the American flights don't show up nearly as high as they did before because it adds $20 to our fare. Nothing wrong with that, that's accurate. But when you get yourself in a position in this business where price-sensitive customers find themselves with lower fares on truly competitive airlines like that, we have to take that under consideration. And that's what it is. We put this product out with a different model than others had done in the past, and we've gotten to the point where we think the right thing to do is to get in line with the competition.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah. I'm not sure how you come to the conclusion, maybe you can tell us as to why it feels like, it's a share shift because that's not what we see.
William Douglas Parker: Again, I'm not sure I – look, what we believe is what we said. More difficult comps year-over-year, without a doubt. On a two-year basis, we're still up more than both of those airlines.
William Douglas Parker: But look, you're right. We acknowledge, we think we can do better. And we think the steps we're taking primarily as it relates to this Basic Economy product are the difference. But, yeah, there's nothing where – as Robert said, our corporate revenues are up 10%. We don't see share movement anywhere. I will tell you, I asked the team to go look at the fact that United has announced how much they're growing in and out of Chicago, and clearly us being a Chicago hub carrier has to have some impact, because it doesn't mean we become unprofitable. It just means that if you add capacity, if you add ASMs at a rate greater than demand in a route where there weren't before, you see – we have some impact on. But the interesting result of that work was to show that the bulk of that flying out of Chicago, at least the ASMs are largely to Hawaii. And other than Hawaii growth, the growth rates in Chicago at least in American markets were lower than they were throughout the rest of the United States. So, look – anyway, we don't view this as a share loss. What we view it as is, well again, other than this Basic Economy issue, where again people might have booked another carrier because they saw a lower fare on them than us. But it's much more about – it's much more about when capacity grows in excess of demand, you're going to see some pressures on revenues. We've offset most of that, but not all of it. And we think we're going to get back to outperforming as we move forward.
William Douglas Parker: ... I probably should have mentioned by now. If you look at where our growth has been over the last year at American, it's not been in our most profitable hubs. Indeed, we're building up LAX, which is the right thing to do. Long term strategic, it was some growth in Philadelphia in response to some competitive incursions there to make sure that we were competitive. But not in places like Dallas and Charlotte, and not in places like our strongest hubs, which some of our other competitors did. So, that'll also have an effect. But long and short of it was we're really comfortable with where we are in terms of our relative positioning and feel really good about the future.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah. You're going to have to watch us going forward, I guess, Jamie, if that's what your view is. We vehemently disagree, and I think that would be an overreaction too. So anyway, our competitors are doing a nice job, and one of them in particular had a lot more upside for a lot of reasons than we did, but that doesn't mean that we think we're not \ go do exactly what we plan to do, which would be the best airline in the world. So, anyway, I would encourage them to look a little longer term.
William Douglas Parker: It all factors into the equation. At the end of the day you end up with a capital allocation strategy that we think optimizes the value of the firm, and what we believe is, of course that will result in higher interest expense. It also results in fewer shares outstanding and it results in therefore a mix of less equity, which is more expensive, and more debt, which is much less expensive. So, we believe we have the right mix, particularly given what happens in terms of our cost to the extent you went in the other direction. It doesn't, in this business, doesn't tend to reduce our borrowing cost, particularly because we're borrowing against really strong assets. So, we're hard pressed to come to the conclusion that delevering from where we are today, and particularly with the cash balance we hold, makes sense for our investors.
William Douglas Parker: Well anyway, Joseph, I'll answer the question this way. We do indeed have a loyalty program that we think is the best in the world and that is real value. We think that value accrues to American Airlines, and therefore to American Airlines shareholders. And if we were to separate it, we worry about the ability to retain that value because...
William Douglas Parker: Joseph, to answer your basic – on your first question, as to whether we look at this, the answer is yes. We have indeed looked at it, and we'll continue to look at it. With our shareholders' interest at heart, what I'm telling you is we've done that analysis and that due diligence. To this point, we've not decided that's in the best interest of our shareholders.
William Douglas Parker: We don't. And furthermore, we think it's hard to separate those businesses. They're so intricately related indeed. What the card is, Joseph, is another distribution channel. It's a way in which people purchase tickets on American Airlines. And it's a valuable distribution channel, but that's what it is. And if we separate that out of the airline, I don't think those margins can be separated or should be because I don't believe as you do so. They remain the same.
William Douglas Parker: Okay. Yeah. We went down this road reluctantly. We at American for quite some time have been suggesting that earnings targets and things like that were, one, hard to do in this business because of the volatility of things like fuel, and two, led to short-term mentality that we didn't think was healthy. So, having said that, as others did it and as investors, at least the analyst community continued to suggest to us that that was important to our investors. We acquiesced and we're there now. We're not intending to change it at least for this year, I guess, because we worry that doing so, particularly as we were pulling it down, would look like we just didn't want to tell you what we thought it was, but it's certainly not the case. But look, I thought the memo from Jamie Dimon and Warren Buffett was right on point. I believe that we as business do – our shareholders and the people we employ, the people we serve a disservice by focusing too much on the near term. And that doesn't mean you definitely do that if indeed you get focused on quarterly earnings, but you can, so there's a possibility it happens, and it's just something -like I said, we went into it reluctantly. You're intelligent to note it. Anyway, we are where we are. We'll continue to do it. We'll continue to look at whether it makes sense for us, but I don't think it helps us make right decisions. I don't think it helps us make the best decisions for our shareholders. To the extent we still make the best decisions for our shareholders and it's of use to our investors, that's something we'll continue to do.
William Douglas Parker: And just to be clear, to the extent we are reducing any existing flying, we're still growing somewhat, and the routes that we're reducing, we're reducing because they're not profitable at these levels of fuel price. That means what we call utilization flying. That is flying where aircraft are otherwise sitting due to our hub-and-spoke structure, and we can fly them somewhere and back – and get them back into the hub, and you just have the variable cost of that route. But that variable cost is largely fuel. So, if you can't cover the cost, that doesn't make sense to fly. That's not something anyone will backfill, as you say. And it's other routes that just, again, in these times don't make sense for us, and that's flying in and out of our hubs. So, no real concern on our part that someone will come into flying that we would reduce. And as Robert said correctly, we got to manage our capacity based on what we think is best for American.
William Douglas Parker: And, Helane, it's Doug. Thanks for asking, that's a good distinction. We have in the past talked about deferral of aircraft and told you that we did put together two fleet types and we looked at it, we had too many aircraft coming when you had enough. At certain times we were able to defer some. This one, as Derek just said, is not that. We had already done most of that – I think all of that work actually. This is the result of given the existing environment making sure that we actually wanted to take airplanes in those times and we come to the conclusion we don't.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah, look, I'd prefer not to do that, if it's okay by you. I'll give you the blow by blow of this. What I'll tell you is we had a deadline. We complied within the deadline with what we thought was a nice solution for everyone, and hopefully, that'll be the case. That's where we stand right now.
William Douglas Parker: Sure. Yes, it's a matter of international affairs that is I think more important to those countries than to American Airlines, and we don't want to intervene in that process.
William Douglas Parker: And look Mary, I'll just point out because it's not obvious I mean this is good news for customers. Again, we're amending the product to be more customer friendly and allowing customers to purchase that product to carry on a bag without having to pay for it, but still having constraints on the product that some of our customers will choose to not want to purchase that product, but purchase a different product.
William Douglas Parker: Well, okay. I should say it this way. Our revenues aren't up as much as our fuel costs are up. So, to maintain earnings we would need to see – to maintain earnings at parallels we need to see revenues get more in line with the fuel cost increase. So, anyway, what really needs to happen I think, Leslie, is over time capacity adjusts to a level, where it's more in line with demand growth and more in line with the reality of existing fuel prices. I expect that'll happen over time. It'll be gradual. I don't think it's – certainly there are amazing values out there for customers, for consumers right now that – all throughout the fare level spectrum, and that'll continue to the extent they go up. It doesn't require a large material increase. But absolutely, when our costs or production goes up, we need to get to a point where we can raise the cost, raise our revenues to a level to cover that cost.
William Douglas Parker: Okay. My closing remarks is, thanks for your interest. Thanks for being on with us. If you have any further questions, contact Investor Relations or Corporate Communications. We're here to answer those for you. Thank you very much. Thanks, operator.
Donald B. Casey: Okay. This is Don. In the near term, we think the changes that we're making in Basic Economy are going to help us. It's going to make the product more competitive. It's going to allow us to offer the product to more customers, and we think that's going to help our yield performance. In addition to that, some of the schedule changes that we're making and taking capacity out are going to help us in the domestic market as well. We still see a strong corporate strength, again our corporate revenue was up 10%, and that continues to be strong. As we went through the quarter, we saw improving yields in close-in build. And we expect, as we look forward, into the third quarter, that the domestic market is going to be better for us in the third quarter than in the second.
Donald B. Casey: ...just, one other item. As we kind of look through kind of opportunities in kind of the revenue management space, that really kind of affects us globally. We think there is an opportunity for us to do better in periods of really low demand or trough periods. And this applies really across the network, but it does apply to the domestic market as well, as we look at it. Obviously, our objective here is not to maximize load factor, it's to maximize revenue. But in periods of really low demand, we think there's an opportunity for us to actually grow our load factor and maintain the overall yield portfolio we also have. That's through some adjustments we're going to be making in our forecasting, and also our kind of work process within the revenue management space. We also believe that during these time periods, there are some real channel-specific things that we can do as well. And so, we think this is really kind of the next evolution for us and next focus. We think there's a lot of leverage in this going forward, really across the entire business.
Donald B. Casey: No. This is Don Casey. No, we ended up with a benefit related to Hurricane Harvey. We had a negative impact associated with Maria and Irma, and net-net all of the hurricanes last year had about a three-tenths benefit to us. So even outside of the hurricane effect, we see unit revenue domestic improving from the second quarter.
Donald B. Casey: And in terms of potential benefit, look, we're able to offer more choice for our customers and a joint business relationship ensures that we're able to sell on each other's networks, and really give customers the opportunity for the best of what the joint business partners have to offer. And so we look forward to that as these approvals come.
Donald B. Casey: Again, we're also diversifying some of our sources of revenue as well through growing our credit card business and our ancillary revenue stream, all of which will help us grow the top line.
Donald B. Casey: Okay. Hey, yeah. First of all, I wouldn't describe it as a big problem. This was really an issue of competitiveness, right? We've been kind of watching it now since we rolled the product out. The industry hasn't aligned on product attributes, and we think kind of shifting this direction is going to allow us to offer this choice to more customers and that's going to lead to a better revenue outcome for us.
Donald B. Casey: We weren't giving as many customers the choice for buying Basic Economy under our current product configuration and by changing the attributes, we're going to be able to offer this product to more customers.
Donald B. Casey: Yes. The scope wasn't as large as we had originally anticipated, and we think this is going to increase the scope of coverage of the product.
Donald B. Casey: No. I think all we'll say is that from where we are right now we expect the results to improve in excess of $100 million a year.
Donald B. Casey: Our current upsell rate is 63%, and we expect as we change the product attribute with carry-on bag that that's going to go down a little bit to around 50%, but the number of customers that we'll be upselling is going to go up.
Donald B. Casey: It will once it's implemented. Obviously, we're a ways from getting it implemented, but once it's implemented we think it's going to help us – have a material benefit for both us and LATAM, as we're able to offer a much, much broader network and much greater choice to customers.
Derek J. Kerr: We're on that CASM number. We do not – we're guiding that for the next two years staying in the 1% to 2% range. So, we have not changed that. We will go through the planning process. We haven't done that yet for next year and we'll update that when we go through that planning process, but there's no change to the 2019 or 2020 CASM guide at this point in time.
Derek J. Kerr: I view it as one airline making a capacity decision. We have the ability to do and have more large RJs and we were able to negotiate a deal with Embraer and Bombardier to bring in those aircraft earlier. The push of the A321s is more of a, we have the capacity already, we have aircraft that we can keep around, we're putting 737s through the Oasis Project and modifying those aircraft, so there really wasn't the need to take on new aircraft at this point in time, which enabled us to push them out till 2024. So, it's really looking at the delivery stream and making sure that you're not – you don't want to replace aircraft too early when other aircraft are fine and can be flown in the markets that we have. So, that was just more of a decision from a CapEx standpoint to push those out just from a need perspective on the narrow-body aircraft.
Derek J. Kerr: And Dan, what we presented was $1.35 billion in 2018 for the revenue synergies and $775 million in 2019. I think there's about a shift of about $200 million, so the 2018 will be down to about $1 billion – $1.1 billion $1.5 billion, but that $200 million is going to go into 2019, so we're up to $975 million in 2019. So, the way to look at it is we're a little bit behind due to some of the Basic Economy stuff that we talked about. But that shift is going to go into 2019, that $200 million, as we stay on target for the $2.9 billion.
Robert D. Isom: Sure. I'll chime in here. Performance the last couple of months hasn't been where we've wanted it. We can point to some things. Certainly the PSA outage was one item. We've also had some pretty tough weather year-over-year out of Miami, which has impacted the system. But we see a lot of opportunity going forward, though. And certainly getting the airline fully integrated is going to be a big deal to us. We're making good progress on the path to getting our flight attendants integrated, and we're also hopeful that we'll have our fleet and mechanics fully integrated as we look forward as well. The kind of things that you look to improve upon is certainly aircraft reliability. And we're dedicating a lot of effort to making sure that as we move toward some of the older fleets, the 767s and the Super 80s, as they move out of the fleet, that they get the attention that they deserve. Our folks are working really hard. We've got a game plan to get back really to being where we expect to be, which is best at departing on time, and completing flights, and ensuring that bags are delivered too. Couple points I'd like to note, though. First off, I do know that in terms of servicing customers as far as missed connections, I know that we're doing a nice job there as we've seen missed connections drop year-over-year. We've seen complaints drop certainly from a DOT perspective. And then, also our internal measures in terms of compliments and complaints ratios have improved as well. No doubt, we've got some work to do. We're in the middle of the summer, our team's working hard, and we know we'll get back on path.
Robert D. Isom: As far as the gates go, we anticipate that we'll start getting those online late in the first quarter, early second quarter in Dallas-Fort Worth. And then we'll ramp up from there, the 15 gates. In Charlotte, the seven gates really they start coming online at the end of the year – more towards the end of the year, and I think that we'll have four or so gates ready in the third quarter and fourth quarter and the remainder of those in 2019. And what we intend to do is that we have a nice opportunity to ensure first that any growth that we do is positioned there, but as well there's opportunity for redeployment from underperforming places within our network. And we're going through that process, and you'll see a lot of movement on that and announcements on that forthcoming in the months to come in 2018.
Robert D. Isom: It's a competitive marketplace. We think that we're sizing the airline that's right for American, American's network, and American's customers. And as we take a look forward, we really like the opportunity that we have in front of us in DFW and Charlotte and the opportunities that we have there. So, we're keeping an eye on it. Certainly our market position in our hubs is important, and we have to offer a network that is attractive to our customers and we'll make sure that we continue to do that.
Robert D. Isom: What I'd tell you is that we're certainly down the path and out of the first year. I think what we had said, we're about $0.5 billion...
Robert D. Isom: First half of the year about $0.5 billion through. There's obviously a little bit of a setback because of Basic Economy, but with the change to the program, we think that we will be able to recapture some of what had fallen off. In addition to that, though, we know that there are other opportunities that will more than make up for whatever's been lost with Basic Economy. So, if we take a look at, from Investor Day last fall, with where we stand today and what we're adding to it, we think that we're on track. And Derek, can say a little bit more.
Robert D. Isom: David, as a matter of fact these are changes that we've announced previously and it's due to ultimately the profitability that we had seen and certainly as we forecast with higher oil prices. It's due solely to that.
Robert D. Isom: Here's what I'd tell you. Well, first off, we've been really successful. As I said in my opening comments, we grew DFW by 4% in terms of ASMs and we're able to outpace that with unit revenue growth. And we see our opportunities to be in Charlotte and DFW and filling out the gates in Chicago. We have growth plan for next year, as Derek has said, but it's more or less going to be GDP or lower. And we think that the gates that we have are going to be more than capable of absorbing that.
Robert D. Isom: And as we take a look at your redeployment opportunities, it really is, as Doug had said, there's utilization opportunities that we're doing now, that maybe we will cut back on. And then, in terms of around the edges, maybe some aircraft in certain parts of the network are better used certainly in those new gates. And so, it won't have a material impact on the hubs outside of DFW and Charlotte and Chicago.
Stephen L. Johnson: Well, let me talk about the – this is Steve Johnson by the way. Let me talk about the implementation, and Don can talk about the revenue.
Stephen L. Johnson: That's what I meant. I think there remains a chance that we can get Qantas approved this year. We're working very closely with the DOT there. They're taking really a fresh and I think very thoughtful look at the whole concept of antitrust immunity around JBs, and Qantas is turning out to be the platform for that. So, it has taken a little longer than we had hoped, but we remain optimistic that it's going to get done, and we remain hopeful that we can get it done, get the approval in the fourth quarter or early in the first quarter. Aer Lingus is – should, I think we all thought that Aer Lingus would be a straightforward application, but the DOT again is taking a different look at Aer Lingus, primarily around the idea about putting a low-cost, low-fare carrier into a joint business. Their view, that's not been done before, and they want to make sure that that's going to deliver the consumer benefits that we promise. So, that's going to take a little bit more time. And my guess is that Aer Lingus is probably going to be an early 2019 decision by the DOT, so implementation after that. LATAM is – we're still waiting to hear from the Chilean competition tribunal that's reviewing that, and once we've heard from them, we're actually going to file a new application in LATAM because our application now is more than two years old and we want to update that and use the learnings that we've had in Qantas and Aer Lingus to supplement that application. That's certainly going to be acted on by the DOT some time in probably the second half of 2019, I would've thought.
Stephen L. Johnson: And this is Steve. Not just LATAM, but Qantas and Aer Lingus, and the JVs that our competitors are applying for – they provide really fantastic benefits for travelers and our customers, and we look forward to being able to offer that as well.
