William Douglas Parker: Yes, Hunter, look, the -- I don't know that I'd just give the numbers you rattled off say that it certainly represents a change in the culture. I thought this culture at US Airways had a lot of positives, and indeed, we tried to take the best of each and built an airline that now today we're really proud of. So and I think that's the -- that's going to be the case with American and US Airways. We certainly are proud of what we've built at US Airways. The American team is rightfully proud of what they have there. In most cases, what you find as you go talk to people is they're incredibly similar in that both have really great groups of professional employees who care about running airlines and taking care of customers, and that's something we'll build on. We have some cultural differences in the management teams, of course that we all recognize they're there, and -- but each of them have their benefits. And we're going to try and meld those together and end up with the best of both.
William Douglas Parker: Yes. Let me go, and then Scott or Robert can chime in. I think that's probably a fair -- well, it's certainly true. Given the ability to flight -- to get fewer flights in and out of airports, airlines do -- our -- we do our best to minimize the impacts to as few customers as possible. And what that means, of course, therefore, if you're going to have to just cut back flights, you cut back the smaller airplanes which tend to be in the smaller airports. So yes, small communities will see -- be -- more of the effect from this than others, which is highly unfortunate. And on top of that, I mean, Robert can give you some more details. But we've certainly seen an impact over the last couple days already. We've been able to manage it, thankfully, for our customers. Much like, I think, Delta's said they've been able to manage it as well, but this is the kind of thing -- we have really good people that can manage through situations like this. And you can do it for periods of time. But this can't continue. This is a situation that we will absolutely need to get resolved. It will have an impact on smaller communities in the near term, it's going to have an impact on everybody in the longer term. And we've got -- this doesn't make any sense. And it's something that we have to, as a country, get resolved because it does -- it's not the right thing for the flying public, it's not the right thing for our country. We – it's not the right thing for the FAA to be doing. There are other ways to cut these costs rather than harming the air travel system and the flying public. Robert, do you want -- Robert, you got any details you want to provide on...
William Douglas Parker: We've had some customs issues. TSA actually has figured out ways, it appears, to get their budget reduction without impacting the flying public, which is what we'd like to see the FAA do. It does -- again, I mean, look, it's early on, and again -- and we've seen some impact. It's been mitigated by a lot of hard work and it -- but again, I think it gives -- I believe, if that continues, it gets worse, not better. We haven't had any bad weather in the United States for the last couple days, and that would certainly -- weather would make this much worse, bad weather would make this much worse. But look, we're -- I just can't imagine this stays in place for an extended period of time. It's just such terrible policy. And I think there are well-meaning people in Congress and in the administration that don't want to see this happen and won't let it continue. I hope that's right. I can't tell you for certain exactly what's going to happen and how it's going to happen, but this is -- this doesn't make sense for anybody, and everyone knows it doesn't make sense. And there are right-headed people who are working hard to figure out how to make it stop. But it needs to stop. This will absolutely get worse before it gets better. We can handle it for a little while, but this can't continue.
William Douglas Parker: Yes, again, I was -- well, Dan, look, I don't have any knowledge -- we're working very hard. All the airlines, A4A is, working very hard to try and get resolution to this. There are a number of different vehicles, the best of which would be legislation. We're encouraged today to see a letter come from Senators Rockefeller and Thune to the FAA, so bipartisan head to the commerce committee asking the FAA to respond to some direct-in-point question. So that's encouraging. Those -- but again, I don't -- I can't tell you for certain, Dan, when it ends. What I can tell you is what we've seen already is gotten, I think, the attention of a lot of people who don't think this is the right thing to happen. And it doesn't take -- and I think anyone who takes the time to look at the facts and understands -- and starts to understand what's going on here understands this isn't what government's supposed to do. And our government is not serving us well on this issue. And there are enough people, I think, in government that, when they see things like that, that it will get remedied. So that's an optimistic thought on my part. I don't have a plan to tell you how it's going to happen. It's just what I hope is the case and what generally is the case in circumstances like this. I know it's not always the case. But that when we have situations like this where the wrong thing's being done and the general public is getting harmed over political issues generally, those political issues go by the wayside, and that's what I hope happens here. I mean, look, to put some numbers on this, the FAA's budget is $16 billion, and they need to get $485 million out of their ops budget and they're getting $160 million out of ATC. $160 million out of $16 billion is causing all this pain. There is definitely -- there are definitely ways the FAA can find that $160 million without causing this much pain to the flying public. And we all know it, and I think -- I'm hopeful we'll get there. So that's all I got, Dan, is the -- nothing concrete, other than to tell you a lot of people are working really hard on it because no one thinks it makes sense.
William Douglas Parker: Yes, not so much a black box. I mean, there's a lot going on, just it's unclear which box is going to be the one that works.
William Douglas Parker: Great. Okay, well, thank you all very much for your time and attention. Any further questions, either give investor relations or corporate communications a call. We'll be happy to answer any questions you have. Thanks again. Goodbye.
J. Scott Kirby: So for the fourth quarter, you do see a relatively large capacity increase for us. At the same time, I'd point out, you see large CASM decline for us. So a lot of our capacity increase is driven by having more seats on the airplane, on average. That's true throughout the year, but also true in the fourth quarter. And the first and second quarters, we've got about 2% more seats per departure on our aircraft, which has a depressing effect on RASM but has a much larger effect on CASM. And so that's very P&L positive, and you can see that reflected in our first quarter results. For the fourth quarter, we do have a lot of flexibility. We have a lot of time between now and then to prune capacity if we want to. Under the existing US Airways agreements, we have flexibility to reduce capacity if we need to in the fourth quarter, some flexibility. And assuming the merger closes, we will have even more flexibility to reduce capacity in the fourth quarter because our agreement, the restrictions we have on minimum fleet and minimum utilization are changing. And in particular, they're going to a rolling 12 months, as opposed to a month-by-month calculation, which gives us a lot more flexibility. So the fourth quarter, we're telling you what our plan is today. You see really strong CASM as a result. But we have a lot of time between now and then to adjust that based on what the macroeconomic outlook and fuel outlook are.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, first, I don't know that I would attribute -- agree with the attribution to consolidation or not for this answer. But I'd start with the fact that US Airways just reported an all-time record first quarter profit; Delta, I know, today reported -- at least I think that they said that their first quarter profit in over a decade. So if you look at the bottom line results, I think airlines are doing quite well today. It is true that, relative to total GDP, our percentage -- our revenue as a percentage of total GDP remains below where it was a decade ago. And I think that's recovering independent of consolidation, that that's recovering back to that level. It's not a smooth ride, but from where we were in 2009 to today, it's made quite a recovery. That continues. There also tends to be a correlation, with a little bit of a lag, between fuel prices and the economy. So when fuel prices go up, our revenues go up pretty soon thereafter within 2 to 3 months. And it's less rational, I suppose, although maybe it's because of economic weakness, but when fuel prices come down, sometimes, the revenue momentum slows as well. So there may be some of that happening right now. Clearly, right now also, sequestration and just the uncertainty that, that creates not only for the direct impact of government travel, but the uncertainty, that creates noise around the data. There's more volatility, I think, in airline revenue data than some of those other data sources. But I feel like we're on a good trend even if it's not always a straight line up.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I know that it was a surprise, but there's certainly been continued momentum. In prior years, for example, we had started to see consumer behavior change with regard to bags, so we had some of that built into our guidance. Baggage revenue was up year-over-year. We've seen significant growth in some of the other ancillary lines, like Choice Seat revenue, which is doing very well. Really, almost all the lines of ancillary revenues grew at significant rates. So we do see strength there. I don't think it was really a surprise, but it was positive compared to, I guess, where we thought when we built the budget for 2013. But we've continued to see and continue seeing strengths in that line.
J. Scott Kirby: One thing I'll say is, we said on previous calls, Choice Seats is a big revenue line. It's now running at a run rate of about $100 million a year for us, and it can grow much larger as we expand the scope of the distribution. Today, it can only be sold through direct channels for US Airways. And we now today announced our first partnership where we've got the fifth largest online travel agent that's going to be selling it directly in the booking path. So we're making progress on being able to sell Choice Seats through more distribution channels. And that's one that as we continue to make progress, has significant upside in the hundreds of millions of dollars, to be able to sell more and more Choice Seats through all the distribution channels, which also allows you to sell a higher percentage of the seats on the airplane.
J. Scott Kirby: So first, the $250 million is an estimate of the cost of delays for us, as opposed to an estimate really of customer book-away. And so there's not -- in my guidance, there's nothing that assumes customers will be booking away. It does assume that sequester continues to impact demand, you know that government revenue continues on the trend that we've seen for March and the beginning of April and that business demand affiliated with government travel continues on that same trend. But it does not assume any incremental effect from the FAA furlough issue.
J. Scott Kirby: On the first question, about codeshare, we are working with our soon-to-be coworkers at American to do that as soon as possible. We hope to have that implemented within 5 to 6 weeks after closing. So a lot of planning work going on for that at the moment. And on the second question, unfortunately, that's a future pricing-related action, so I can't comment on it.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we're working with our Star partners today. Everyone is working together, both the Star partners, US Airways and our future oneworld partners, with the guiding principle of doing what's best for customers and making sure that it's as seamless as possible for customers and that no one has booked a Star itinerary. Anyone that has booked a Star itinerary has everything go smoothly and their flights taken care of before we transition to oneworld. And so we don't have the details yet to announce because there's a lot of work that has to go on with all the airlines of Star and us to make sure we're doing it in a seamless way for customers. But we hope, probably between the next month or so, to have details on that, that we can tell everyone.
J. Scott Kirby: I don't -- Glenn, we'll have to get back to you on the exact number. I think we actually disclosed, I just don't remember. Derek is saying about 1 point. And I think it was about 1.5 of capacity, but I just don't remember for sure.
J. Scott Kirby: Generally, we're going to try to have capacity changed 2 to 3 months in advance of the flown schedule. So inside that window, we're much less likely to change capacity than outside.
J. Scott Kirby: Sure. There historically has been a little bit of a lag between fuel prices and the revenue environment. We've -- the industry's gotten to where it's more proactive at raising prices when fuel price goes up and so passing through increases more quickly than in the opposite. So I think that probably is the asymmetry; we're better at raising prices when fuel price goes up. When fuel prices go down, if they're going down because of economic, some kind of economic weakness, then it's less likely fuel prices -- or that revenues will go up as a result. But if they're going down because of more supply for fuel or something that's happening with China's economy, then -- meaning that the U.S. economy is staying strong, we're much better prepared to hold onto that because, as long as the supply-demand dynamics for airline revenues in the U.S. are good, it's a lot easier to keep pricing firm.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I'm going to always prefer lower fuel prices to higher fuel prices. I know sometimes the analysts write about the silver lining effects of high and volatile fuel prices leading to capacity discipline across the industry, in particular. I think that capacity discipline would stay there, anyway. Even if you had a couple of years of moderating fuel prices with lower volatility, buying an airplane, a 20-year asset, it's hard for anyone who lived through 2008, 2009 to think of fuel prices as going to be flat and not volatile for the next 20 years. And so I think lower fuel prices are good and would always root for lower fuel prices. That said, as an industry, we have gotten much better at passing on fuel prices. So higher fuel prices are less of a concern than they would have been 4 or 5 years ago because we're better at dealing with it. But again, I'd rather see oil prices lower than high. I'd also add a bit of my own commentary that I think one of the underappreciated impacts of low fuel prices is on the economy. And if you look at the income that people have, especially disposable income, fuel is a huge component of that. And when gasoline prices are low, it -- for me, there's very few things that we can do that are good for the U.S. economy -- more good for the U.S. economy than keeping fuel prices low. And low fuel prices -- high fuel prices are just a tax, they're a regressive tax on consumers and hurt the economy. So low fuel prices, I think, are overall good for the economy and good for airlines.
J. Scott Kirby: So to be clear, I think we've incorporated the initial effects of sequester into our guidance, and we think that's right. What we haven't incorporated is, is there going to be some incremental effect on RASM from the FAA furloughs and delays that consumers will experience. And we're assuming it gets resolved before any of that happens or that we will manage to work proactively, both ourselves and the FAA to manage through that. So there's nothing in it for that, but there is for just the existing sequester. The reduced government travel is built into it moving forward.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I was just going to add, in fact, it has the opposite effect because you don't know where it's going to happen or when it's going to happen, and as a result, you can't plan for it. We have a really good planning system for where our planes are going to be and when they're going to get their regularly scheduled maintenance. And if you throw that schedule off, now all of a sudden you're also now canceling a flight or delaying a flight or changing a flight schedule because the airplane is not in the right place. So it has the -- unfortunately, it has the opposite effect.
J. Scott Kirby: It still is not much. I mean, I just -- I've said our government revenues are 3% of total revenues, so maybe they're 2.5% for another airline or something. But I don't think it is hugely disproportionate but probably is a little more for us with our DC operations and East Coast, which the Northeast tends to have more government-related business.
J. Scott Kirby: We did not. And it's really difficult to do because we don't know where the issues are going to be until the issues are there, typically.
Robert D. Isom: Sure. So far, we've only been a couple of days into it, but we've seen an impact. Just on Sunday, late at night, we had a lot of delays out in L.A., shouldn't have been there. We're in programs out on the East Coast and New York. And again, those, in many respects, would not have been there. Just yesterday, for example, and this was really just due to a jury duty, a couple of jury duties and then some sick calls, in Charlotte, with their ATC operations, we really had a slow day in terms of arrival performance out of Charlotte, our biggest hub. So our A14 in Charlotte yesterday was 64%, something like that, and it should have been well in excess of 80%. So the issues that we're dealing with right now are that, look, you can't predict this stuff. You don't know when people are going to be out. We don't have a lot of advance warning from the FAA, there's not a lot of preplanning going on. And the impact, as Doug said, if this continues on for a long time, it's just simply something that we're not set up to manage over a long-term basis.
Robert D. Isom: Yes. No, so from a cargo perspective, we've seen a little bit of boost on the international front. So it's largely been the return of some of that business. And we don't know if it's a long-term trend or not, but the good news is that we're seeing some strength going forward.
Robert D. Isom: No, you're right, Doug. It's just -- and even that, as -- and even the cost that we've given for those delays is probably understated because we're -- most of the costs that we deal with on a realtime basis are point-in-time. They're not for extended, comprehensive, a very broad range type issues. And that's just on the cost side. And Doug mentioned that we certainly haven't taken into account any aspect of customer behavior from a revenue perspective.
