Robert Isom: Thanks, Devon. As we outlined at our Investor Day last month, American has a changed airline with a strong foundation, and we're well positioned to create value. We have a young and simplified fleet that continues to be a differentiating factor for American. We're operating with excellence. We have built a strong network with fantastic partnerships around the globe and we're engaging with customers through our industry-leading travel rewards program, demonstrating that life is better as an Advantage member.   We're managing our unit costs better than our network peers, and we're focused on reengineering our business improving asset utilization and enhancing productivity across the airline. These unique advantages have us well positioned to achieve our stated objectives this year and in the years ahead. All of this will result in margin expansion and growing free cash flow generation, creating value for our shareholders. We're committed to delivering on what we said we would achieve, and we will provide updates on our progress along the way.  We have significant opportunities ahead of us, and we intend to take full advantage of those opportunities by leaning into our strengths and continuing to execute. As we move through the year, we will continue to leverage our fleet, network and rewards program and build on our strong operational momentum. And with that, I'll turn it back to the operator to open up the line for analyst questions. 
Robert Isom: And Vasu, I would add that, that's a critical component of our distribution strategy as well. We absolutely positively must make sure that our customers, no matter where they interact with us, have the full access to the goods services, amenities that American can offer. That's the key for us going forward. So I like what we see in terms of trends, we're going to pursue more of it. And then from that perspective, from a technology basis, we now are at a point where 95% of all transactions that customers have with us can be digitally serviced. So this is a coordinated effort across everything that we're doing. And as Vasu said earlier as well, we'll make adjustments along the way. This is about win in the long run. But in the short run, we've got to make tactical adjustments and we're doing that. 
Robert Isom: All right. Well, I like that question because it gives me a chance to give a shout out. We all hear in the supply chain of partners or vendors that have really not recovered through the pandemic very well. We all know those names. But I want to give a shout out to Embraer. They have delivered day in and day out to that the pandemic, no matter the concerns of their supply chain. The rest of the industry and our OEM is going to learn a lot from them.   So I'm proud to be the operator of the world's largest fleet of Embraer aircraft. And I'm also proud to have an order book that's larger than anybody else as well. So we are tied to Embraer. Now that aircraft that we use today, the E175 ideally suited to our regional network and it's also ideally suited for the constraints that we have in terms of the mix between our mainline and regional flying.   So as we look forward, I feel really good about the fleet plan that we have, I don't know about new offerings. But for the time being, our narrow-body fleet and what we have projected our wide-body fleet, we're in pretty good shape on aircraft through the end of the decade. 
Robert Isom: Thanks, Helane. I'll take the flight attendant question. We've had a philosophy at American where we are going to pay our teammates at the best in the industry. And we've been really successful in negotiating contracts with most recently with our pilots or dispatchers and most -- I guess, most, most recently was with our agents. And we're really pleased that they're paid at the top of the industry. That is the exact same philosophy that we have with our flight attendants. It's what we pursued throughout negotiations. That's been the basis of every offer that we've had on the table.   And of course, there have been movements in the industry and the top of the market, most notably by the recent pay increases that we've been made aware of at Delta and our flight attendants will benefit accordingly. And I really look forward to this being the basis for us getting to a deal. I'm very optimistic about that. And then in regard to how that would possibly impact our financials going forward, of course, we've identified that this will be something we'll do this year. Devon can give you more insight on how that flows through our forecast. 
Robert Isom: And Helane, just to add to this, just, look, we've built a great relationship with GOL. And my hope is they're able to restructure in a fashion that benefits them and I know that they really appreciate the revenue we put on their aircraft as well. So my guess is that GOL will be something that is involved with American as we look forward to. 
Robert Isom: Really no update. We're pursuing that, and we're confident that we'll be able to make our case and the facts will prevail. And for us, it's more about making sure that we just have the right precedent that's set out there. At some point in time, we may want to entertain something again. But right now, it's really just to make sure that we have our interests protected. 
Robert Isom: Consistent with what we've been saying, we are focused on the debt reduction target. We're looking forward to talking about other opportunities beyond that point. But right now, we want to get through our $15 billion hit that number and then we will talk more about capital allocation as we get beyond 2025. 
Robert Isom: One of the things that we mentioned at our Investor Day, though, as well that against that backdrop of the projected financial growth of the country, we continue to see a lot of constraints that are going to continue to hit the industry. And so we built into our forecast, what we know so far and haven't gone really any farther than that. But when you take into account the issues with aircraft delivery delays, other supply chain issues, even air traffic control issues.   I really think it's going to be a challenge to produce a lot of capacity. And for that reason, I think that American is we distinguish ourselves. We have the vast majority of the capacity that the resources that we need to fly the capacity that we have out there. And while ours in the back half of the year actually moderates as well, I think we're going to be in better shape than the rest of our competitors. 
Robert Isom: So Michael, I'll reiterate some comments I made earlier this morning and Nate Gatten, who heads up our government affairs is going to chime in here as well. I'll just start with this, yes, we have the same interest as the DOT, which is taking care of customers and making sure that they get full value for what they pay. That's the nature of our business. We've done incredibly well at executing on that front. We're the most reliable airline in terms of completion factor, certainly over the last couple of years now.  And so we feel really good about that. In terms of what we do when disruptions happen, we refunded, I think, over $2 billion worth of customers' ticket fares last year alone. And so we're on top of the policies and the scorecards that are already established. I'd tell you that from kind of top of mind, the issues that there are a lot of issues that I think are still gray.  So if the intent of these rules is to really make sure airlines don't over-schedule and in the event of disruptions don't have meltdowns, which fortunately, I'm very confident in the way that we schedule an airline. We don't overschedule. We make sure that we have the resources. And fortunately, we haven't had the issues with major meltdowns certainly over the last couple of years.   If that's the intent, fine, if the intent is something broader then we really need to be careful because there's a couple of things that I feel are important to note. One is that we have the safest -- we've built the safest form of transportation, air travel in the United States, based on just years of doing the right things and having the right motivations. When we talk about weather, and we talk about maintenance, those are synonymous to me with safety. And we have to make sure that the inputs to the system, the motivations, the penalties or rewards are consistent with the way we want our people motivated and operating.   And I think that, that's something that we need to figure out. And then the other piece that I think is fairly gray is, look, there's a lot of parties that are involved with air transportation. We control a lot of it. We certainly don't control the weather, but we also depend on the FA for aircraft control, not just short run, in the long run as well. We have to make the right decisions for our customers. So in the event of diversions-related medical emergencies, we're going to have to be smart in what we do and always put the customer first. We have hurricanes and volcanic eruptions, and all other things. We have to be smart about how we deploy our network and how we recover. We don't want to end up in a situation where we end up not serving the customers in the way they want to be serviced just to avoid penalties.   So Nate, you've done a lot more research on that. I have to tell you, too, I've just seen the surface level. So I just want to bring up those kinds of things that I've mentioned in the past. Go ahead. 
Robert Isom: Thanks, Andrew. I'm going to hand it off to Devon because we can be really clear on this. Go ahead. 
Robert Isom: So Ali, I've gave this update earlier today as well. I've talked to everyone at Boeing that I can possibly address, and the message is the same, get your act together. And it starts with producing quality products one at a time off the assembly line, get back to the basics, quality and safety are just paramount. I can't tell you if they're making progress or not because it's all actions that matter, not words. And we're continuing to work with them.   We'll do everything we can to support Boeing. We need them to be successful in the long run. But as I've said before, as well, we're going to make sure that we're protected. So we've got an order for an aircraft that I absolutely love, which is the MAX 10, it will fit very well within our network that doesn't come until 2028.   And hopefully, Boeing has their act together to produce that aircraft and deliver it. And if they can, great, if they can't, we're going to be protected on that front, too. So I come at this with a very sober mindset, which is show us, get it done, and we'll be there. We need Boeing to be successful, and they should just eliminate all distractions from the task at hand. 
Robert Isom: No, we see nothing. The aircraft that we fly in our fleet, we've had for, in some cases, decades. And that product maintained by American Airlines flown by American Airlines pilots. Those are quality products that we're proud to operate. So no. And as a matter of fact, we're excited about what we see in terms of customers of 787s and the deployment that we make, we just announced that we're going to be putting a new interior on the 789 deliveries and the Boeing aircraft that have been produced in the past the 73s, the 777-300s, the 777-200s.   Those have all been very quality products that our customers enjoy. 
Robert Isom: Leslie, just to put a fine point on it, we see strong demand, and we're going to revenue manage appropriately. But the marketplace, domestic international looks very strong. 
Robert Isom: Latif, thanks. Look, we don't like reporting a loss. That's a challenge for us. It's also an opportunity. As we look forward, we are encouraged by what we see in terms of industry dynamics and also by those things that we've identified in the first quarter that we can go and address. We're going to do that. And we're going to stick to our longer-term game plan that we pointed out at Investor Day, and that is based on this that the environment for air travel is very -- is constructive.   We see demand coming back. It's strong again this year, and that's favorable for American Airlines because that demand is also coming in the places that we are strong. We are a changed airline. We're an airline that delivers on our commitments and we will continue to do so.   We will be focused on execution as we go throughout the year and there's great opportunities ahead as well. And those opportunities, as we outlined on Investor Day are really based on our fleet. We have the vast majority of the assets that we need to fly our schedule and more already in-house. We're probably less dependent than anyone on outside services to actually run our airline.   We're proud of the team that we've assembled. They're doing incredibly well, best operational reliability in our company's history and leading the industry in terms of completion factor. Our network is something that we're going to lean into. We're proud of what we've built, the regional nature that extends out to global reach in this fantastic set of partners that we can leverage.   And we have this opportunity now. As we've talked about on the call and through various questions, to create a travel rewards ecosystem, distribution platform through the renegotiation of our co-brand deals. We're going to do that. And at the same time, we're going to be incredibly focused on reengineering our business and running as efficiently as possible.   I'm pleased with the progress we're making on all those fronts. And as we progress through the year, I expect margin expansion and generation of free cash flow and that bodes well for our shareholders. So we'll end the call and get back to work. Thank you. 
Vasu Raja: Absolutely. Absolutely. It's an excellent question, one I suspect it's on many people's minds. Look, and actually, the tail of our year, the quarterly progression of TRASM really starts in the first quarter. And as we saw in the first quarter, there are 3 things that impacted us in the first quarter, which changed materially as the year progresses. The first is in first quarter, competitive capacity grew the most in our markets and strength in the domestic and short-haul network.   Two, in our first quarter, we flew too much. When you look at what we did, about 60% of our growth ASMs were in off-peak times a day or days of week, which is about 10 to 15 points higher than our next competitor. And the third thing, and related to Robert's marks at the top of this is Q1 marks the end of really a year of transition of our distribution strategies in which we were really focused on actually creating the right long-term customer proposition, reducing a lot of the unnecessary expenses that went along with it.   All 3 of those conditions start to change as we go forward, which is not just us guessing, you actually start to see it. On Q1, refer to my first point, we see industry capacity starting to change as we go into the summer and certainly into the fall. That reduction is coming most heavily in the narrow-body system, which uniquely favors us. Two, as we go in the third quarter, you've already seen this in our published schedules, and you'll see more of it in the days ahead.  We are also taking a much more careful look at our off-peak or off-time channel flying, so we'll produce less flying in the trough too, which also pretty benefit to TRASM. And now having gone through a year of transition with our distribution strategy, we get to do optimization. And we see a lot of ways to be able to do that, which is great for our customers.   Frankly, can really bring in a lot of our travel agency and corporate partners. But very critically, can drive revenue and profit for the airline. And so you see that in our sequential build as we go quarter-to-quarter through the year. 
Vasu Raja: Yes. And look, it's probably best to give a sense for our 2Q by entity. As we go look into 2Q, what we see is in the Transpacific network, we anticipate RASM to be flat to slightly up and Transatlantic mid-single digits up, in Latin America double digits down. And domestic, we expect to be flat to slightly down but very importantly, as we were -- in our peaks in 1Q, we were actually inflecting positive in domestic. April has a lot of industry capacity comes back, we turn a little negative.   But as we end the Q1 period, we expect to see and are already starting to see more favorable revenue outlook in domestic. So when you look at it in that way, in our 2Q, we anticipate that the long-haul system at large will be positive on a RASM basis the domestic and short-haul system down with a steadily improving trend, both in domestic and short-haul international every single month in the second quarter. 
Vasu Raja: Yes, absolutely. Because this is related to my earlier answer, as we go and get more regional supportability as the year progresses, you can already see it in our published summary and early 3Q schedules, we're driving a lot more connectivity into all of our hubs. Dallas and Charlotte, our 2 largest hubs will not just have some of their large capacity base as ever.   The same thing will be true in Phoenix and Miami and all the core parts of our airline, which perform well in the summer and drive the most in profitability. And so really, this ties back to my earlier answer as we are now in a place where we can go and optimize so much of the -- so many of the things that are unique to us. We will see an increasing amount of really P&L benefit as the year progresses. 
Vasu Raja: Yes. Sure. And there certainly is incremental upside because every time we go grow in DFW or Charlotte, we grow at a relatively low marginal cost. We're not adding gates. We're not doing anything else to go drive the expense of the airport and they're already low-cost airport platforms for us. So the more we go and do that, it doesn't really drive a lot of incremental cost.  But very importantly, every connection that we go stick into DFW or Charlotte comes in a really high marginal RASM versus the system. And so we're very encouraged by as we bring back the RJs, as we upgauge in those hubs, really what we go and do is not to drive more market share in DFW or Charlotte, but we create a lot more connectivity for customers all across the U.S. And just like I mentioned at Investor Day, in a ton of markets where customer demand is growing, wealth is growing, but frankly, their options are limited and American Airlines gives them really great choices and they want to pay for it. 
Vasu Raja: Sure. And let me start by saying this, the short-haul international network, as we call it, Mexico, Caribbean and Latin America or short-haul MCLA for short, is actually a really key part of our system, and it is a place where we are competitively advantaged, not because of any one hub like Miami, but the combination of all of our hubs and our fleet structure means that we can go serve a lot of markets at a very low cost base and drive a lot of revenue for our customers over it.   So it's a big chunk of our flying. It can be 1/3 of our flying, which is much larger than what our competitors are. In Q1, the industry grew a lot into the market, too, which impacts us on a RASM basis. But RASM doesn't necessarily turn into profitability. And as we look at that, it's a market where seasonally, other people will go and put more capacity in it. But if you do look at the grand scheme of things, we've always been big, we've always grown, and it's going to be a really key part to what we do. And you're right, it was implicit in your question that the short-haul network is faring differently than the long-haul network. We see a short-haul network, which has double-digit negative RASM but is not, by any means, unprofitable for us yet.   There are some other things that we'll go do and we've already loaded some things where we're actually endeavoring to grow it. But our long-haul network is positive as we go into Q1. We anticipate a lot of improvement to both short haul and long haul as the year goes along to. 
Vasu Raja: Well, actually, Jamie, it's an excellent question. I'm happy that you saw it because that is actually part of it. And Chicago, as we see it more and more actually plays a really complementary role with DFW and Charlotte because we can go drive a lot more connectivity on it. To my earlier point about the RJs, as those RJs are coming back, what we get to go do in Chicago that we haven't been able to do in a long time, is put connectivity into Chicago from places like the Upper Midwest that are either unique to Chicago or can serve more efficiently over Chicago.   But it creates more pathways for customers across the upper Midwest to go and access more parts of the world. And we find that to be actually really high marginal RASM, marginal profit flying to be able to go and do, but it's uniquely made available through the increasing supportability of our regional fleet. 
Vasu Raja: Absolutely, Jamie. I'm extremely happy that you asked that question. To give you the best answer is it worth it to understand where we've been to understand where we're going and how -- as we call it the preferred agency program fits into it. So if you look at it for a long time, we endeavor to go and do things like maximize share -- agency share or corporate share, but that isn't necessarily optimizing revenue per se.   And we were in a world and certainly as we came out of the pandemic, where a lot of the agency are corporate-related bookings that we were doing, we're coming at relatively low revenue values but sitting in the premium cabin. And so a lot of what our strategy is to reframe around how do we go and create more value for the end customer who's choosing travel. And how do we go do it in a really economical way? And what we planned over and over again is they want a great product, they want it delivered well, they want to be rewarded, and they want to be able to shop and service digitally and be able to compare products.   So a lot of our transition has been undoing so many things that we've done, which we're not really creating value for the customer nor creating profit for American Airlines. And we've done that over the course of the last year. We've reduced a lot of it. And interestingly, as you see it today, if -- maybe there were more junior and maybe [indiscernible] version of all of us, Jamie, we would have thought when we embarked on this thing that it would come at a real risk to business revenues.  But if you just look at what we've reported today, our business revenues are growing at a greater rate than capacity. Unmanaged is on the higher end of that contract in corporates which would presumably be the most affected are just slightly on the lower end of that. But we're doing it at 7% less in distribution expense. 60% of customers are Advantage customers, and they produce 2/3 of our revenue. So what we've seen happen is a lot of those customers are actually leading the agency and coming to us directly on their own.   And this is a really important thing because this is where we are, but where we go is a very different thing. And there's really 3 things that we're focused on as we go and optimize our distribution strategy. The first is exactly what you pointed out with preferred agencies. And we actually pushed the release rightly because we were all pleasantly surprised how many people are taking it. The vast majority of our agencies are currently in an NDC transition, roughly about, the agencies that constitute about 30% to 40% of our revenue are already doing more than 30% of their bookings through NDC and are on a path to be, in some cases, close to 100 by the end of the year.   And there's even more agencies, a lot of big agencies who are signing on for it because they realize the customer utility and having a digital selling and servicing experience and frankly, they see there's an opportunity to go compete against other agencies, which is great for customers. So we've pushed our preferred agency program to bring more people into it because we see -- pleasantly see the amount of take rate. But we can do other things in the near term, which even as we speak we are doing.   The second thing is we can do a lot to simply go and create more products on the shelves for contracted business customers that are there. And we see more ways to do it through the booking tools that are there right now, and we have the ability to go and offer a direct connect any corporate traveler that's there, including JPMorgan Chase, should they be interested.   And the last thing that's very critical for us is what we have learned through this is we have a number of ways to go generate volume and the top on that list is being able to create more redemption for Advantage customers. But by no means do we have to go back into a world where we endeavor to raise expenses without creating value for the customer.   Our expenses rise, it should turn into something where there's real incremental revenue. And so now I'll very directly state your question. So with our preferred agency program, we actually anticipate that the majority of our agencies will be in it by the time we roll it out. 
Vasu Raja: This is Vasu. I'm happy to, although 5 years' time in this business, as you know well, is like an eternity you go. And so really, probably the more factually relevant thing is what it is year-over-year. And so yes, 61% of our revenue is coming from premium content. It is the revenue driver of the airline. That revenue is up 17% year-over-year. It's close to a 10-point shift in mix from nonpremium content. And it's a little difficult to compare versus 5 years ago because you look at numbers, which can be sometimes stratospherically high. And that really relates to just a different time and place for where our customers were, where the industry was and frankly, where the technology today is. But this growth in premium content is something which is really encouraging to us because it certainly corroborates the point that customers value experiences and they're willing to spend on experiences, and we're pleased that we see that growth pretty much across channels and maybe if anything more so through our direct channels. 
Vasu Raja: Yes. And to GOL, the simple answer to your question, Helane, is it doesn't. We are the best in Latin America. We have the best network advantage. Greatest advantage is in domestic, it's even greater. In any country, in South America, we will always have the best network for our customers and the best rewards program there. And we're encouraged by it because we've been doing this for a long time down there. Changes in calamities come and go, the one constant is American Airlines. 
Vasu Raja: Yes, we definitely have less exposure to coastal market. I mean you can see that in just the ASM mix, not just currently, but certainly over time. But the long-term trends are the long-term trends. The GDP of the country is growing, but it's driven by so many markets that uniquely are created by our hub network. Furthermore, spending is up, it's up even higher in those markets.   So we're in a place where industry capacity has been high in a lot of the domestic system. That starts to change. But very importantly, here at American we have a lot that we can go do. We're hungry to go do it. Now it's just a matter like Robert said, of executing. And we see it for our customers, and you clearly see in our forecast for the full year. 
Vasu Raja: No. We go off of sort of Fed-published GDP rates, and we see exactly the same demand backdrop that everyone else sees. A healthy U.S. economy, which is so key to us, strength coming from the Sun Belt and growing spending on experiences over other forms of merchandise or goods. 
Vasu Raja: We are actively working on the recommercialization of our credit card programs. Like we've mentioned at Investor Day, we haven't done this in 10 years. We have a real opportunity to go and get it right. We anticipate sharing more news with everybody this year. It is a top and key project for us. And I will just say that unlike 10 years past or maybe like many of our competitors, we just bring a lot that makes us a really great partner for a credit card company.   First, to all of the points that Robert made earlier, we are growing advantage enrollment, it's plus 60% versus a few years ago. That is a massive and booming segment, it's 2/3 of our revenue. But very importantly, when you go and look underneath it, we look at 2 things in our card program. The first is the growth and active account. That is up close to 10% year-over-year. That means not only are we acquiring more, fewer people are trading away from the program.   But while that's happening, our spend per active account is growing at 4%, that's higher than what it's grown before. In our program, it's higher than what other industry cards grow at. And so really, what that tells us is, we have a great and growing customer base. They very much value the card that's there. All the changes that have really been done have been done by American Airlines through the structure of our loyalty program Advantage. So we are very excited for what this can mean.   We know that there's probably a number of partners out there who are comparably, if not even more excited about it. So we need to get it right because this thing is very impactful to our customers and of course very impactful to our bottom line. 
Vasu Raja: Mary, this is Vasu. It's a great question, and I'm happy to answer it. So look, we've seen -- first of all, we see total business revenues, which is really a very important thing to look at grow similarly double-digit -- close or approaching double digits, exiting certainly Q1 double-digit rates of growth.   It's really being driven by unmanaged corporations that continue to come back and come back to American Airlines. Managed corporates, contract and corporations are growing a little bit less than that, but still high -- in the mid- to high single digits. Very importantly, this is actually the great opportunity that we see because really, over the last year, we've done a number of things to just transition away from a lot of practices which weren't great for our customers.   It didn't give them cheaper fares. It didn't necessarily give them lower costs. It actually created a more difficult servicing experience. What we're finding now is that many of those customers, they want the same thing that everyone else has. We can go deliver it a whole lot better with all the tools and the technology and the change we've pushed through in the last year.   And despite all of that, we see that revenues are coming back very materially for us. Expenses are down, and we can see more opportunity to optimize it. And frankly, do better both for our corporate contract and corporate customers and our unmanaged customers as well. That's not sort of guesswork that's out there. We actually see it. We're rolling out things right now, and that's implicit in our guide for Q2 and for the year. 
Vasu Raja: No, I feel like it's a great answer. Look, Mary, the last thing I would add to is also as corporates are coming back, they're coming in more disproportionately to coastal markets where we're relatively smaller in as unmanaged business comes back, it comes back in the Heartland and the Sunbelt, where we are relatively larger in. And so that also impacts some of the numbers you see. 
Vasu Raja: Sure. This is Vasu. I can start. And I'll maybe do last question first. Look, we continue to see healthy macro trends. We don't guess beyond what's the same information that probably everybody on this call gets to see and report on. As far as bookings go, Look, really beyond the summer, the system has -- it's not very much booked, in June right now in our domestic system where about 35% to 40% booked up, which is pretty normal for that entity. The long-haul network is a lot more booked up. 50%, 60% and building all of the time, depending on the entity that's there. But we continue to see healthy bookings come in. And like I mentioned before, and when I was talking about RASM by geography.   There are more customers who are coming back and really value traveling. They're paying more than before. And so far, in Q2, that trend seems to be taking shape. We anticipate that will continue based on all the macro factors that we see today. Should things change, we will too. 
Vasu Raja: Yes. We're booking up higher in part because of the positioning of our airline network and also just overall demand trends. 
Devon May: Conor, it's Devon. Yes, regional is doing both of those things, and it is what gives us confidence in unit revenue inflecting positive in the third and fourth quarter. But just to give you some numbers around it, in the first quarter we operated the equivalent of around 465 fully utilized regional jets. We expect that number to grow by 20 to 25 regional jets each quarter as we move throughout the year. So by the time we get to the fourth quarter, we expect to have around 535 fully utilized regional jets and it's going to do the things that you just talked about.   It is going to be helpful to unit revenue. These are higher unit revenue-producing assets. It does drive a bit of a headwind on unit costs but we do still expect our unit cost to stay within our guidance for the year. But we are seeing really nice trends there, and we're excited to see that supportability improve. 
Devon May: Helane, we've always planned for an increase for our flight attendants to pay them at the top of the industry. And with the new delta rates, we'll obviously go and seek to match those rates. So it's a little bit of an increase from where we were adding guidance, but even with that, we still expect to be inside of our full year CASM guidance.   And how it affects what you call our cost savings initiatives just these are initiatives where we are reengineering the business. So we are finding efficiencies throughout our business by utilizing technology better, through improved asset utilization and also through driving real procurement savings.   So we've always expected these types of increases for our team members, but it doesn't interrupt anything we're trying to do to reengineer the business. 
Devon May: Sure. In the first half of this year, we have been building back our capacity. We talked a lot about it last year that we were probably the last carrier to get back to our 2019 levels of capacity production. We came in ahead of our capacity guide due to the strong operation in the first quarter, so grew 8.5% in Q1. We're guiding to 8% in the second quarter. That's where we expect we'll end up with a strong operation. But capacity production does come down pretty materially as we look out in the third and fourth quarter.   Third quarter, we haven't finalized all the schedules yet, but we're expecting capacity production probably around the 4% growth range. Fourth quarter, maybe a little bit north of that. So back half of the year, call it in that 4% or 5% range or so and then full year, still in line with mid-single digits, but probably something north of 5% for the year. 
