J. Scott Kirby: Thank you, Derek. Before discussing the revenue of our environment, I'd also like to thank all of the employees of US Airways for all the hard work and the great airline that we're running today. As both Doug and Derek said, and as we've been doing for several years now, we once again have record operational results in the second quarter. Turning to the revenue environment. I'll start with a review of the second quarter and then give you a little bit of commentary on the outlook going forward. We were pleased with our 7% year-over-year increase in passenger RASM. Both leisure and business demand were strong during the quarter. Domestic RASM was up 8%, transatlantic was up 3% and Latham RASM was up 7%. Progressing [ph] through the quarter, April was strong and consistent with our expectations. Towards the end of May, we did see some modest slowdown in business demand that happened at the same time as the macroeconomic headlines worsened. And of course the same macro effect caused oil prices to decline. As we've seen historically, bad headlines can translate into business demand, temporary pulling back a little bit until the fog of uncertainly begins to lift. Leisure demand, which tends to be less susceptible to short-term headline volatility remained strong and unchanged. That same modest slowdown in business demand but strength in leisure demand continued in June and resulted in overall demand that remained strong with RASM up a solid 6% year-over-year. Turning to the outlook going forward. The year-over-year RASM comps continue to get more difficult this quarter, and that's particularly true for US Airways as we outperformed the industry by a wide margin last year. Additionally, the year-over-year comps will be impacted by the year-over-year ticket tax expiration. Last year, the ticket tax expired from July 22 to August 7, and this led to a onetime RASM benefit of about 0.5% in July, 2.5% in August and 0.5% in September. The demand environment in July continues the trends we saw in May and June. Demand is still strong but while there is macro uncertainty in the world and bad headlines, the modest slowdown in close-end bookings has continued, so leisure demand remained strong. We currently expect July RASM to be up 1% to 2% year-over-year and August and September to be up 0% to 2% each even with the more difficult comps in the year-over-year ticket tax impact. So in conclusion, we continue to run the best operation in the country and the demand environment remains good. The near-term business demand is being impacted by macroeconomic peers. And with that, I'll turn it back to Doug.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we have actually done some work on the DC-LaGuardia slot swap. And we think in the second quarter, it was worth $14 million penal improvement. And remember that, that was only half implemented. The remainder -- the second half of the slot swap was implemented in July. So it appears that at least from 1 quarter's worth of data that our $75 million in annual improvement was conservative. So we feel good about that. Charlotte, the rest of the network sort of, I think, I would say, performed consistent across the network. Charlotte is a fantastic hub. It's been our best hub. It's one of the best hubs in the country for any airline. That continues to be the case, and we continue to actually to add ASMs there particularly with small city service, and all of that has just done quite well. So Charlotte has had margins that improved their rate similar to the rest of the system, but they obviously started at a higher level than the rest of the system. And we have more capacity growth in Charlotte.
J. Scott Kirby: We still think domestic will outperform. You look at that at our full quarter guidance and that would be domestic up about 3% and transatlantic and Latham, each about flat.
J. Scott Kirby: I think -- if you just want to talk about price elasticity of demand, it remains consistent with every analysis I've seen going all the way back to the days with Civil Aeronautics Board, with leisure demand about a minus 0.7, and business demand about a minus 0.3. So meaning it's about 50% of our traffic in business, 50% leisure, that it -- a 10% increase in fare as a result in 5% increase in revenue, approximately. And I don't see any evidence that, that long-term price elasticity of demand is any different. If we see anything that's different, it is, I think, that businesses are more quick to react to forward-looking risks in the economy. So while corporate results might still be strong, when I pick up a newspaper and read about what's going on in Europe, there are more quick to react and say, "We're just going to keep our travel budget where it was, but we're going to slow down travel or until we get more certainty on the outlook going forward." So they're more quick on the trigger than they were in the past. They're more quick to come back. Since 2008, I think we've seen several cycles of this happen where headlines get bad, we see a short-term slowdown in demand, things resolved one way or the another and it bounces right back. And so if there's been any change, I think that's where it is. I'd also add that leisure demand, I think, is a better proxy for what is happening certainly with the U.S. economy. It's a lot less short-term volatile based on the headlines. And so it's more representative, I think, of the underlying economy. And that would tell you that the underlying economy continues to behave much like it has the last -- in 2010 and '11 and the first half of '12, which is an economy that describe as, okay, not good but modeling along and from an airline's perspective, the capacity discipline on an environment that's leading to good results for airlines.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, for us, we know the challenges, the point of integration, I mean, we had them ourselves at American West, US Airways. And I'm certain that our partner, United, is going to get through those and certainly has made progress in that. I think, while there may be some impact, some short-term impact to revenues that the industry benefit from, from that, for US Airways, it's probably small. And that's particularly because we are a codeshare partner of United. And so if something bad -- when something is causing issues for them, it causes issues for us as well. So others probably benefit a lot more than we do from that. In any event, still I don't think it's really affecting our current near-term results compared to the industry. And it's something that I think they're going to get through and its a temporary effect in any event.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I think, Doug said it earlier, and we feel really good about the network that we have. And as Doug said, it will generate on a standalone basis lower revenues than Delta and United. And that's because we can't offer comprehensive service to customers to get them everywhere in the globe, around the globe. American will be in that same position if they emerge, if they were able to emerge on a standalone basis, but they also couldn't compete with Delta and United in offering comprehensive service around the country and the globe. And so both of us will have to have cost advantages to be able to be competitive with those airlines. But on US Airways, on standalone basis, we have fantastic hubs in all of our markets and because we're #1 in those markets in Charlotte, DC, Philadelphia, Phoenix, that is a sustainable position. It's a position that's worthwhile for -- for ever since the merger of US Airways and American West since 2005, you can go back and just look at the fact. We've produced margins that are at or near the top of the industry. And that position -- that continues. We have not seen this kind of -- we have not been deterioration that Delta and United got together, and I think we can continue to compete successfully in our niche. We have a niche that works. It's a niche that works with lower revenues but also lower cost. That's the way to expand out of that niche and be a global carrier is obviously through consolidation. But if we stay in the niche, we feel very good about where we are.
J. Scott Kirby: I don't think so. I mean, we also look at a lot of share data. And so I think what's happening in US Airways is consistent with what's happening around the industry. As I just read -- I haven't actually read Delta's transcript yet, but I've read Southwest. It was perhaps less specific guidance than ours and more qualitative than quantitative. But I don't think there's anything unusual at US Airways or domestic versus international. There might be some of the -- the comps may get a lot more difficult for US Airways in the third quarter of last year. We outperformed Delta, I think, by 3.5 margin points on year-over-year RASM. They've been doing really well this year, that's not at all a criticism. But our comps are difficult. I don't think there's anything unusual, though, impacting the US Airways network as compared to the industry at large.
J. Scott Kirby: And, Helane, I'll just -- I'll give a little color for the quarter. We have a line of passenger inconvenience, which includes interrupted trip expense, hotel vouchers, mishandled bags, everything that Robert just talked about. Year-over-year that was down $4.7 million. It's almost $5 million just in that line. And that doesn't include overtime and other things that go on. So if you annualize that, that's $20 million just from year-over-year, running a better airline. And if you go back as Doug said, our operation has gotten better year-over-year-over-year. So if you go back a few years, it's even much more significant than that.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we do have the restrictions in our labor contract. We've had those for a while on minimum fleet and minimum utilization. We've managed well through the downturn, the very severe downturns in 2008 and 2009. And the reality is it's less about what is US -- less important about what US Airways specifically can do, and more important about what happened at an industry level. We -- if you go back further in time, the 2005, 2006, we have reduced capacity as aggressively as the industry. And while we can't go further, I'm confident that an industry response to another fuel or recession would -- on a fuel price sector or recession, as Doug mentioned, and talking of one of the other questions, I think that the industry response would be adequate to deal with that, and 2011 was the perfect example of that.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I think similar -- I don't know a specific example or where it will shake out in regional carriers, but the same industry trends certainly impact us, which is 50 seaters and 50 seaters at least under today's economics with today's aircraft ownership rates, are not economic compared to larger regional aircraft. And so I think you will either see 1 or 2 things happen, a sharp reduction in the cost of 50 seats left, or moving to larger gauge aircraft as those contracts expire.
J. Scott Kirby: Maybe we help each other a little bit in terms of frequent flyer program. But in Washington, we're mostly competitive with each other. We don't codeshare in most of those markets. And while maybe there's some frequent flyer benefit, I think it's probably mostly competition there.
J. Scott Kirby: I don't think it creates strain. I mean, we don't talk about it being strain. So on our side, I don't believe it create strain. And I expect they view it like we do, which is just normal competition.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I guess I'd say we had record results in the second quarter not just the US Airways, but the industry record certainly revenues results. So I think it's a very strong demand environment with healthy yields. And you have to look beyond just the headline fare increases. While there's a lot of publicity and analysts write-ups about structural fare increases, I've said many times, what matters far more is the things that you don't read about. The difference between not running a fare sale when you ran a fare sale last year, is a much bigger fare increase than raising the fare by $3. And you could just see the results in the second quarter was a very strong demand environment with strong yield growth.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we did say that domestic RASM was up 8% in the second quarter and Europe was up 3%. So I think there is some impact there. I don't think that it's been huge yet, because most of the majority of our business is origin U.S., it's people from the U.S. going to Europe and for the European-originating business, it's mostly northern tier. So we have a lot smaller originating business out of Greece and Italy and Spain and Portugal. And so the impact has been somewhat muted. We did have a currency impact in the quarter as well, and we've seen a slowdown in cargo demand. But all things that I think are consistent with what you read in the newspaper about Europe.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we had a lot actually in a country like Germany. It's in the southern tier countries that we don't have much. And those are less impact, I wouldn't say they're not impacted at all. But they are much less impacted at least so far than what you see in the southern tier countries.
J. Scott Kirby: We've added a lot of international as well with all of the European service. And we -- the next big market that we are going to add in Charlotte, as soon as we get the slot and facility and all the other regulatory hurdle, is Charlotte to São Paulo and Brazil. So in short the answer is...
William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Derek. Thanks, Scott. All right, before we get to questions, as has been the case in the last couple of earnings calls, I imagine many of you have questions related, not so much to US Airways earnings, but about American Airlines, and what's going on with US Airways and American. As we've done in the last past couple of calls, what we'd like to do is just tell you what we can tell you in regard to that, which I'll do here in a second. And then if you would, please keep your questions to US Airways issues, because I would have already told you what we can and plan to tell you we can -- can and plan to tell you about what's going on with American. So let me do that and then we'll turn it over to questions and we appreciate all of your understanding on this point. So as evidenced by our record second quarter results and how well they compare to the other airlines, it's quite clear that US Airways has a great business model that works and we certainly don't need to merge with another airline. However, we do believe a combination of US Airways and AMR is in the best interest of both -- of AMR and its stakeholders, US Airways and its shareholders and the employees of all companies. All 3 of Americans unions, representing over 55,000 employees agree and support a merger of AMR and US Airways. And last week, APFA joined APA and TWU in sending AMR's offer to its union members for a vote. So if, as the 3 unions, and we have been advised, those labor agreements are a prerequisite for the AMR's strategic alternative process to move forward. We welcome those efforts. AMR recently announced they would open merger talks with interested parties in the near future. And as indicated, that is actually open to considering mergers while in bankruptcy. That would be dramatic and welcome shift from the company's posture during the last 8 months, and we are anxious to learn more about the process. We're hopeful there will be a meaningful, fair and transparent process by which AMR would evaluate its merger options. Because we're certain that any objective analysis will conclude the best plan for the creditors, employees and customers of AMR in the merger with US Airways during the bankruptcy process. So we've been told that we will receive a nondisclosure agreement or NDA shortly, and we believe that will provide a first assessment of AMR's intentions with respect to the review of strategic alternatives. So if after reviewing the NDA, it turns out that this is not the start of the full and fair process we hope for, we'll have to evaluate our options to ensure that the real parties in interests, AMR employees and creditors get the chance to evaluate the merits of an AMR-US Airways merger. So that's where we are. We are currently awaiting more details about the process and we'll know much more about next steps after that happens. Irrespective of what we learned, we believe we'll ultimately be successful in combining AMR and US Airways, and the result will be the creation of the best airline in the world. That's what the employees and the owners of both companies want, and we don't intend to let them down. With that, we will now open the floor to questions. And again, if you all would please keep your questions to US Airways earnings, we would appreciate it. Operator, we are ready for questions.
William Douglas Parker: First, as Dan noted, Scott and also Robert Isom are off -- are not here in Tempe with the rest of us, so you may hear me turning things to Scott. So anyway, but that -- anyway, what I know Michael is that's going to be hard for us to give you -- certainly give you a quantitative numbers on that, but Scott want to give a shot at -- anything you can help Mike with.
William Douglas Parker: Mike, and you raised a good point actually about maybe we should -- I should have made more clear my comments which is we did get some benefit from fuel, but as Derek noted, the -- if fuel price had stayed the same quarter-over-quarter, we've -- our fuel price would have been about $40 million higher, and we had, what, $215 million of improvement in year-over-year earnings. So fuel helped, but fuel is not the driver of this improvement. The driver of this improvement was revenues and that's what's getting us here. So thanks for noting that, Mike.
William Douglas Parker: I didn't -- it relates to US Airways contracts. Look, the -- that provision is public provision. You can go read it yourself. It's quite clear that it doesn't apply to anything where US Airways is the acquirer or the US Airways is the surviving entity.
William Douglas Parker: But it's nice that you're asking those questions again, and we're certainly asking ourselves. And so we're looking at it ourselves to make sure -- Derek's obviously right. Right now, we've chosen that the right -- we think the right thing to do is just given the dynamics of this business to continue to build. But we agree, and we're now reaching the point, which we're happy about, of asking ourselves those same question, which is how much is too much? But right now, we're planning on building.
William Douglas Parker: Yes. Well we can leave them in the picture. I just will tell you what we always have as planned, what we said consistently for a long period of time, which is we have an airline that works and a model that works. And these results prove it better than anything else I can say. So I think we all know that, and we've established that. We're -- we can continue to do or do it on a standalone basis. That model is different than others. It's a model that works with a network that is very, very strong but not quite as strong as -- not as strong as United and Delta's. And therefore, it doesn't generate the same revenue per ASM as they do. So we offset that me having a cost per ASM that's lower than theirs, and we do that with a labor cost structure that is lower than theirs. And that results in -- sometimes some extended labor negotiations, but we get them done, because we know that's the only way the model works, and our employees know it's the only way the model works and as do those that regulate labor negotiations. So all those things come together, and that's how it works. It doesn't mean we can't have nice pay increases for our people. It doesn't mean it can't be great place to work. It can be all those things, and it will be. So that model works but that's the model. There is another model that might work even better and that would be -- that may be better for our shareholders and better for our employees and that would be to combine our existing strong network with another strong network and getting our revenue-generating capabilities up to those similar to United and Delta's. So that -- you know you'd have strong revenue-generating capabilities, and you also would, therefore, allow some of the benefits of that to accrue to employees and the shareholders as well. So we look at those opportunities all the time. We always look at those opportunities and those opportunities I think would exist with any other 3 network airlines other than US Airways.
William Douglas Parker: I can answer it. Those airplanes are by contract, formed by mainline. They're part of the mainline. Per existing contract we have -- the ones we already have in the fleet are formed by a mainline parts and the ones will come in and be formed as well. They come in at -- they're formed at a lower rate. This was done at a time we did the merger, request of our pilots. We had proposals from other airlines, and our pilots asked that we could -- if we bring them in and have them be mainline -- the pilots at a time, the old US Airways was coming out of bankruptcy, and had a lot of pilots on furlough, so we were happy to do that under those rates. But that's how it works. Those are mainline airplanes.
William Douglas Parker: Yes. Look, where we are doesn't have anything to do with our strategic options. If we were -- where we are, we think is right for the company on a standalone basis. And so our cash options really -- the options are: Do you continue to build cash even though it feels like you may be reaching a point where you have enough or do you use it to pay down some debt, is really the option for us. I mean, it's not as if there's any capital we're looking to acquire that were -- that we haven't acquired. It's really a balance sheet issue of why do you hold cash and get very low returns and then payout higher interest rates of the debt. So that -- again, that's a judgment call that we have to make all the time. It's one -- it's not one that we've had to make in the last few years because we gotten to a level where we knew we wanted to get to the point of paying -- building cash. Now we got to the point where we're asking ourselves those questions. One of the things that matters on that point is where other airlines are. You don't want to get yourself in a position where if things do happen to turn down, you're the one that gets yourself into a bad situation first, because we've all seen how that works. So it does also matter where those are and frankly, relative -- some of the other airlines have built-up relatively even more than we have. So I think we're all probably asking ourselves these questions not. It certainly is inefficient to hold as much cash as the industry is holding and gain the returns on that cash we're getting. But given what we've all been through in the past, I think we all are trying to be extremely prudent to make sure we don't get our -- we don't put our companies at risk until we're absolutely certain that the industry's restructured in a way that we won't have those kind of changes in the past. I have to believe it has by the way. But you'd like to see a little more -- you'd like to see 1 year or 2 more this kind of performance and particularly in difficult year like we saw in 2011, before you start believing that the whole industry has gotten itself to where it can really handle the cycles, the business cycle. And again, I think we have -- I think eventually you'll see us get there. But I think, probably, all of us right now are in a wait-and-see mode rather than going out and getting ourselves into a more risky position.
William Douglas Parker: Well, Kevin, you can probably do that analysis better than I can. But here's what I know. I mean, 2011 was not a good year. Oil prices were as high as they were in 2008. The economy 2008 pre-recession 2011, we modestly recovered post-recession, seemed pretty similar to us. And 2008, the industry lost billions and billions of dollars. I can't remember the exact number, but it was several billion. I know US Airways lost $800 million. And in 2011, the industry was modestly profitable. So those years feel really similar to me in terms of what should have happened. And 3 years later, the industry was in a position where you're actually made money and still loosing it. I think that is extremely telling. Now clearly, you're going to have worst years than 2008 and 2011. But 2008 was about as bad as it got in our industry for quite some time. And what you saw was once that happened, the industry responded. We got capacity in check. There were mergers that made airlines more efficient, and we did things to the pricing model to make sure that we were maximizing our ability to collect revenues. And all those things occurred, and it's a dramatically different industry. Again, it's hard for me to say for certain that there couldn't be a year where the industry loses money but I don't know. If there was going to be one, I think 2011 would have been it of what we've seen so far, and the industry did quite well. And again, 2012 is not kind of a peak earnings year for other industry, but here you have us producing record profits. So I don't know. It feels very, very much different to me. I'm not -- I can't go out on the line now, Kevin, and tell you we've gotten to a point where we won't see declines. What I definitely believe is you're not going to see the kind of wild throws that we used to have when the economy turned down and all of a sudden airlines we're all running around figuring out if they're going to be able to make it through or not. I think we've all gotten ourselves in a position where we can. We got one more to get out of bankruptcy and then hopefully they'll get to those condition, if they don't have -- if they don't find themselves in that situation anymore. But it sure doesn't -- it sure feels like a completely different industry.
William Douglas Parker: Sure. The revenue benefit I know is hard, because what you don't know is customers that if you weren't reliable you wouldn't -- that wouldn't return. So that one's harder to ascertain, but we do a lot of work on the cost and Robert Isom's on the line.
William Douglas Parker: Josh, look, what I meant to convey and hopefully I'm trying to convey was that, where we're sitting right now is we're awaiting to see more details and when we do, we'll know more. And given what we've seen so far, we're anxious to see what happens. And we hope it's a fair and balanced process. And if it is, that's great. If it's not, we'll have to figure out something else to do. But either way, we think we're going to be ultimately be successful in getting this done, so.
William Douglas Parker: One that makes -- that disadvantages those who are not the debtor. One that, for example, ties up, it slows down review of merger alternatives to the point that you get to a point where the merger alternative hasn't gotten very far and the header's standalone plan is ready to emerge and better says to the creditors, "Geez, that might have been a really good idea, but we're ready to go with this one and that one is not ready yet, and we'll go work on that later maybe. So let's do ours instead." That's not a fair process, for example.
William Douglas Parker: Yes. We can't give you the details of what we would or won't sign because we haven't seen anything yet. Again, what we're interested in is making sure that it allows us to do what we need to do, to make sure that the process is fair and balanced. So given what's we have seen and what's been said to date, we're as we've said looking at this somewhat skeptically, but really hopeful that we're on and really hopeful that the process, when we see it, is fair and balanced. And that's what we hope happens. So if we find there's things in there that are -- that we're being asked to sign things that we think puts us at a disadvantage, we obviously won't sign it. If we don't we will. There are all sorts of things that could overcome things we don't like. And we'll see when it gets here.
William Douglas Parker: Scott, if you could. And I will just let you know that if you were sitting here with us, Steve would be glaring at you. So go ahead.
William Douglas Parker: Perfect. All right. Thanks, everyone, very much for your interest. Again, we couldn't be happier with today's results. We appreciate your interest and if you think you have any other questions or need more information, please contact Dan from Investor Relations or our corp comp people for the media and thanks again. We are signing off.
Derek J. Kerr: So, Mike, this is Derek. It does nothing to do with any revising of any contract. It is just we are going to take the 5 aircraft on. The financing that we previously did, it's been modified very slightly, but it's a very good financing. We will take the financing back on those aircraft, and there'll be a slight monetary payment as we go forward. And that is built into my guidance on the non-aircraft CapEx. So a very small cash out the door, and we take over the planes and the financing for those 5 planes.
Derek J. Kerr: We can refinance it today. I mean, we can go out, and we have proposals, and we work with banks, and we've gone through the process. And we can refinance it today. We have a very good collateral behind it, and we can use that collateral to refinance it. So it just really is a timing issue of whether we want to do that now. The rate is a very good rate on that loan. So the rate will go up. There's no doubt about it when we do it. So it's just a strategy, internal strategy of when do we want to do it, when do we want to complete it, but it's not whether we can get it done or not. We have a very good collateral behind it, and we will look at refining some of that. It doesn't need to be refinanced for 1.5 years, so we have a fair amount of time. And so there's no real reason to go out and do it today unless we find a favorable proposal, and that's what we're working with the banks on right now.
Derek J. Kerr: Yes, I think -- overall, of the items that I talked about, the profit sharing, incentive comp and also stock-based compensation, I mean, our salaries were up some $96 million, and $88 million of it is that. So the rest of our salaries, they're only up by $8 million or $9 million. None of them up, from a CASM basis, up at all. Reservation agents is up a little because we did in-source res but that is the only area and it was only up about $1 million or 14%, really driven by FTE volume, by the fact that we brought in reservations. We have a significant savings in -- or cost savings in outside services. But from a salary perspective, almost everything increase is really due to those items.
Derek J. Kerr: The landing, it was really the aircraft rents that was -- I mean, airport rents that was down, driven by a onetime credit. We get them certain times of the year and we got one. Our Charlotte ranked credit this month versus -- or this quarter versus getting it in the first quarter last year.
Derek J. Kerr: We haven't really -- normally, we don't give out any guidance for next year until we put our plan together, so we can really look-through where we're at. I think as we go through our 5-year plans, we have no big jump in CASM or big jump in expenses that we expect next year. So I would believe it'd be similar. The last 2 years, we've been up 0% to 2%. I think we would be similar to that range next year if we went through and really did a budget today. But we really don't normally give out that guidance until the first quarter next year.
Derek J. Kerr: Right now, I mean, I think we're still in the mode of building cash. I think we're up to $2.9 billion. I think you do drain cash in the back half of the year just seasonally. So as we look at things, and we've continued to look at it, we'll continue to build cash and not use it to pay down debt at this point in time. And that has been our strategy for the past few years, and I think we're going to maintain that strategy as we move forward into 2013.
Derek J. Kerr: You -- we will see some ASM growth. But as you said, it's driven by the aid still by the A321s coming in and replacing smaller aircraft. We will have A330s coming in next year and replacing some smaller aircraft. But the fleet count, mainline fleet count next year will go up by 5 just because of these Embraer 190s that come to the mainline. The rest of the fleet will stay flat but the ASM growth will be due to higher gauged aircraft.
Derek J. Kerr: We have not gone through the plan for next year. So I think if we went straight off of just straight shell for shell and we proceed, we'd be in the 2% to 3% range, I think.
Derek J. Kerr: Correct. But I think just last year to this year, we're at a run rate from those type of items of about $20 million a year.
Derek J. Kerr: Ted, to answer your question from a GAAP basis, the second quarter of 2006 was $302.9 million and from an x charge basis, the second quarter of 2006 was $312.8 million, both of those were the highest.
