Derek Kerr: Yes that's all, Michael most of that is the pension benefit. The Republic, since we're 25% ownership we do have to use the equity method of accounting, but that's a small portion. In 2017 it was only $14 million. So, most of this is the pension credit, the 138 coming down to that bottom line. 
Derek Kerr: Yes, I think two things to look at. I think you know focus more on '18 and '19 because we know where we are on those two. The plan is to take the Embraer 190 fleet and the MD-80 fleet out by the end of '19 and that's firm in the plan. We are working from a widebody perspective as we talked about on the call as before, you see the A350s coming in in 2020, you know we've had conversations about that. Those would replace - they are currently set to replace aA330-300s and other widebodys as they come in. We have talked about that. We're working with Airbus and Boeing on other options from a widebody perspective just to see where we go with that. So I think this can change out in the farther years in 2020. I think the fleet plan over the time period should stay pretty flat. Right now we have it going down a little bit in 2020 because this just represents the transactions that we have in place today and that are firm. Nothing other than that. So I would expect probably from an aircraft standpoint that the 951 we have at 2018 you know probably stays pretty flat in that 940 to 950 range through 2020 and then as we see on the regional aircraft we do stay within the 600, 590 to 600 range. So there will be some tweaks and we'll continue to update you as we move forward on each of these. But I would assume that this fleet stays pretty flat over the next to two to three years.
Derek Kerr: Yes, I'd just add one more thing. In a place like you know New York where we have great assets but same thing fragmented market highly competitive important for us to be there. We have to be different in some ways and we've done that with things like the shuttle product, the 321Ts, having three class domestic Transcon service and then making sure that with our partner BA that we're doing the best that we can with our JFK-Heathrow franchise.
Derek Kerr: Yes, I think there's two things. One is from an aircraft standpoint we did announce that we were bringing in ten more E175 aircraft to replace an outsourced contract that we had and take out some CRJ200s. So that's the increase on the aircraft CapEx side. From a non-aircraft CapEx side as Maya said there's just so much demand going on out there. Half of the project - there's seven projects that make up half of that ’18 and ’19 number. They are just major projects that we have announced and that we want to do as quick as we can which is we talked about Wi-Fi or [indiscernible] some facility projects. We still have three big integration projects that we want to complete with our HR systems, our pilots, flight attendants and tech ops. So we're trying to bring those in as quick as we can and bring those in earlier. So we've raised the CapEx in ’18 and’19 by $200 million each year for non-aircraft CapEx mainly due to those projects and facility projects and trying to get those brought in as fast as we can moving them forward. So those are the two big differences from the Investor Day. That's the ten new Embraer 175s and then just bringing projects in earlier in ’18 and ’19 and the major - the big projects that we have on our plate that make up half of each one of those years.
Derek Kerr: I'll go ahead and start with that. Right now, we have within our flight profitability system which gives us great detail in terms of where we are making money and gives us different views as to what expenses are more fixed and flexible in the long run. We've got a pretty good idea of where we're doing well and not and you know what the impact of variations of fuel expense are. So it's something that we look at certainly every month if not more and especially as we take a look out into the longer term. So we've got a pretty good handle on it and at the end of the day we feel really confident with the schedule that we have built right now that we're profitable at these levels and that we're flying to where we ought to be. So I think we've got a good handle on both the short and long range plan for it. It's part of the process that we put the team through as we built the schedule. This is about what I can tell you.
Derek Kerr: Yes, Conor as Don said earlier, the product has been out about six months now. It's meeting expectations which is great, will always take a look at ways to refine and optimize. And then I think as we've said before, we'll look at opportunities for you know application in other places. And so as you take a look internationally is it something that might be appropriate for transatlantic probably in a different form, but you know those are the kind of things that we think about there, but we don't have anything to announce. We like what's going on right now and we're staying the course with it.
Robert Isom: No this is just that, that belly space on those aircraft are going to be flying around no matter what we do and the cool thing about the fleet renewal program is that as we take a look at 767s leaving the fleet and bringing on things like you know 787s, the capacity that comes with that is really helpful. So we're seeing benefit from that, both in the opportunity to put more cargo on the plains and at the end of the day I'm really confident that the profitability, the marginal profitability of that product is well worth being in the business.
Robert Isom: It’s free belly space. Of course there's equipment and people in that and we price it to achieve, you know and we're not going to get into that today, but we price it to achieve what we consider a significant margin and you know a margin that in many cases exceeds what we would see from aspects of our passenger revenue. We've got a great cargo team led by Rick Elieson, who was appointed earlier this past year taking over from Jim Butler. We're returning to levels of production that we really haven’t seen since 2014. And when you take a look at, you know, what we've actually produced over the last couple of quarters, it’s both volume and yield based, so you know all good.
Robert Isom: We'll, I would like to start on that, but go ahead and share, just as there is a price matching and you know the industry ended up much more comprehensively matching the Atlantic LCCs in October 2016, so we're kind of lapping the period where we started the matching and over the kind of the year we've become - as we looked at the results more affective at where we match, and how the yield management system views those fares and when we are open and closed. So this is really a benefit associated to better execution, right of the strategy that when the industry started to employ in October 2016.
Robert Isom: Well, first off, you should work with Derek and Dan. I think we don't have that type of number in order to get to the top of the range. It was like 3% to 4%, 3 at the bottom, 4 at the top, but points still now, but we have to make sure we're all working with similar math. Yes, based on what - where we closed the year and what we' think, the ASM growth is going to be next year, you would need 3% to 4% RASM growth. And but, we wouldn't have given that as our EPS guidance and we didn't think that was reasonable revenue guidance. We just grew a quarter 5.5%. So yes, it's and again if fuel prices stay where they are we think that well within the realm of possibilities.
Jamie Baker: Hey, good morning. Doug, followup to Hunter’s question, why should we believe the 2018 guide? Why should we believe anything Derek just said about aircraft? Why shouldn’t we expect an incremental aircraft order, in order to offset what United is doing? I'm obviously trying to bait you, but I’d appreciate a detailed response.
Jamie Baker: Sure. My follow up will be American centric okay? So shifting this spotlight back to and thank you to indulging me, it's what people needed to hear, so forgive me for that first question.
Jamie Baker: Doug, thanks for taking so much time. It's certainly appropriate if you want to dig my advantage account by 20,000 or 25,000 miles in light of the time totally fair. Thanks.
Doug Parker: I'm not going to opine on other airlines growth. I spoke for five minutes and you gave me seven but I didn’t say, so make your own conclusions from what I told you about Americans growth, but you know, look we're not here to talk about what other people are doing their networks. That’s for them to decide and again we know who we are, we know the assets we have. We feel good about our growth and look all I'm pointing out is you can look at our 2.5%, 3% growth and so guess why do you guess it makes sense and I just gave you the answer.
Doug Parker: Absolutely not, on the last point. We continue to believe 3, 5, 7 are at range. We continue to - and again don't take our word for it. We just said our – we had our board meeting yesterday to set our 2018 objectives and our management teams bonus payments are based upon that in fact is our formula. So that's how we're paying ourselves on short term incentive based on our ability to - not by the way, you’re right our guidance doesn't have us there, so I'm not suggesting that our guidance has a setting, what I'm saying is it's still in the range up 3, 5, 7, and this feels like a year at least looking at it right now isn't one of the - is somewhat a below average year for our kind of steady-state [indiscernible]. The reason I believe that is, because kind of fuel prices have run up so quickly. And if you look, you know, as Derek stated I mean you're right, your numbers are right of course if you take them, I guess at the midpoint of our range kind of year-over-year earnings are pretty flat in our forecast. Our pretax basis of course, after tax because the tax rate they’re up a good bit, but on a pretax basis they are pretty flat. But look our fuel price alone is driving $1.8 billion our higher expense, so for us to be producing flat earnings on one of our - what's become again our largest cost going up by $1.8 billion, so it's a good bit. Now again, you should rightfully say, well gosh, if it's a real business that like you've been saying that we'll figure out a way to pass its cost increases along to customers like why don’t you pass it on, there definitely is a lag on things like this. We saw it in, what year it was 2014 when prices fell really quickly? How long it took for kind of capacity to respond to the new economics? And when prices go up this fast, it does, it takes a while to respond. So as we sit here today if oil stays where it is, I happen to believe you'll see the industry and you'll - the fares are too low for oil prices this high, and over time you'll see that adjust, but it takes time. part of it is that requires some capacity refinement, part of it is people have to believe it's there. This has gone from oil, but it's gone from what 50 to 70 in five months? 40% increase? And it took a while for us all to think that 50 was a real number when it had fallen from 100 down to 50. It may take a while for people to really understand that if 70 is the real normal the new normal, you certainly will see I think us get to a point where we can produce the kind of earnings that you're talking about in $70 oil, but we've done it in $100 oil in the past. So any way long way we're saying it's - I'm not saying just because oil is $70 we can't make those numbers, what I'm saying is it's run up so fast it makes it hard to get there. If it falls back down quickly, we're absolutely right back in that range.
Doug Parker: And Helane, as you take a look at kind of the strength of bookings, yes we're seeing just a continuation of what we saw in December and so it's relatively flat, but that was a pretty good spot to be in.
Doug Parker: I guess what I would tell you is, we've seen strength across the board especially from Asia, but the kind of things that you see out of Asia, phones and phone parts, when you think about telecommunications going down into Buenos Aires is another big one. We're seeing commodity like products, fish and salmon out of South America and Central America coming up that's adding revenue. We're seeing meat out of the South Pacific that are coming into the U.S., wine as well from Europe. The air bags as everybody knows is still a driver of volume. So it's broad based and it's everything from technology to more food and perishables and so and then as well I would note that just general mail has been pretty strong too.
Doug Parker: Yes, first off, Daniel and strategic advantage doesn't mean we have to be number one. It means we have to have an advantage. In LAX we today are the largest, it's a definitely a fragmented market, but a very large market. Americans is the largest carrier there and we have the ability to continue to expand there as much as we're able to. The issue is LAX's terminal space and you know my comments were directed around the fact that we have been able to work out the situation with the Airport Authority we'll be able to expand there. And Chicago is one more story, we're not the largest hub carrier in Chicago, but we're awfully close and another enormous market where we do well even though we're not the absolute largest and the good news is, we've just worked with the Airport Authority and five more gates there which allows us to become even stronger.
Doug Parker: Yes, and Dan I would say for us to get the $3.9 billion worth of initiatives that we're talking about, this work will help us bring it in quicker and do what we need to do. Some of that is required a lot of IT help to get us done. We can't get there without the IT group helping us get through this and what they're doing is really helping us get through it quicker and figuring out ways to bring things in the market quicker on both the revenue and the cost side.
Doug Parker: And Duane look, I remember the old days and the old days the reason you'd cut that point was because it was cash negative and it made sense to cut it as oil prices got to a certain level it was running close to that in today's world. So if we were to cut flying because oil prices ran up from 50 to 70 we would reduce profits and instead it turns into a $4 billion year instead of $5 billion year and over time we adjust pricing and capacity over time and adjust to where we think we're in the world fuel price starts to spell out. But yes, this is an entirely different world. It would be so from American's perspective going and reducing flying because oil prices went up from 50 to 70 would reduce the profits of the firm.
Doug Parker: Yes, hard for us to answer. I don't know, we can't Duane. Again, whenever near the point of looking at - believing that fuel prices are at a level that we should be reducing, flying because it's all profitable and the regional fleet in particular because of what we said how it helps us create connections is among some of the best flying on a cash basis irrespective of where fuel prices are.
Doug Parker: Yes, thanks. We did talk a little bit about this and the comment for the record is we're not going to pine on another airline. Growth plans, we're confident and Americans growth and very bullish prospects for American Airlines knowing everything we're going to do.
Doug Parker: We appreciate everyone's interest and thank you for tuning in. If you have any questions and you are an Investor, cal, Dan, if you have any questions and you are in the media call corp.com [ph]. Thanks so much.
