Doug Parker: Thank you, Dan. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. This morning, American reported a second quarter net profit of $19 million. Excluding net special items, it was a net loss of $1.1 billion. This loss, while large, is the smallest we've had since the start of the pandemic as demand for air travel has improved significantly throughout the quarter. Our revenues in the quarter were 87% higher than they were just last quarter. At the beginning of this year, we outlined our Green Flag plan, a set of initiatives that we have focused on to reset the airline and make American stronger as we come out of the crisis. As a reminder, this work focused on four key objectives: doubling down on operational excellence, reconnecting with our customers, building on the positive momentum with established spreadsheet and passionately driving vision. And keeping our focus on these areas, we knew that while the pandemic starts to recede and the green flag drop, that American will be ready. Robert and Derek are going to share a lot more details, but the short story is the green flag has dropped. We are indeed ready, and the American Airlines' team is delivering results and a return. We've flown more customers than any other airline in the second quarter. Our team safely transported more than 44 million passengers on nearly 470,000 flights. It's more than five times the number of passengers we carried in the second quarter of 2020 and more than two-and-a-half times the number of flights. We've ramped up the operation dramatically in response to customer demand, and our operational performance continues to improve as we grow in scale. Our team has done a phenomenal job of taking care of our customers. Our on-time performance and our completion factor for the quarter was the best in our history, despite the significant ramp-up in operations. The increases in demand in flying have led to a considerable increase in our revenues. This is the fourth consecutive quarter that American has outperformed our large competitors on passenger unit revenue production. Importantly, while we're producing industry-leading unit revenues, we're also controlling our costs. All of this has led to a dramatic narrowing of our losses, as I noted at the beginning. Notably, we were profitable, excluding net special lines for the month of June, the first of such month since December of 2019. We expect our losses to narrow even more in the third quarter as we continue to march back to sustained profitability. As to our balance sheet, we entered second quarter with more than $21 billion of total available liquidity, by far the highest in American's history. We generated a cash build in the quarter for the first time since the pandemic. With this record liquidity and our confidence in the future, we've begun the deleveraging of American's balance sheet. This morning, we prepaid the entirety of our $950 million term spare parts term loan, which was scheduled to mature until April 2023. Derek will talk more about our deleveraging plans during his remarks, but I'll just say it feels great now being in a position of prepaying debt well before the term is due rather than continuing to incur it. In summary, I couldn't be prouder of this team. In response to demand, we're building back on our network faster than our largest competitors. We're hearing far more customers than any other airline, and our team is doing so safely with great care for our customers. We've reshaped our networks, simplified our fleet, and build efficiencies into the business that will serve us well for years to come. And today, as the recovery continues, we've begun the deleveraging of our balance sheet. So, thanks for the hard work and dedication of the American team. And because of that, we are in the midst of an unprecedented recovery, and it shows in our results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Doug Parker: Yeah. Thanks, Catherine. Yeah, it's all going to depend on that as you just said at the end. It's - as we step down our cash requirements, we will use the cash to pay off the debt. So the way we're looking at it is if we can – we're at 2021 now, we just paid down $1 billion in 2020. We'll take that down to $10 billion to $12 billion sometime in 2022. So when we do step it down, we will use all of that excess cash to pay off of the debt. We have a significant amount of debt that is pre-payable. A lot of that is efficient debt, but we still believe it's the right move to do. So I do think it will be front loaded. As we look at the amortization today, it's pretty even throughout the four years as we look at it. There is more out in probably 2023, 2024 because the AAdvantage loan does start to amortize out in those years. So that adds to the amortization. But I do believe, as we step down from where we're at today to the $10 billion to $12 billion, and then if we do step down again over time, that all of that cash will go to debt. So I would believe that it would be more front-end loaded as we think about it.
Doug Parker: So first off, I mean, as I know, looking at relative margins right now, it's hard to do. It's so volatile around how small the profits are and one airline is driving versus another and how fast revenues are going. For example, while you are right, I guess our 2 large competitors are forecasting to have the margins better than our forecast in next quarter. The actuals this quarter were 10 points better than United, for example. So – but one should not take that domain that we think we're going to have 10-point better margins. And going forward, my point is just that, that whether or not – some of it may be forecast plans. Who knows? So maybe forecast -- not so maybe more concerned and others don't know where is talking about we speak. But to your broader question as to going forward and what we think about relative margin performance, I firmly believe what you're going to see from us is when you look – when we all get to a real profitability and where you can actually compare these types of numbers, say, 2022, American's margin versus our 2 large competitors versus where it was in 2019 will be there, if not exceeding one of them. So that's what we certainly would expect. We expect that -- given what we're seeing today, we expect that given the $1.5 billion of cost efficiencies that we felt into the airline today. So anyway more to come on that, but I would really caution anybody from trying to look at margins today and comparing relative margins as to any sort of indication of where they're going to be in the future because they're moving every quarter. But anyway, it's been 3 quarters now that we've been well ahead of United, but we don't take huge comfort in that. There's just tons of noise in there.
Doug Parker: I was just going to add, Jamie, that I think what you're seeing is that pent-up replacement issue that's driving this right now largely. So, given what's happening is airlines need to eventually replace aircraft, of course. And American did that pretty margin America deal with a big order, whenever that was, 2012 or 2013. US Airways already was in the middle of that. So combined, that's why we do have the debt. We have because we have much newer and better aircraft and assets than some of our competitors, and they now have to go through the same thing. So -- and while we were going through the troubles of the industry was going through, people held on to airplanes longer than we have in the past. So, all things -- anything related to the OEMs and entirely related to airlines who now have just held on to airplanes long enough that they have to be released. American's is not in the situation anymore. You know Delta are. And so you're seeing us now with lower CapEx in the future. You'll see them with larger in the future. That's the cycle. But once we get through that, you'll see us all get to, as Derek said, much more steady and kind of adding capital for growth as opposed to adding capital for replacement.
Doug Parker: Yes. Thanks for asking anyway. I can't think of one decision we've ever made around here that we said, 'Oh, we can't do that because we have more of that.' Indeed, we haven't made one. So not to extend the thought we are being less nimble because we are burned with we certainly ever felt so. So, what we have or we – prior to 2020, as I stated, given the fleet modernization, the airline has gone through a fairly rapid fleet modernization the airline had gone through, we got to a position where we had more debt on the balance sheet than we thought made sense on a going-forward basis. So we had stepped forward a plan to reduce that debt over time. As we went into 2020, the pandemic obviously not only delayed the ability to do that, but made it even -- just added more to that as we had to add debt to fund operating losses. So now that we can begin to rebuild our efforts, we're excited that we're going to do that. But not one decision that we stepped gosh, we can't grow. We can't do what others are doing. We can't do what we want to do because we have a debt burden.' We've never found ourselves in a situation where we couldn't go finance more, if we need, if we wanted to or invest in the business where we wanted to, and we've been doing that and is certainly the case going forward.
Doug Parker: Dawn, it's Doug. So, we're -- we haven't been involved in any conversation. The mandate is in place through September 13. It's put in place by the federal government that gets a specifically. And that's where we stand today. I don't know if -- what their view is on to whether it will be extended or whether they will let it expire on September 13. Whatever they decide, we'll enforce. And we'll continue to do so. It's not for us to opine as to whether or not it should be extended or not. That's their job. It's a federal mandate, and we will enforce whatever they put in place.
Doug Parker: Yes, we're not going to speculate on that. We don't know if it's going to look or not. I don't -- again, I -- we certainly haven't seen any -- seen or heard any of our customers indicate that they have any sort of use. So, we certainly don't know, but it's really hard to speculate on something until we get to that line.
Doug Parker: Yes. I think it's an overwhelming success. And to the extent there have been issues on growth, I think those are indicative of how successful the program was. Because had it not been for a PSP, you wouldn't see airlines trying to grow like we are 45% in the quarter. You're going to see airlines shut down and it's an industry shutdown. And I don't know when – where we'd be at this point. I don't know where we'd be in terms of our economy at this point. But it literally could not have been able to continue flying virtually the entire industry without the support of the Cares program. And by having it in place and by keeping it in place as the pandemic continued, what it allowed all of us to do was to keep our team employed. Now they went off flying, of course, but they're being paid. We were being paid to pay them at our government. So as we needed, we need to, of course, get them back into training. But they were ramped down and void, getting put back into training. And there were people that were on leave that we have recalled from leave. So, if it weren't for PSP, no that wouldn't make it. Obviously, it would flow have been not looking for the new employees as they would have gone up to do other things. I can't imagine how relative it would be, in terms of not just the airline industry but for our entire economy, if it weren't for the PSP program and what it did to maintain the infrastructure necessary to meet the demand that's down here.
Doug Parker: Okay. Thanks, everybody. Just -- look, we are just really excited about the momentum we're seeing. It's in the numbers that you see today, 87% of revenue growth versus last quarter, 45% ASM growth versus last quarter; cash of $21 billion, 3x where it was when we ended 2019. And that continues into – and it continue into this quarter. And we just couldn't they're doing to take care of people. And I just -- I can't think of a better indicator of how quickly and drastically the world has changed to the point out that American Airlines today prepaid $1 billion of low interest notes that aren't due for 2 more years, after all we've been through for the last year or so, looking to go raise money wherever we could to make sure we had enough to fund the operating losses that we saw going forward. We've now got ourselves to a position where we're using cash to pay off debt that doesn't come due for 2 more years. It feels really good. And so we're excited about where we are. We're really excited about the future, and we look forward to talking to you as we go forward. Thanks.
Vasu Raja: Yeah. Hey, Catie, this is Vasu. I can handle that. We are really encouraged, both with the progress and the results that we've seen from both of our domestic partnerships, even though it's really only been -- the better part is six to eight weeks where elapse has been up and running and really three or four weeks, where the JetBlue codeshare has been up and running. But very much the design of this partnership is to go shore up on two parts where -- of the domestic system where our network was structurally weaker. One is the West Coast and the other is the Northeast, both of which are the largest originating market for business travel, for corporate travel, for small mid-market travel, however, it might otherwise be. And so we've had a really encouraging response from corporate customers. We continue to have one. There’s a lot of integration work that must be done still, and that's a major focus of us. But we're encouraged by what we see in both cases. First, in the case of Alaska. Again, while the results are early, the key indicators, when we put it together, was to ensure, one, more long-haul -- a successful long-haul franchise off the West Coast; two, a better network for the West Coast originating customer, again, that's a business customer; but three, more utility for all of our customers who are in the Midwest and the Southeast and are looking to go West. And though we haven't seen long-haul emerge just because of the trends that are there, from what we see right now, about 20% or so of the bookings in the public data is all from the Intrawest customer, which is exactly the kind of business customer that we weren't getting before. We're also encouraged that 80% of the bookings way, way overperformed our expectations are from customers looking to go West. And we've been able to go and put more demand through these codes, while fulfilling the organic network through DFW in Chicago. So we’re encouraged by that and we continue to be as we go and scale up in Northeast partnership with JetBlue us well.
Vasu Raja: Yes, this is Vasu. I can help with both. Look, as we look into 3Q really, we continue to see a lot of the same trends that we're seeing in June and July and the first half of August. As schools go back to return in the second half of August and following Labor Day, there's a natural lightning in the leisure demand that we're seeing. And so, as we look out there, we're actually really encouraged by the yield environment. We're seeing yields that are in that period, 95% to 105% of where they were in 2019. As far as how much their bookings, as we get out into September, we're still only about 35% to 40% booked out there. So, there's yet a little bit of room out there. And the way we consciously built the airlines as we go into that period. It is very much that it will be maybe a little bit less of the opportunistic leisure stuff that we've been doing a little bit more starting to orient that what we're seeing is the return of business travel. So, we're encouraged by the trends that we see out there, but we really are planning that a material amount of business travel won't come back until after the October period.
Vasu Raja: Yes. That's an excellent question. And probably the second one helps give context for the first one, so I'll answer them in reverse order. When the pandemic began, we talked about this thing as a reset. We – for planning purposes, we take that very, very seriously that we describe the business on a year over 2 years basis. When it goes to planning the business, we work here and now. And one of the benefits of having more capacity out there is this enabled us to go and observe demand. So, we realized in the early days of this that the pandemic was going to be so big and so devastating that our historical demand forecast wouldn't work for probably a few years into the future. So, we've been pretty actively over the last year rebuilding our forecasting system. And clearly, through our Q3 results, there's some great effect and to the great work of our revenue management team. When we came in, in January and there is still a lot of uncertainty, one of the things that they noticed was that every single peak period we had more travel demand than what was there before. And it was actually, the booking curves are actually shifting further and further out with more people willing to pay also high fares closer in. So very actively set up the summer for that. And if you go and just look at the public data that's there, we very consciously built the airline and try to take as much demand as we could close to departure. And indeed, our market share inside of 14 days in the Q2 period was much greater than what it was outside of 14 days. So even though the fare environment was depressed, right, even though yields were at 80% to 85% of historical levels, we were taking a lot more share of inside 14 demand where we did indeed observe higher fares, more willingness to pay, more business style itineraries that were there. And that led to a lot of the results that you see where even though we have more capacity than others, we also have higher loads and high rate. And look, it's also enabled us to do -- we've got a much better handle on the nature of business travel. And we do see a lot of changes in trends and patterns that are there. And we believe that that’s really well-positioned into the fall. But we haven't seen the booking curve shift outward. We do see people engaging in business style itineraries, single-day trips overnight with no bag, things like that, and we're encouraged by that return. So with that in mind, we remain encouraged for how much business travel can start to rebound. And certainly, when we -- when more corporations return to work, we think there will be a four to six-week lag and a pretty material pickup there as well.
Vasu Raja: This is Vasu. Really, as we go through 3Q, we're not seeing a big alteration to the trends that we've seen sequentially so far. And if we're about -- if the corporate revenues are at 45% of where they were in 2019, from January to June, we've seen that build about seven to 10 points sequentially kind of month-to-month. And we don't really see anything between now and September, where seven to 10 points will either be materially higher or lower. In October, where we believe -- presently believe there's going to be a change that as we've seen companies return to work, especially across the Sun Belt, typically in a four to eight-week lag period after that, we start seeing them come back to travel. And with so many areas right at some of the lowest booking points of commencement are the New York corridor, D.C., and the Greater Chicago area with them, both returning back to school and back to work around Labor Day we anticipate that really it will be early to mid-October when that demand starts coming back. And Alison could add more, but that's so far is pretty consistent with what we're hearing from our corporates.
Vasu Raja: Yes. Robert said it really well. And what I'd say very simply is, some of this pandemic and everything we've seen for the vast majority of cities all across domestic U.S. and even South America, too, the American Airlines has the best network, the best globally ubiquitous network. And -- so, we envisioned a lot of where we would organically put assets is there. And then as we start building back international, we built it back in a way where it really grows off of where we're strongest organically, places like Chicago and Philadelphia and Miami and Dallas-Fort Worth. But also we envision being able to launch flights out of New York and Seattle. And we've been really encouraged so far with what we've seen through those partnerships. So a big chunk of our growth, wherever it is, is going to be focused on things that really drive the performance of this company and are positive for us and our customers.
Vasu Raja: Yes, Helane, this is Vasu again. And the reality is both. But as we go back and look at -- look at this, when we look at it internally, we actually index at March 2020 when things kind of were at their lowest point. And if you look at that and just index our results coming out of there, our traffic -- like our traffic just slowly filled capacity. And the next thing -- the next effect that we've been seeing, as you look at that sequentially, is growth in yield. So the reality is both, but what we have been more encouraged about, to my earlier comments, too, is that, as we get into peak days of week peak travel period, things like that, we are able to go and drive yields in a way that really was nonexistent to us in 2020. So the reality is it's both, but increasingly, yields are taking over. And that's very encouraging for us because, of course, in the way our ASMs are distributed, the more and more we see domestic yield recoveries, the more our business has large recoveries.
Vasu Raja: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. Well, let me clarify my prognostication. I think it's taken on colors that I didn't originally meet it for the investor conference. But really, what it is, is that first and foremost is long-haul international, consistent with Robert's comments a moment ago. Right now, as I'll use Europe as the example, as markets there have reopened, we saw a lot of bookings come in, what would be historically late in the European booking curve, which is great. But the vast majority of them are sales represent relative style bookings, or leisure-oriented bookings. And so as we look out there, there's really not a lot to indicate that real long-haul business travel is going to be coming back following Labor Day. And again, to continue my European example, really what buffers the European network into the fall is indeed business travel. Now what is unknown to us is if these reopenings continue, there probably is going to be some more marginal demand for Europeans coming to leisure markets in the U.S. and Latin America. But for all intents and purposes, we're presuming that, that's going to be relatively small. We've seen very little to occur otherwise or to comments Alison made and Robert made. And then as we think about our short-haul network, both in domestic and added Mexico, Caribbean and Latin America, there, we do indeed anticipate that visiting friends and relatives style markets will actually be seasonally and sequentially stronger than what it would have been in 2019 or 2018. We do anticipate there's going to be more weekend-oriented leisure demand, three-day weekends, things like that than what we might have otherwise seen. But the reality is what we have in June and what there's going to be in September is likely to be really different. Right now in June, we see travel where people will go to Missoula, Montana on a Tuesday and return the following Wednesday. It's pretty unlikely that a trip like that is going to happen with the same degree of frequency when you get -- when people are going back to school. But that's okay, we can go and configure our airline network to go and match the demand that's there. And that's indeed why certainly in our published schedule, you see us flying more things into D.C. and New York and starting to add back multi-frequency business markets and in three-day weekend patterns and things like that.
Vasu Raja: Yes. Jamie, this is Vasu. I'll pick up right where Robert left off. He's exactly right. We plan to maximize the marginal economics of the business. And you see that. This is – a lot of what we see in Q3 is extension, quite frankly, of Q2. So if you look at Q2, for example, I was reading through other airlines print. And for the best-performing airline, their domestic PRASM, we produced the exact same domestic PRASM they did, but our airline was 65% or 70% larger or 6% [ph] more capacity. So to be able to be that much larger and produce the exact same revenue is a really, really great marginal economic decision because in our system, we're able to go and create that kind of leverage. And so the only difference between for us flying at 80 and something more or less than that is the – as we go out there, it's a continuation. And you can see it in the published schedules of exactly what's there right now, where about 90-ish percent of the ASM capacity of the company is doing the things that are really working right now, which is flying a lot in the Americas, both in North and South America, of the remaining 10% is flying Transatlantic and Transpacific. And that's the best marginal economic decision to make right now. And should that change? We have ample ways to go and respond to that.
Vasu Raja: Hey, this is Vasu, and thanks for the question, and I'll clarify that. To my earlier comments, this pandemic was a big reset for us. And prior to the pandemic, our margins internationally were -- certainly trailed our competitors and struggled a lot, especially outside of the time we got to peak summer. And a big part of it was that we had a lot of widebodies that, though they were put to really good use in the summer, really could not earn their carrying costs as we got in the trough season. A major part of that is that we didn't have big gateways in markets such as New York or the West Coast to be able to launch flights. A big part of it was just the nature of the unique and very expense and small fleet of widebodies that we have. And so when we -- when I say that a lot of coming back -- or a lot of what the pandemic has been changing that materially. We have some 80 fewer wide-body-capable -- or long-haul capable airplanes in the fleet as we enter the fourth quarter. And as we start to go and build it back, the things that we're focused on, things that can produce real annual returns much as we do with our short haul and narrow-body fleet. And we're seeing that increasingly as you go out there. If you look out at our -- just in published schedules, we've never been larger in Mexico, Caribbean and Latin America. Indeed, we are almost twice as large as any of our traditional network competitors in the area, and we see more opportunities to be able to grow. Indeed, were it not for restrictions on customer entry, we'd be a lot bigger in just about every one of the countries in South America than what we are today. Similarly, we see a lot of opportunities through partnerships that we've envisioned and created since the pandemic with -- not just with JetBlue and Alaska, which create really great jump-off points for international, but also with Qatar Airways, who's very quickly become our largest long-haul codeshare partner. And we think that will continue beyond and do that partnership that will open up new markets for us that wouldn't have been viable for our customers or for us financially prior to this. So when we talk about bringing it back, we do anticipate growing in long haul, but we need to be able to grow in long haul where we can earn the kind of returns that we earn in the domestic business.
Vasu Raja: Yeah. Leslie, could you just repeat that question? I want to make sure I understood it right. This is Vasu.
Vasu Raja: Yeah. Okay, thank you for that. That context is super helpful. Yeah, look, we're continuing to be encouraged by the booking trends that we see. September, of course, as we go beyond Labor Day, September is our most booked month, and it's booked at about 35% full. That's not all that surprising to us. And in fact, it's by design, because, for us, at this point, though booking curves have expanded, still about 50% to 60% of our demand comes in inside of 45 days. So it's going to be a while before we really see how the booking curve shapes up. But we are very much encouraged at what we see. We think that traffic will continue to recover. And critically, we've been encouraged that as markets reopen, as companies return to work, then shortly thereafter, business travel comes back, especially business travel for short-haul sectors. So we're encouraged as we go Labor Day and beyond and cautiously optimistic for what lies head.
Vasu Raja: Dave, this is Vasu. And the short answer to your question is that right now, what we observe, business customers are paying a similar fare. But very importantly, as we're building this airline, we want to make it as easy as possible for our customers to return to travel and fly with us. And that means that the more value we give them through our product, the more willing they are to go and pay more for the product. And so while fare is the same, the reality is that the product that the business customer is going to come back to you in the fall is going to be way different. And for us, the big part of the product is the network. And the network that we'll be selling and marketing to customers, which is not just flight AA flies, but those that JetBlue flies and Alaska and Gol and Qatar Airways, in just North and South America alone, that network is two times larger than what any of our competitors offer. So, that's already a much more compelling thing. And so the simple way to think of it is for paying the same payer in 2019, you get a much more expansive network. And we are working really, really actively and diligently to ensure that that's delivered in the most reliable way in a way that's really easy for customers to go and understand and do business with.
Alison Taylor: Yes, just to add on what Vasu said Robert, having just talked with most of our large corporate account. I just see it is simplicity of our network arrangement and contracting with us, as we do that together with our new alliances is something that really assists the truck manager and the travelers. We have been able to sign our largest, most complex global accounts to both Alaska and JetBlue. It just makes it easier and more seamless for them to have a great network and have great offerings through our joint loyalty partnerships as well and through having a one-stop shop for the sales side of us as well.
Alison Taylor: Absolutely. 50% of our corporate customers have already listed their travel restrictions, and two-thirds have already planned to return to the offices by the end of 2021. So, this bodes well for a continuing uplift in corporate travel. And what we saw in Q1 and Q2, for our largest corporate accounts, we saw an 80% increase from Q1 to Q2. So, it's been a steady recovery. And it's been interesting for us to see some travel patterns that remain different than they were pre and some of that remain the same. For example, those that are different is that our travel remains less concentrated on peak days of the week, but the booking curve of corporate traffic continues to normalize towards 2019 levels.
Alison Taylor: No. No, that's not been part of it. For us, it's about building confidence and returning to travel and make it easy for them to book and have their travel journey with us. And so we work with all our travel partners and with travel managers to get that done.
Derek Kerr: Yes. Well, firstly, with the pension is going to -- I mean, with the paydown, it’s going to be using the excess cash that we have as we go forward. So just, we'll have a significant amount of that used to prepay the debt. But as we move forward, next year in 2022, we only have about $2.6 million of CapEx, about $1 billion -- we're forecasting about $1 billion in non-aircraft CapEx for the next four years, so we've kind of left it back. It might have come in a little bit below, a little bit above that. From a gross aircraft CapEx, we have about $1.5 billion in 2022 and $1.8 billion in 2023. And then the other thing to look at is debt payments in 2022, we only really have one significant debt payment, which is the unsecured. So, we only have about $2.5 billion of debt payments in 2022, steps up to about $4.4 billion in 2023. So, each of those two years are going to be significant as -- if the earnings are where we believe they are, we'll have more free cash flow to pay that off. From a pension perspective, we really don't have any pension contributions in 2022 or 2023 necessary. So, there's a small one, we think, in 2023 of about $50 million, but zero in 2022. So, not a lot of cash requirements for either capital, debt paydown, or pension contributions over the next couple of years, which will enable us to have significant free cash flow to start to delever along with the excess liquidity that we believe we will have over that time period.
Derek Kerr: Yeah. Savi, this is Derek. I think the – I mean, the cost is all built into the capital plan. So what we've done with all of those projects within the $900 million non-aircraft CapEx because, as you can imagine, most of that stuff was purchased earlier, and now we're just putting it in the aircraft. All the 737s are done. And as Robert said, the A321s will be done by the end of the month. So the cost perspective is already in and it's already complete. What it will do is from an ASM perspective is it will increase ASMs. So, it should help the CASM as we go forward because we're adding those extra seats to the aircraft and that is all built into the CASM guidance that we have as we go forward from a revenue perspective.
Derek Kerr: Yes. And Savi, from an operating perspective, for the airports to have the consistency of aircraft to swap and the move around has been very, very helpful from an operating perspective also.
Derek Kerr: Number one, we haven't done our plan yet. So, a number -- so we haven't figured out -- I do -- I think from a -- what we do know is we will probably have growth a little bit. We should be back to 2019 levels from a growth perspective in 2022. CASM should be lower than where we are from a 2019 perspective, and revenue is going to be dependent on the recovery. So, I would -- I will take back my comment and just say it depends on the corporate recovery, it depends on international coming back to see whether we can get to that level. But I do know from a cost perspective and a planning perspective from an ASM, we would plan to be pretty close to 2019 levels. From an ASM perspective and CASM, pretty flat on those levels.
Derek Kerr: Yes. The 787, there's -- the only gross CapEx. We only have a few left in 2022. So there's no gross CapEx in that number. That's all other than x 787. We have 14, 788s that are – 13 that are still left to deliver this year, but 8 of them are delayed at this point in time. So we really don't know the timing of those coming. 12 of them were supposed to come in 2021 -- or 11, excuse me, were supposed to come in 2021 and only 2 in 2022. So the CapEx for those 2 aircraft is very small in 2022. And as you noted, we do have sale-leaseback financing, and they're all financed in there. So the CapEx would be very minimal. We're still working with Boeing on those deliveries. Unfortunately, a lot of them were delayed. We don't quite know when they'll come in, but we're working with Boeing to try to get those. And we'd like to get them as soon as possible, but I know they're having issues trying to get those aircraft out.
Robert Isom: Just again, remember that on the 737s, we effectively took the seat count from 160 to 172 seats. And on the A321s, which we still have, 100-plus left to reconfigure. We're taking the configuration up to 190 seats from either 187 seats or 183 seats. So, it's -- again, I'll reframe this in terms of those aircraft have all new seats, all new bins. They have new wide-wings [ph]. They have power. Of course, they already have the best in terms of satellite Wi-Fi. So, we have more seats to sell. It's a better product for our customers to win overall. It's something that we really haven't had the ability to go out and market over the last year. So this is something we're excited to do as we finish off 2021 and move into 2022.
Robert Isom: International, as we said in our comments is still ways off. But as Vasu and Alison have talked, everything we see in terms of trends from a domestic business perspective and boding-well for international as well as we go out and we talk to CEOs and in insurance and in financials and in consulting and accounting firms, everything tells us that business is going to come back to where we had seen it before. Maybe in some different ways, but feel really confident starting with domestic in 2022.
Robert Isom: I'll start, and Derek can join in as well. But look, we're planning the airline for where demand is. We're planning the airline to maximize profitability. And it doesn't make sense right now to have assets on the ground. We've got the staff to go out and fly them. And we think that what we're doing is, is profit maximizing for – or loss minimizing for the airline right now. Vasu, go ahead.
Robert Isom: Mary, thanks. It's Robert. So, hey, the great news is that we're running a really nice operation in July. And so some of the places that were the most difficult to hire in and some of the things you speak of, like catering and people that assist with wheel shares, we've had really great luck with our vendors to get back on track. And so, when we take a look at the catering issues, we're right where we need to be. We have the airport staffed fully above and below the wing. And we're going to keep it that way. So we've been working closely with our vendors and feel good about it.
Robert Isom: So, yeah, we're back to where we need to be. As I said, there's always issues in certain places throughout the system, but we've -- we're running the airline that we need to right now. And as I said, we're going to -- we'll continue to work with vendors on any potential shortfall. Certainly, from an airline perspective, American has a great ability to attract team members. We pay great wages and have great contracts and benefits. And so, we've been able to get back to where we need to go. And June was a month in which we saw the issues associated with trying to ramp up as quickly as we did, but we've addressed those, and we're on the right track.
Robert Isom: Okay. I can start, and we can all chime in here. But I'd really like to focus on what we've done, which is really exciting. Over the last five years or so we've brought in, nearly 600 new aircraft so, while others may be talking about, what they might do, we have that on. We've already brought that in. And as well, any – in our narrow-bodies, we talked about with our 737 and A320 category configuration programs, that's all about making whatever else wasn't already new go back into really great shape. We've done a similar thing on the regional side where we brought in new double class, dual class RJs, especially the E175s, which get a really great reviews from our customers. And with all that, we've had an attention to making sure that we've got the right product, no matter where it's at in the cabin. We were one of the first carriers to get out there and provision our wide-body aircraft with premium economy seats, which is some of the most profitable real estate on the aircraft. Alison, as we take a look going forward. In regard to the product in-flight, we feel really good about focusing on what customers want most. And so to that end, we were the first in the business to get out and make sure that our aircraft are equipped with the highest-speed WiFi, satellite WiFi that offers full streaming capability on our narrow-body -- on all our narrow-body aircraft. We've got it on our WiFi-ed aircraft as well. Even on our 2 class regionals, we have ground-based WiFi. So we feel great about that because customers have said, 'We want to stay connected in flight.' And as we take a look going forward, we're intent on making sure that our store content product on the aircraft offers customers the ability to pull whatever they want to. And we're also going to be getting back into live entertainment as well. So from a technology perspective, we know that customers bring – just virtually everybody, 90% of our customers bring their own devices. Those devices have capabilities and higher definition in terms of screen capabilities, then we can put on aircraft right now. And as we take a look going forward, we're going to stay abreast of whatever it is that our customers need. And every day that we take a look going forward, technology improves. And we're going to be at the forefront of whatever comes. So right now, we feel really good about where we're at. I like what our product does for customers. I like what it means from a sustainability perspective, what we're doing in terms of our in-flight entertainment and making it satellite and WiFi-based. It's lighter. It's more efficient. And ultimately, it can keep up to speed with what customers want. So we feel really good about it.
