William Douglas Parker: I don't know, Jamie. I think we will be growing over that time. So I would expect we would have more people, but again, we'll see as we move forward and it's not something we – that's not a number we project.
William Douglas Parker: There's not much on the books, as you know, for the fourth quarter. It's more of what we see on a year-over-year basis versus 2016. (20:48) the third quarter is particularly a difficult comp, and the fourth quarter is less difficult. So if things stay the same, we expect we will see more improvement in the fourth quarter than we expect to see in the third quarter.
William Douglas Parker: Same thing again. People don't book that far in advance, as you guys all know. So I don't know. Don, what do we have – percentage bookings on the...
William Douglas Parker: About 15% bookings. So that 15%, for what it's worth, gives us some confidence, but it's only 15%. So that is not the source of the confidence. The point we're trying to make is our third quarter comp was particularly hard. Our fourth quarter comp looks less hard. Based on what we're seeing today, if the demand environment stays where it is today, we expect the fourth quarter increase will be greater than the third quarter. It's maybe about 16% to 17%. It's about 17%, staying where it is.
William Douglas Parker: And indeed as we put it in place, it will actually increase our revenue generating performance versus where we are today without having it in play.
William Douglas Parker: Yes, look we are not particularly concerned about how we measure our success versus others. What we care about is making sure we're doing everything we can to make American everything it can be, and to do that it's important to us that our team is properly engaged and that includes compensation. So we – it has been a long history here at American of labor discord that we are working hard to overcome, and that includes working really hard to rebuild trust with some people that lost trust over lot of times. So what that means to us is we need to make sure our team understands that we're here to support them. They know exactly what to do and how to do it. Our job is to make sure they have all the tools and products they need to go take care of customers and really do so well. And we're doing all that, as Robert described. But it also means that we'll live up to the commitment we made when we did this merger, which is we're going to – if we have an airline that has the revenue generating capabilities of other airlines, we need to be able to pay our people as other airlines do. Because of the way those two contracts have transpired, we've gotten to a point that in those two cases our team was going to be working for less than their peers at other airlines for a few years. That didn't seem right to us. So we addressed it. And we made that commitment to the rest of the team. If we find that in the future that we have – their peers that are doing the same job that they do at other airlines but not doing as well as they do, they should know that the company is going to address that, as we should. So we feel really good about that commitment, and it's one that is going to help us move forward. My own view is all the things we talked about in terms of product enhancements that we're doing and all the capital investments we're making are going to be sub-optimized if we continue to treat our team members the way they feel as though they've been treated in the past. So the way to actually get those investments to achieve their real value is to let our team be excited and fired up about the company they work for and give them an environment that they know cares about them so that they can go take care of our customers. And that's what this is for. It's for the long-term, not the near-term. We know it's the right idea. We knew it was the right idea when we did it, and we did our best to impress that upon you on the last quarter's call and I'm certain it'll play out over time. A decent time for me to make the point that, again, we're in this for the long term and we look at investments in the long-term and we look at this mid-contract pay increase as a long-term investment as well. And we feel good about the long-term. When we get on these calls, we spend a lot more time talking about the near-term than we do internally; that's fine. That's something that you all care about a good bit more than we do, and our job is to make sure that we address those concerns for you all. I'll tell you, though, when we talk to our shareholders, these are the same kind of conversations we have. We talk a lot more about the long-term with our individual shareholders, and we're really pleased to see how our shareholder base has gotten to be a lot more long-term holders because I think they appreciate what we're doing at American to build for the long-term. So anyway, it's a long way to be saying we don't just look at a world that says how is it going to affect next quarter's earnings? We look at a world that says what's it going to do the make sure that American over time produces the kind of returns for our shareholders that they deserve? And that includes making investments in the near-term that'll pay off in the long-term.
William Douglas Parker: I don't know. It depends on what the others do. What I know is what we've said in the past, and again, the best evidence I can give you is the way we compensate our executives. We've built an airline that we know over time – and indeed, in the near-term time, not in the distant future – that today should be able to produce $5 billion pre-tax earnings in a normal year, $7 billion in a really good year, $3 billion in a not so good year. That's the company we have here. That's what we believe we have. That's not just a goal. That's how we build our incentive compensation plan for our team. If we have a year where we make less than $5 billion pre-tax, our executives get less than target bonus. If we make $5 billion, they get target bonus. If make more than that, they get – and if we make less than $3 billion, they're not going to get a bonus at all. That's what we've built, and we feel really good about where we are in that regard today. As we look to next year, we'll talk more about that as we get to earnings – as we get to our Investment Day and as we get closer to 2018. But 2018 looks like a year that we can – again, it certainly doesn't look like a year that can't be one of those target years. So we feel really good about where the company is today, what our prospects are for the future, and we're really bullish for our investors, for our team members and for our customers. The investments we've been making for the last few years are beginning to pay off already and there's a lot more ahead. So we're excited.
William Douglas Parker: Before we do that, operator, I just wanted – before we leave the analysts, a little gratuitous commentary from me again. Look, I just want to stress again how excited we are about where American is today and where we're headed. And again, I believe that if you go and model in what we've been telling you, which this is an airline that can produce over $5 billion pre-tax profits on a normal year, and that we feel today that we're undervalued. It feels at least to us, to me, that things like these near-term pricing issues that have been happening for the last few years feel like still part of the market that just can't believe the industry has really gotten itself well and is looking for signals that indeed we're going to default back to the industry of the past, almost like this is too good to be true. And what we've noticed over the last few years is those tend to be buying opportunities. So that's what this feels like to us. We felt undervalued before yesterday, and we felt more undervalued when yesterday was over. So again, I would just encourage those of you that can to look at American in today as to what we produced and what we will produce going forward, not so much about what's going to happen in the next three weeks, but more about what's going to happen in the next three years. And we feel good about both those things, by the way. We just don't think what's going to happen in the next three weeks has any impact whatsoever in our value today, because that should be based on what we're going to do in the long term and over the next few years. And we couldn't, again, be more happy, more excited and more bullish about that. So by no means we're trying to be dismissive of your concerns about the near term. We recognize that's important to some subset of our shareholders and we'll do everything we can to answer them. But just please understand that if we don't have quite the same level of concern as you do, it's because we don't view this as importantly as some of you do because we're in this for the long game, and we're going to keep being in it for the long game. But we'll do our best to keep addressing those concerns of you that care about the short term. All right, media.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah, thanks. Again, we indeed are in the middle of negotiations. The company, in an effort to bring to a close, the contract negotiation that's been going on too long, put a comprehensive proposal on the table in the last week, and we'll leave that at the table. The IAM, TWU has done a nice job of doing that too, as you note. They haven't talked about specifics of our proposal. But look, what we'll tell you on the point you raise, American does more work in-house than any other airline, and nothing in our proposal seeks to change the amount of work done by our aircraft mechanics and where it's done. So we'll continue to work with them, but we're trying to get two contracts to come together and they have different kind of work rules and scope clause and things like that. We put a proposal to our team that results in a contract for our IAM and TWU members that is industry-leading, just like we have in every other contract we've gotten done. So we're confident we'll get that done at some point in time. We need to continue to work through it with our team and we prefer to do it with them as opposed to talking about it in public, but as it relates to outsourcing, we again, American does more in-house than any other airline and that'll be the case going forward.
William Douglas Parker: I don't know, Andrea. Look, we'd like to. This is the one contract we still haven't gotten done. But again, not for lack of trying on either party's part. It's a very complex one. We're dealing with two separate unions that have formed a coalition alliance. Thank you. They have formed an alliance to work together. They're working together, but that's hard. They haven't worked together before. It's seven different work groups covered by this alliance, so two different unions, two different contracts, seven different work groups going through it clause-by-clause takes some time. As you know, about a year ago we came to the conclusion that it was taking too long and that wasn't fair to our team, so we worked out an early kind of not joint agreement but an agreement with the alliance that allowed our team members to get significant pay increases and so that's happened. That's the good news is they're not far from industry-leading wages as we sit here today. So we've taken care of that part and now we've got to get this through a joint collective bargaining agreement. I know we will at some point. If it's done by year-end or not, that's up to the negotiating parties to try and do that. We certainly are trying to do that by putting this comprehensive proposal on the table earlier this week, and we're waiting to hear back from the IAM and TWU and I suspect shortly we'll keep it at the table and hopefully hammer something out. What gives us encouragement, of course, is we've done this with every other work group. When we get done with them, our team has industry-leading contracts. That'll be the case here, so we'll keep working through it. She's gone.
William Douglas Parker: The long-term. Look again, it's up to our investors to decide how they value a company and that's their job, and they know how to do it. So I'm not trying to tell anybody how to do it. Our point is simply this, as we look to the value of American Airlines, near-term pricing changes don't have any impact at all on what we think the value of our firm is. And none of these things feel like trends in the environment, they feel like noise. They feel a little bit like things shaking out. But what I know is this, we have an airline with a hub-and-spoke network that allows us to compete against anyone in and out of our markets for the long-term. And we feel extremely good about that, and we are making huge investments in our team, in our product such that that network will be able to compete with anyone with similar networks. And as a result, what we know is we have an airline that's going to produce results in good and bad times that are going to give really nice returns for investors, give really nice product to our customers. And give a really great place to work for our team members, and we're excited about that. So again, we're not trying to tell anyone how they should value the company, rather just noting that when prices fall in the near-term, we don't go run off and change our five-year plan. We don't go off and tell our executives that we're going to lower our target for your incentive compensation because someone else has gone and decided they're going to have some price skirmish for a while. But those are all short-term things and we aren't supposed to make decisions for the near-term. We're supposed to make decisions for the long-term. Our team is doing a phenomenal job of doing that, and we feel we are really, really bullish on the future. And as a result, we tend to talk about those things more than the shorter term.
William Douglas Parker: Susan, it's Doug. We are very happy with our partners and the partners we have in place, particularly those that we either have joint ventures with or are working to get joint ventures with. We always look at ways we can strengthen the partnership. That may make sense over time. To date, it hasn't made sense for American with any of our partners except China Southern where indeed we needed to help a new partner appreciate that we were in this for the long term. But the rest of our partners, one, they're on pretty sound financial footing and aren't coming to us looking for investments, and two, already have really long term commitments with each other. So, again, not to opine on what others are doing. I'm sure they have reasons that I'm sure make sense, but my guess is the basis for those reasons is ensuring that you have long term partnerships where everyone is equally committed. We feel that way already, but as we move forward that may or may not be something that makes sense for us and our partners. But really happy right now with the partnerships we have and the long term commitment to each other.
William Douglas Parker: Thank you all very much for your interest. Any questions, reach out to either Dan in Investor Relations or our corp com people for the media. We appreciate your interest in listening in. Thanks for your time.
Robert D. Isom: We do think it's a solid number, and we're making great progress. As I said, Basic Economy is going to be rolled out throughout our domestic system by September, and our Premium Economy product is really dependent on how fast we retrofit our fleets. We should have that done by the end of 2018, and as we look past 2018 that should be in our numbers.
Robert D. Isom: Don can help me out here, but we're definitely seeing share gains from our product on all fronts. And again, that's in place this summer for the first time, so adding to strength, and as we look to Premium Economy, it's just on a limited number of aircraft right now – just ten aircraft. By the end of the year, it'll be 63 aircraft, and I think in the first quarter...
Robert D. Isom: 77 – end of first quarter of 2018, 77. But we do anticipate that that strength will continue to hold as well.
Robert D. Isom: Yes. I think the best place to go to that is to the low-cost carriers. I can't really predict how well they're going to do. I can tell you, though, that we have confidence in being able to compete against them. The nature of our system and our hub-and-spoke network and the gateways that we have I think provide us with a unique opportunity to deliver a higher quality product, one that people will pay more for and with a lot of content that can't be delivered by the ULCCs. So it's going to be a competitive marketplace. We know that there's a lot of capacity coming, but we feel confident in our ability to compete, no matter what goes on with the ultra-low-cost carriers.
Robert D. Isom: No. Doug, the only thing I'd add is, it was never about more or less seats on the aircraft. It really is just one row of main cabin extra that was allowed that has just been converted back to a row of normal economy to produce the 30 inches. So it's a balance that we've got to constantly take a look at, and I think in this case we took feedback from all the right parties and made the right long term decision.
Derek J. Kerr: No, I was going to say that the big piece of that is Basic Economy, and as Robert said, we'll have that all rolled out by the end of the year. So that should be all reflected in the 2018 numbers. Premium is the one that's going to take a little bit longer to be put in as we change the aircraft over.
Derek J. Kerr: No. I mean, as you said, it depends on where fuel goes and where things are, but I think in an environment where we are at today, I think we can have margins that are above where we are at in 2017. CASM growth stays in the 2% range. We have a lot of initiatives that we've talked about that signal to us on the revenue side where we would have revenue growth higher than that that would produce margins that are comparable to those times in 2015-2016 timeframe. So, I think the margin growth is there over the next few years, and we've talked about our $5 billion number and we believe that that's where we can be from a pre-tax income perspective, up and down – ranged around $5 billion over the last few years, so we're very confident with that.
Derek J. Kerr: We've really only rolled out Basic Economy to 78 markets. We anticipate that this is going to be beneficial in the long run. And from what we can see right now, it's going to be beneficial. It's producing the results that we want. And anything that others may or may not say hasn't really shown a heck of a lot in our numbers.
Derek J. Kerr: We saw some, I would describe it as fairly modest share shift in close-in bookings, but based on changes that have been made to United's pricing structure, we do not expect any of this to continue into the third quarter and that the impact in the second quarter was very marginal.
Derek J. Kerr: Well, Helane, I'll tell you this. I think our team has always been behind us, and from our perspective, we want to make sure that we're supporting them in the ways that we need to and we can so that they can do their jobs that they want to do even better. And that's what we see. We see people that really can make use of new tools, new technology, and support from the leadership team. And so I'm pleased with where we're headed. We have buy-in, people get excited about new aircraft, people get excited about new product in terms of seats, they get excited about lounges and flagship dining. And as we take a look forward, as you noted, we have a lot of confidence in the revenue initiatives that we have coming forward. And some of those are finishing off reconfiguration programs and looking at even some others. And it's finishing off product launches that from basic and premium that we think are really going to pay off. So all-in-all, we're optimistic and very pleased with the support we have from the team, and that's only going to grow as we get stronger.
Derek J. Kerr: I mean, we lump it all into one. I mean, the amount that goes through the other revenue line is more the marketing driven side of things, but we lump it all into one. There's expenses for all of it to provide travel for our frequent flyers. So there is a definite cost to it. As you talk about over the past time, all we had said is that the increase in the new credit card deal that we did was more rate driven than it was volume driven. It was just an increase in the rate as we went forward and negotiated with our cardholders. So we had said that that came at not too much of a cost. But if you look at the overall program, there is costs associated with both of those dollars that come in to provide travel for our frequent fliers.
Derek J. Kerr: Well, this is the start of it. So the flagship lounge and flagship dining product we have plans to expand over the next year, 1.5 year. And that's a continuation of making sure that we're meeting the needs of a premium traveler. So whether you're taking a look at the hard product on the aircraft and making sure that we have the best first- and business-class hard product in terms of seat and entertainment, whether you take a look at our product on the ground with flagship check-in or the lounges, and then in terms of how we serve our customers with technology and with our personal attention through things like the AAdvantage program. We've got all the tools, and the great news is that there's more coming in every one of those categories. So when we take a look at the premium customer, we think that things are definitely going to be improving, and they're going to have value for the money they spend on American.
Donald B. Casey: Okay, this is Don Casey. When we roll out our entire product, you'll see exactly how we think the appropriate way to structure the products, so we're not going to disclose exactly how we're going to implement it. So I think it's a bit too soon to judge exactly what our plan is.
Donald B. Casey: This is Don, again. First of all, our NDC strategy is a long-term strategy, right. It's not a short-term strategy. And so we don't really expect anything we are doing right now in NDC to have any impact on the corporate share performance. Having said that, we're getting a lot of momentum in corporate share performance for all the other things that we're doing. Our focus in our NDC initiative is to provide kind of tailored unbundled products to corporations that are going to be integrated into the booking systems that they use to manage travel, and that's going to be a value-added proposition to our corporate customers. But it's a long-term strategy, not a short-term strategy.
Donald B. Casey: This is Don again. I mean, what we are really observing is just carriers are matching other carriers' prices. In our case, for anybody flying into our hubs, we have been matching their fares since the middle of 2015. So from a competitive perspective, nothing has changed for us. And in fact, we're quite excited about rolling out Basic Economy because that is the tool we've been waiting for to put in place in the fourth quarter of this year. That's going to allow us to continue what we are already doing, which is matching the fares of anybody that flies in and out of our hubs. But it's also going to give us the opportunity to generate more ancillary revenue and generate more upsell to the product that we offer to customers today.
Donald B. Casey: If somebody flies into our hub, right? We are going to match their fares, right. And that is what we are going to go do. I mean, we do sell out, right? So we did do yield management in all of these markets and we sell out of the EOCC (31:44) pricing structure a very high percentage of the time, but that's all based on individual market, but we do yield manage. We yield manage up out of those pricing structures as demand warrants, but we will, with our basic product, match whoever flies in and out of our hubs.
Donald B. Casey: I'm not going to give you a number because once we roll it out, we're going to have to figure out what the right price points are and kind of how it settles out in the marketplace. So, we don't have a specific number that we're going to add into the fourth quarter. We've had a number of initiatives, right, that we've had all year that we've seen the benefits to. As Doug mentioned, 2017 is (33:05) more of a 2016 than 2017. And we expect all of the improvement we've seen through the first two quarters, right, to continue in the fourth quarter because of the initiatives that continue into the fourth quarter.
Donald B. Casey: Let me just start with the Pacific. I mean, our situation in the Pacific is a little bit different, right. So in the Pacific for us, okay, we've rolled out a lot of new service. We started four new services from Los Angeles last year. We're going to lap the fourth of those new services in September, Los Angeles-Hong Kong. So from our situation, okay, we're now just kind of growing into the capacity that we had out there. In addition to that, we've improved our premium product in the Pacific. We didn't get to a full lie-flat product until February of this year. We're seeing very strong demand for our premium product in the Pacific. So, the combination of kind of lapping all of our new service and growing into that capacity as well as the improvements that we've made in the premium product may be changing our profile compared to others, but the Pacific, again, we've had a couple of positive quarters and the third quarter looks very similar to us. As far as Atlantic goes, Atlantic is challenging. The fundamentals are challenging. There is excess capacity in the marketplace. The capacity is being driven by low-price carriers. What's offsetting this for us is, again, strong Premium cabin performance, again partly because premium market is strong but plus we believe we now have the industry-leading premium product on the transatlantic and we're seeing very strong demand for that product. We're seeing strength in U.S. point-of-sale demand which is also important for us. And last year we had relatively low load factors, so we're able to increase load factors. So strong Premium cabin performance combined with load factor gains, it really offset what is a really weak coach pricing environment.
Donald B. Casey: I'll just say, on the corporate front, this is the third in a row where we've seen both gains in our share and also our share gap in the corporate market. We've also seen stronger yields, so average ticket values are up. We've seen particular strength this quarter in professional services, industrials and in financials, so again, we're very pleased with our performance in corporate.
Donald B. Casey: Okay. Let me take that. Again, we've been improving our sequential performance now for six straight quarters, and so once you go over one quarter, the comps do get harder. But we had some specific things related to this quarter that put us off trend line that were baked into 2016 last year. You've identified a number of them. The other big issue we had last year was there was a lot of disruptive pricing action in the marketplace last year, in the third quarter. We ended up with actually a price advantage for a period of time which helped us materially in the third quarter last year. Again, we look at the trend line, we look at the initiatives we have and the traction they have, and with Basic Economy rolling out in the fourth quarter, we see an improvement over the third quarter.
Donald B. Casey: Okay. This is Don, again. I think we've set the structure. These are our beta markets at $20 upsell, and $40 upsell in the close-in bookings. But as I said earlier, even though that's the upsell, the yield management system will potentially sell up from that, beyond that, right. That's just the starting point. So if we just look at the initial sell-up point, it's about $23 because most of the volume is at the $20 sell-up rate.
Donald B. Casey: We track every channel. And if we see prices, we will respond to price action in any channel and every channel.
Donald B. Casey: And I'll just add, one of the competitive tools that we have is our current (58:03) business arrangement with IAG. And IAG has the ability to go and launch new carrier called Level. And so we are participating in this market through our partnership with IAG because the Level services are part of our joint business relationship with them.
Donald B. Casey: Sure. So the structure we have in our test markets is a $20 upsell and a $40 upsell closer to departure. And the average upsell rates are $23 because most of the volume is happening further from departure, because as we get closer to departure we actually sell up out of the basic structure.
