Doug Parker: Thank you, Dan. Thank you everyone for being on. We, at American Airlines today reported record earnings of $1.9 billion, excluding special charges for the second quarter. It's a record, not just for the second quarter at American, but actually the highest earnings American has ever had in one quarter, in its history. And while we are not the keepers of all industry data, we think, since it was the highest earnings of any airline this quarter, we think it's the highest quarterly earnings that any commercial airlines ever reported in a quarter.  So we are quite proud of that, and given the fact that this company was in bankruptcy about 18 months ago, to be producing the highest earnings any airlines ever produced is a testament to the amazing team we have and their great work. 100,000 hardworking people at American Airlines have come together, are doing a great job of integrating our airlines, and taking care of our customers. We are -- our confidence in our team, gives us confidence in our future.  We repurchased over $750 million of our equity in the second quarter, as Derek will talk about, and today we announced we've authorized an additional $2 billion share repurchase over and above the $2 billion that we announced just in January. So very pleased with the results, and excited about our future. With that, I will turn it over to Derek, to give you more detail on the financials, and Scott will talk about revenue and performance.
Doug Parker: That’s exactly what it means, Hunter. This is one of the, I think well, it’s presumably surprising to the folk at the DOJ, though I understand why they had the perspective that they did at the time. They are worried that American -- US Airways advantage fares would go away. And in fact what has happened is we expanded advantage fares, not only to the US Airway system but put them in the entire American network and actually another step beyond that is that Delta and United have actually put them in a lot of their networks, as well. So advantage fare pricing has gone from being something that was exclusively on the US Airways network to something that is now on the entire American network and on big parts of the United and Delta networks as well.
Doug Parker: Hey, Jamie, it’s Doug, so we just -- we by happenstance just had a Board meeting this week and did a full review with outside help on the synergies. And I am happy to report the analysis shows just what Scott said. We are exceeding our estimates for synergies by our analysis. They are indeed hard to see on a macro basis because of what Scott just described, because there are things specific to American that aren't specific to other airlines. So you need to adjust for that. But if you make that adjustment what you will see is we are extremely happy with the results of the merger and the synergy we have created, and they continue to grow through time.  So we are doing more than we thought we would be able to accomplish as a result the merger and the synergy it would create.
Doug Parker: Hey, Jamie, it’s Doug. I am going to chime in on this. I think it is a big deal that we do keep hearing about. So just to add on to Scott's comments, from a very high level, look, I mean, two things; one, we are really bullish. We would not have purchased $753 million of our stock in the quarter at an average price of $43.53, if we thought the stock wasn't worth more $43.53. And we are bullish in spite of what you said and what Scott said. So what I am getting at, the focus on -- the intense focus on unit revenues is, look, I think it is important but I would encourage everybody to look at valuation, which I know is your job, not ours. But look past -- I will say this. Look there is no doubt that if supply exceeds demand unit revenues go down. And there is no down -- and if unit revenue goes down more than cost per ASM goes down, margins decline. That’s simple math and no one’s disputing that. And we are not suggesting that may not be the case. What I’m suggesting is that we know all that and we are really bullish. Because for some reason it feels like the market has taken those two sets of facts and decided that, that means bad things are around you when we are trading on multiples that are well below what I think, if anybody really would fight through all this, would do. So look the market will do what the market will do. If it continues to be -- to have this view it will just allow us the opportunity to purchase more stock. So we are going to keep on the company, do it right. We are really happy where we are. We are really bullish on the future and we are bullish on the stock at this point.
Doug Parker: This is Doug, I will try and help you. This is Doug again. What I think everyone acknowledges is ASMs have grown faster than demand of late which does put pressure on revenue per ASM. I don't think that’s news to anybody. But again, just like we -- in response to the first part of your question, as we have often said, if the -- what we believe happens in a world where fuel prices go up a lot, I think you would see -- we think you would see certainly at American and you would see capacity adjust to higher costs. I think what you are seeing is fuel prices have fallen a good amount and capacity has adjusted to those costs. I think that’s an important point to make. Much of the capacity growing in excess and demand is because we are seeing a huge change in the cost structure of the business. I don't think that should be unexpected.
Doug Parker: Under 4%. So at those levels, we think we can do a better job for our shareholders by borrowing long term aircraft at well below 4% and using the cash on hand actually to return to our shareholders because it is indeed, their cash. So that’s what we believe. That could, of course, change over time, Helane, if those markets change. We don’t see any indication of that. The math I just went through doesn't change if there is a 25 basis point increase in interest rates or something like that but it could change over time. And that’s what we continue to assess. But certainly where the market is today and what we have to finance which are high quality aircraft that are coming in, I would expect you would continue to see us continue to finance aircraft as they come in, pay down high cost debt as it comes -- to the extent it matures, but we don't have much of that left either, and make sure we maintain a healthy cash balance but also make sure that to the extent we have what we would deem as any cash in excess of that, return to our shareholders.
Doug Parker: Hey, Dan. Look, we don't look at it like that at all, in terms of what it -- we, first off, also reject the premise here. What we built is an airline that can compete with anybody. And certainly with our route network and our hub structure we have a competitive advantage, even where we have a -- even though we may have a competitive disadvantage on cost, we have a competitive advantage in terms of product primarily and maybe first and foremost the ability to connect traffic to compete against point to point carriers but then also as far as things such as premium traffic, international flows and all those things that they can't do.  So we have a real competitive advantage and we have historically done really well with that advantage versus a cost disadvantage. So I expect that will be the case in the future and we always compete on price. I don't understand the question, frankly, because that’s what we also do and that’s what we -- because we have to. It is a very competitive business. Customers care a lot about the price of the ticket and we have to compete on price, so we will continue to.
Doug Parker: Yeah, fair enough, look, and again I don’t -- here’s what I think. We bought in $750 million of our shares as quoted at $43 and we view that as a long term investment that we are really happy about. So and that takes into account all the issues you are describing that we are cognizant of and highly confident of our ability to compete with anybody and will compete with anybody and we have a great company [ph] and it’s -- we can compete with anything out there. We don't base our competition based on trying to maintain a certain margin. Our goal is to maximize our margins and do better than others. We are doing that now. We expect to continue to do that in the future.
Doug Parker: I didn’t [ph] say anything about peak margins. That’s not what I think. And again we are trying really hard to not give you projections that -- we simply don't know what they are going to be. All I said was if indeed there is revenue per ASM falls more than cost per ASM margins will decline. And you guys can go do analysis on it based on your own views about demand growth and capacity growth and fuel prices. But I’m not -- all I was saying is that, that’s math and that could indeed happen. Certainly if you look at the trends that are there today. That doesn't mean it continues to happen over time or anything close to it. I think a rational -- if indeed that happened I think a rational way to view what happened was there was a major change in the cost structure of this business, that’s something that’s by far the largest expense in the business fell by 50 -- has fallen by 50%, not saying it’s going to stay there but that’s -- you can't ignore that. When that happens you get the full benefit once the prices fall as quickly as they do, and the revenue environment takes longer to adjust. So that may be is what happened here and what you see -- if that’s true, what you would expect to see is the cost stay about where they are and the revenues fall for some period of time, but then it picks back up. At any rate I am not giving projections. I just am talking math to an analyst. So you guys know as well as I do. So but we are not here -- by no means does this feel to me like a peak, I don't think it is a peak in the economy and we are a cyclical business. But so -- and it certainly doesn't feel like the beginning of a continued decline in margins. I sure don't feel that way. If we thought that we wouldn’t good buying in $750 million of equity at this price.
Doug Parker: It’s Doug, again, we have -- if you look at the balance sheet we have an ample amount of cash to deal with the integration and deal with any future needs. So you shouldn't be concerned that we couldn’t continue to purchase stock because of cash balances. But there’s also no guarantee that we will. We don't -- we won’t -- we can't talk about how we decide to purchase stock but you shouldn't worry about the fact we don't have sufficient cash. We do.
Doug Parker: Again we try not to do this systematically. We try and do it opportunistically. So I think you should -- I don't really answer that. We have -- it certainly we have enough cash on hand today. We have projections of future cash generation and we will purchase stock based on our view of the value of the stock versus the market’s perception of the value.
Doug Parker: Well, there has been a lot more press about it of late, a lot more conversation. But I think it’s just been a consistent evolution.
Doug Parker: Yes. Thanks, Jack. I view the change in American's revenue per ASM -- again we have specific markets we can talk about, but in general, what we see is a result of there being more capacity put into the market than demand has grown. It just -- which is simple. I don't believe it should be unexpected because our largest cost has fallen 50% year-over-year. So I think that’s an expected reaction to lower costs, lower cost of production result in more production. And that’s what we are seeing here. And what’s nice to see is the revenues haven't fallen nearly as much as the costs are falling and as a result earnings are growing. So that is what’s happening. I think it’s as simple as that. That’s a positive thing, not a negative.
Doug Parker: Investors should do whatever investors think the right thing to do is. Again our view is that -- and the best thing I can point it out is to point out that we purchased $750 million of our shares at $43.53 a share, that is an undervalued stock. So we bought a lot of it. So and we were well aware of the revenue per ASM and are not remotely surprised by what we are seeing. So we, with full knowledge and with full expectation of these kind of revenue per ASM trends bought a lot of AAL at $43.53 and we are happy with that purchase. 
Doug Parker: We don't disclose what we might be doing in the future as it relates to fuel hedging, but again the track record I think is fairly clear.
Doug Parker: Linda this is Doug. I was there of course, too. And all I would add is Scott’s been [ph] watching the industry, a lot’s changed at US Airways and of course at that point and now as part of American. So at that point Philadelphia was the international gateway for US Airways. The merger gives us others, but it makes Philadelphia as a much, much stronger hub. And so the merger, I think been great for Philadelphia in a number of ways, as a part of a much stronger, more global airline than it was just for US Airways. So we will continue to look at it over time but clearly the decision gets impacted by changes, both in the environment and in our airline.
Doug Parker: Because we serve the market from other spots, still. At that point there was no other spot for US Airways to serve it from. And now we serve Asia for our customers in Philadelphia. There are connections to a number of them, to Asian markets. So again not saying that it won't make sense at some point in time, I’m just pointing out that, that decision that we wanted, the fact that we wanted to fly there as US Airways standalone several years ago doesn't necessarily mean that American Airlines several years later has the same sort of economics on that route. So but again, we are not by any means trying to dampen anyone's expectations other than to point out that a lot changed from that point in time and but the good news is the changes have all been good for Philadelphia. And we have a much, much stronger airline and Philadelphia is a huge part of what is now the largest airline in the world.
Doug Parker: We sleep pretty well. Look, it is a good way for me to say what I really would -- what I think about what is going on right now. We are -- I just can't speak highly enough about how well our team is working together to combine these airlines. We have a lot of work ahead and we all know that, but we are really proud of what our team has done, one to come together as a team and two, to work through what are really difficult circumstances when you are two separate airlines, but still produce a really good operating performance for our customers. And we are excited about the future as we get to be more and more like one airline. But that’s what we are focused on right now. We are focused on the integration of these two carriers into one. The team is doing a phenomenal job of that. We are excited about it. So we -- and we are fortunate that it happens to also be a really good economic time. So we are spending our time working on integration, and we are really pleased with the results.
Doug Parker: Yes. We are very bullish on the future, we feel very good about our future results. That of course, could change. But demand remains strong for air travel and we think we are doing all the right things to meet that demand.
Doug Parker: Yeah, thanks. And before we go, the first journalist to ask a question was Mr. Terry Maxime and Terry has also announced recently he is going to be retiring from Dallas Morning News. And that is a big loss for our industry. Terry is the consummate professional. We didn't always like what he reported, because -- but it’s always because we didn’t like the facts that we [ph] produced and they weren’t what we wanted to read, but that’s the point. I mean Terry always did a great job of reporting the facts. He worked hard to know what the facts were. He knew the industry so well that he was able to separate the noise, the substance from the noise. And he always had the best sources. So I guess the best way I can say this is when I want to know what is going on in our industry, I read Terry's blog. I learn as much from that as anything else externally that I can find because it’s always true. And it’s always well informed. So look one of the things I like reading of Terry's is something he called three idle thoughts for Friday. So in honor of Terry I am going to close with three idle thoughts for Friday. Number one is change in RASM does not equal change in value. Number two is this idle thoughts thing is a lot harder than Terry makes it look. And number three is congratulations to Terry Maxime on a well-deserved retirement and a great career, a phenomenal career. And he will be missed by all of us. So thanks Terry. All right, we are done. Thanks, everybody.
Scott Kirby: Thanks, Derek. I would like to start by thanking all the people of American Airlines for the great job they’ve continued doing operationally. April and May continued to be difficult weather months, particularly here in Dallas. But as we moved into summer we have seen a return to more normal weather patterns, and the team has been running a very good operations in both June and July. On the revenue front, our second quarter RASM was down 7%. The stronger U.S. dollar and declining international fuel charges made up about two points of that decline. Venezuela was another 0.5 point and Brazil had about one-half -- almost a 0.5 point impact on system PRASM as well. Domestically, PRASM was down 5%. We saw the strongest performance in New York where PRASM was actually up year-over-year. At DFW, our largest hub, PRASM was down 5%, which was right in line with the rest of the domestic system. Obviously, the Dallas headwinds are more challenging than the rest of the system, and we attribute the relatively strong performance -- and I emphasize relative because we never like to see PRASM down 5%, to the re-banking of DFW and to the improved PRASM performance we have seen in LCC competitive markets, as we continue to match more and more of their prices.  In the Atlantic, PRASM was down 9%, as total capacity across the Atlantic jumped in Q2 relative to the first quarter. Across the Pacific, PRASM was down 13% on 33% capacity growth. Currency and surcharges have had a particularly large impact in this region. And given our level of capacity growth, combined with the currency effect, we continue to be pleased with the absolute demand to Asia.  Latin America, PRASM was down 13%, but it really is the tale of Brazil and Venezuela, versus the rest of Latin America. Brazil PRASM was down 24%, on a 20% cut in capacity at American Airlines, and Venezuela PRASM was down over 40%, despite a 59% cut in capacity. The rest of our Latin America network had a modest decline in PRASM, which given the level of capacity growth in those markets indicates fairly healthy Latin demand outside of Brazil and Venezuela. On the integration front, we continue to remain on progress and remain on schedule with our integration plans. In the past week we passed a significant milestone in locking down the date for our reservation system cut-over in October, and we started the 90 day drain down process. We feel confident about the plan and the trainings that are in place to successfully complete the res system migration. And we look forward to getting over that hurdle, because it will unlock some of the remaining synergies, and also allow our IT and business teams to turn their attention towards making improvements in all of our processes and systems, instead of being focused almost exclusively on getting through the integration. Turning to the outlook going forward, the same factors that drove a 7% PRASM decline in Q2 continue into Q3. Currency and surcharge declines will impact system PRASM by approximately 2.5 points. We continue to see significant year-over-year competitive growth, capacity growth, particularly here in Dallas. And in South America, Brazil remains challenged, and we don't anticipate any material changes compared to the 2Q performance. Likewise in Venezuela we expect the revenue environment to continue roughly as it was in 2Q, though we now overlapped our significant drawdown in capacity from last year. So the overall impact on system PRASM is smaller. Given all this, we expect our system PRASM to decline 6% to 8% in the third quarter. In conclusion we are very encouraged with the operating, integration and financial results at American Airlines. The revenue environment faces a number of challenges, but we think we are managing well in this environment, and continuing to produce record financial results in spite of those challenges.
Scott Kirby: So there’s two big ones. One is just improved connectivity between the network and selling as a single code for -- if you go out and look at America -- or usairways.com and american.com, just as a simple example, you will often find different prices. That’s because of the inherent challenges with running a codeshare as opposed to having a seamless single system. And so all that goes away once we are on a single reservation system. And the second one is being able to essentially optimize the fleet, put the right-sized aircraft in the right market.  At the time of the merger we said each of those was worth about $300 million. The first one, the connectivity we’ve probably gotten half of it, and there is another half yet to come. And the optimizing the fleet we haven't really done anything on yet. It won't happen right away. When we do the transition to single res system, but we will be able to start that process, and it will probably take us 12 months to 18 months just to get through the first big wave of that, and then continue to continue to optimize over time. The other thing that I think we are looking -- I know we are looking forward to is while they aren't synergies per se, there’s all kinds of things that we want to do that will drive better revenue performance, that will drive better operations performance, that will drive better customer service. And we have been really limited in being able to do that, because all of our business teams and IT resources have been focused on getting the integration done. And also we couldn't work on those -- interfere with those systems while we were in the middle of the integration. So we will be able to start a whole long backlog of projects that we haven't been able to do. That is not technically synergy but it’s incremental value that will also be created once we are through the rev system migration.  So we are as a company really looking forward to it. We are really quite confident. I am sure it won't be perfect but our teams have done just a fantastic job so far in every piece of the integration. So we are confident we will get through this and be able to really hit the accelerator on moving things forward.
Scott Kirby: It’s not and we still expect that to be done end of this year or early next year. We can't combine those work forces until we get to single flight operating system which happens later in 2016. In any event, we expect to have the seniority list done well in advance of that but it is not a big issue in terms of -- we can move fleet around for example even before we got to a single seniority list.
Scott Kirby: No. I’d say the short answer to that is no, we don't detect improvement in the domestic market. I don't think it’s getting any worse. I mean for us specifically, there is another big slug of capacity that’s coming out of Love Field with eight new markets opening up in August. So that will put incremental pressure on Dallas, but the basic trends domestically I think are largely unchanged and that makes sense. If you look at the capacity situation, the numbers are very similar in 3Q as they were in 2Q. They are similar in 4Q as well. And so absent a large change in the macro economy I think that the numbers kind of broadly speaking will be similar.
Scott Kirby: Well, I am not going to give a specific forecast on it, but I think it is -- we don't see any real change in the trend. I don't know for sure if that means exactly down 5%, but we don't really see a change in the trends. Costs change a little bit year-over-year, there’s some things that get better, some days get worse. But I was answering the trend question without getting into a precise forecast.
Scott Kirby: Well, I don't know what you mean by -- I am not going to comment on whether they are rational or not but we have had some great partnerships that yield real benefits for our customers. We have two JVs today, or actually three. The new one, that’s coming online is Qantas. And we continue to believe that, that opens up new markets for us, opens up new markets for our customers, creates growth opportunities for us. The Qantas JV is a great example of creating growth opportunities for American Airlines that we couldn’t pursue on our own but we can with a strong partner and for Qantas who’s been able to put back new service that they wouldn’t be able to do on their own. So we look to joint ventures as a way to improve our results, expand our route map and create growth opportunities and we will continue to look for opportunities to do that going forward.
Scott Kirby: I am not sure -- I’m not entirely sure what that question means but what I can say is that we have been quite pleased with the results of the rebanking at all three of our hubs, and Dallas in particular. I mean you look at Dallas performing inline with the system average, with the huge increase in capacity in the Dallas market, is a pretty clear indicator that rebanking has been successful and we are really pleased with it and continue to work to refine it operationally but it’s going great.
Scott Kirby: We continue to see growth in our ancillary revenues as we’ve expanded some of the product lines and also learned from best practices at each of the two airlines. And earlier I alluded to, or talked about post integration. We have a lot of projects and plans. So a lot of our ideas which we are not ready to announce we can't talk about specifics here today, but a lot of them fall into that ancillary category of new ways to merchandise the product in a way that is good for our customers, is something that we are looking forward to doing once we get through integration.
Scott Kirby: Well, I guess I would disagree to your analysis. First, I’m not sure how you could look at pretax margins before and after and come to conclusion that, that delta hasn't changed. We have the best pretax margins of all the network carriers right now. And I don't remember the exact numbers, but I am pretty sure that American and US Airways did not have the best margins in the industry previously. So I first thing that analysis, I would question it. Second, some of the -- we have at least two really big things that I would argue, affected essentially the baseline for American that we had to overcome. American was going to underperform because of basically what was going to happen at Love Field and Venezuela. That is unique to America has absolutely nothing do with the merger or with integration or with synergies, and you would have to make that adjustment. So I guess at a high level I look at it and say American has the best margins in the industry and did not have them before and particularly when you take Venezuela and Love Field into account I guess I would reach a different conclusion.
Scott Kirby: So first I would start by saying we are producing records results. And I know there’s an obsession in the market with PRASM but producing the most profitable, as Doug said, the most profitable quarter not only in American Airlines’ history, but as far as we can determine in the history of aviation in an environment where PRASM declined 7%. That said I know a lot of investors do focus almost exclusively on PRASM and I don't know when PRASM is going to turn positive. It is being driven right now by really the same -- the three factors that we talked about. Capacity is growing faster than demand. Currency is having an effect and there are some places around the world where the macro economies are weak. So I think to get to positive PRASM you have to have some or all of those three variables have to change. That’s just the math. If we look out through the balance of this year we know that capacity in the third and fourth quarters is going to be roughly the same as it was in the second quarter. Currency gets a little bit easier in the fourth quarter but not nearly enough to overcome seven point negative PRASM. I don't anticipate a massive recovery in Brazil and Venezuela in that. So almost certainly the fourth quarter will be negative. And if you look out into the first half of next year looks like capacity is going to be trending similar to what it is right now. And currency does ease, the currency pressures ease and maybe the economies start to recover, but it looks to me like the first time you can really have a reasonable expectation for positive PRASM is the second half of next year.  That said, American does have some things that are uniquely going to help us as we get through the integration and can start to do some of the synergy things that we’ve talked about. But when you are trying to overcome a seven point negative PRASM decline, it’s not going to be enough to overcome that. So I think we are looking at the second half of next year.
Scott Kirby: Look I am not going to endorse the words you used, that responding to oversupply because frankly we don't think that’s what’s happening. Airlines are making independent decisions. Everybody is reporting the best in their history profitability. And so I guess I would quibble with the start of the question.
Scott Kirby: I can't answer an industry question. I do think that RPMs have actually grown faster than ASM. Load factors are up but I can't give an industry response question because there is no such thing as an industry response.
Scott Kirby: Okay, well, as we -- this has been a gradual evolution as we have matched ultra-low cost carriers, in particular in more and more markets. To your third question, I think we are all-in now in matching everywhere. And what we saw as we matched is that the relative RASM performance of those markets, the local market plus the connecting traffic flows on those segments actually got a little bit better and that’s in a world where the rest of the system was declining a little bit at a system level? So those markets have outperformed. It only makes sense. Our customers care about price and we are a price taker in those markets. But our customers care about that and we have won back some market share that we had lost by not being price competitive.
Scott Kirby: For American we were down 20%. We are going to still be down in the third quarter and fourth quarter, but the numbers are much less. We are now overlapping when we made the cuts last year and at a total level I think capacity is growing something like 10% or so.
Scott Kirby: Well, it has evolved and some more markets have -- there are more markets where we are matching than we would have been matching 18 months ago. But it’s not like there was a magic moment where that happened, and there’s more markets. The other thing that happened is in a world where supply is larger than demand you have more seats available. So one of the other things that happens is with your management, your management per flight is projected to go out full, we will only have a number of seats available at the lowest fares in the market.  But when there is more supply than there is demand you have more seats available. And so it is true that there are probably more seats available right now, but that’s really a function of the macro balance of supply and demand.
Scott Kirby: Capacity for the -- let me get that number. Capacity for the quarter is to be up approximately 1%. Domestically up 1% to 2% and international up approximately 1%.
Scott Kirby: Well, actually, within the Love Field markets we are actually carrying more local passengers now than we were before. We are carrying them at lower yield. But that’s what happens when the price goes down. The demand goes up and having lower fares we are carrying more local passengers. Overall probably we are carrying more connecting traffic than we otherwise would have. But it’s really not a Love Field issue per se.
Scott Kirby: I don't know what the long term answer is, but for the foreseeable future our Asia growth is going to be focused on growing our Los Angeles Gateway to Asia.
Scott Kirby: I don't know and a lot has changed since 2006 in the aviation market. And again as I said for the foreseeable future our Asia growth is going to be focused on growing our Los Angeles Gateway. And that’s a question that we will readdress and evaluate at some point in the future.
Scott Kirby: No, I wouldn’t -- if I was actually creating a list I wouldn’t have had that as a list, I haven’t created a list like that. But Chicago yields actually did better in the quarter than our domestic average. So where we are seeing the most weakness is the international connecting flows, it really isn’t domestic. So Miami is our -- domestic Miami network is the weakest but it’s really nothing to do with the Miami domestic network. It has to do with all those Brazilian and Venezuelan connecting revenues are off the system. So we would not have had the same list and in fact we are -- given the competitive pressures in those markets we are quite pleased with Chicago and Dallas performance.
Scott Kirby: Charlotte is actually doing quite well. It’s behind New York. New York was our best hub year-over-year and Charlotte was number two.
Derek Kerr: I think we are under the Airline Relief Act at this point in time, so we are fully funded under the Airline Relief Act. We are about 62% funded overall, but under the Airline Relief Act we do not have any payments that we have to do until around 2019. So our forecast would show at this point in time we look at it every quarter, that we don't have any payments for pension funding through 2019 because we are fully funded under the Airline Relief Act for every one of our groups.
Derek Kerr: Well, I think we feel really good about our ability to manage in a world where oil prices go up. We have done that historically. We have all the traditional levers to pull to do that. If you are getting at the point of should we hedge or not, the problem with that it’s really expensive to buy that insurance. I mean you look at how much our competitors have lost this year on that so-called safe insurance policy. It’s a really expensive thing to do. There is no free lunch. You can't go off and protect against the downside and pretend it doesn't cost you a lot of money. So we are still in the no-hedging category because we think it’s the best answer for American Airlines.
Derek Kerr: You know, if you look back at history, it seems that airline revenues have a pretty good correlation with fuel prices. When fuel prices have gone up, revenues have gone up. As we have seen fuel prices come down this year, airline revenues have also followed that down and consumers have benefited and I expect that correlation will stay in place.
Derek Kerr: Helane, this is Derek. What we actually did is took firm deliveries and moved firm deliveries. And what we did is move them out later in the delivery stream. So we just pushed them out. At this point in time we don't have any other opportunities, but we will continue to look at that, but there is no options that are out there that we plan on exercising any time soon. All of the deliveries that we have are firm deliveries and those modifications are to the firm delivery schedule. And if we have others we will let everybody know when that happens.
Derek Kerr: This is Derek, the MD 80s are going to be out of the fleet by the end of 2017. And that’s consistent with where we have been. We haven't stepped up plans to move them out.
