Doug Parker: Hey, Dave, it’s Doug. Really hard, of course, to project what the 2023 margins are going to be without knowing how the demand is going to be. So again, when I think for best answer as I tell you, the $1.3 billion, as we described is real sustainable. I think what we when other ways taken that is if we were starting 2019 right now with this fleet, with lane of organization, this management, we have a management team, our earnings in 2019 would have been $1.3 billion of that – consistent and other things to happen, we’ve added. We had a contract with our – so begin out with – those adjustments. But it’s real – and it’s fundamental difference in the airline right now. So you can use that to make your own 2023 projections.
Doug Parker: Right. So again – yes, Dave, we can appreciate the question. It’s really hard to figure out the margin because it’s so dependent on revenues. But to answer your question, to the extent people are modeling 2023 with whatever revenue assumptions they want to do, if you weren’t – if you didn’t know that American Airlines is going to be $1.3 billion more efficient, you should go with your numbers. If you have already suspected that, you don’t have an adjustment to make. That’s where we are. Those are the real differences in the way this company is now structured versus where it was in 2019.
Doug Parker: Hey, Mike, it’s Doug. Yes, we’ve certainly haven’t been informed that something that’s evidenced. And what we know is what Robert said about the international testing is that we’re getting that to work. And Robert said it’s had an impact on demand serving on short-haul international flying, but we’re supportive of that in anyway. Domestic testing as reasons you’ve stated, I mean, it seems like something that would both be difficult and would have us testing Americans on airplanes that we all know are safe to be on. We’ll obviously work with the administration and what they think makes sense and do our best to make sure the world doing everything we can to make sure that people are safe, and also that we get through this pandemic as quickly as possible, which is our best interest, but also let them know what kind of impact that would have on travel. But again, the bigger point is we haven’t – what you say has been floated has been informed to us. And so we haven’t heard anything directly from regulators or others about that possibility.
Doug Parker: Yes, I’ll try, Helane. The goals we already have in place are required things like this improvement. So you’re right. This is helpful to younger fleet, this is helpful to environment in terms of – and we at American have done a lot in that regard already, where we have the youngest fleet now it gets slightly younger even though years go on through this. So we’re proud of that. But that’s a big part of our commitment to get to carbon neutrality is continuing to have a moderate fleet. We’ve done with these retirements.
Doug Parker: Yes, Joe, there is kind of others reference coming on, again, to Derek comment on other stuff. So I'll first comment on. Again as [indiscernible] we still have $118 million left on our previously announced after market equity authorization. And if we choose to do anything more than that, we obviously will need to inform our investors. But right now, that's what we have to tell you. There's $180 million on the ATM equity authorization. And whether or not we choose to do that or feel comfortable doing that, we can't talk about.
Doug Parker: Yes. Thanks, Alison. Anyway to state the obvious – April 1 is approaching and demand hasn't gotten much better by then. So we are definitely going to need to address this unless demand starts to pick up. We're already talking to our unions about things we might be able to do. But anyway, nothing really to report yet, other than what we had hoped, which is the demand would have picked up, maybe not so much by April but into the summers that we would be ramping up for the summer, hasn't happened yet. So we find ourselves with April 1 approaching, being concerned about this. Our unions being concerned about all work with them. I know our unions are already talking to the administration and Congress about with the current proposal to – for stimulus to be included in there. We would obviously be supportive of that. So that’s what I know right now, not enough to tell you but just telling what we know which is something we're going to need to address here before too long.
Doug Parker: Definitely. We're telling that we got brain to drain, we've got an amazing team here and frankly that those are here are engaged to do amazing work, and if anything we find ourselves, working more efficiently and better together just because there's not enough, not in terms of – not people be doing inefficient things. So I feel really good about where the team is right now. We certainly have issues like all companies do in these times, to make sure we're doing the right things to keep people engaged and retain. But so far so good. We really have an amazing team in place. It's working better together than I think we ever have, and continue.
Doug Parker: Yes. And as a team that we are really pro-consumer and what that means is that, you're going to generate more demand just because we can connect with each other. So we think that's actually more flying for American Airlines – more bigger airplanes and smaller airplanes for example in New York because we're able to compete better against other airlines who have larger networks in those areas we do.
Doug Parker: Yes, Tracy. So we said at the start of this comment on the recent stock price movement. What we did say is that $180 million of authority on a previously announced after market equity authorization and as well, we might get in the future we can talk about.
Doug Parker: All right, Dave. I'll try it. So first off, travel restrictions, again, international has resulted in reduction in demand for international travel. But as we say couple of times now, we expect that to improve as it becomes easier for people get those tests, which is happening already. And certainly it will have an impact on demand and customers need to present a positive test to travel and we're seeing that particularly in the short-haul international travel things like Mexico and the Caribbean, non-U.S. Caribbean destinations. As it relates to any other travel restrictions, things like mask mandates, we've been doing mask mandates well before it was mandated by the government, we intend to keep continue doing that way. It was great things. We will continue to do so anything we want to make sure that the government doesn't put in place, exemptions other than the ones we have with children of two years old. So we are huge proponents of mask mandates, huge proponents of what the administration is trying to accomplish, and that's what we've been asked to do so far, we are asked to do more.  We'll do aim to impress, our desire to let right now we have a shared objective, which is to get the P&L behind as fast as we can, allow our country to keep moving. In the meantime people are driving from state-to-state, and they're flying from state-to-state. They're doing so safely. And we just want to make sure that we continue that to happen with the goal of making sure, we get rid of the pandemic as soon as possible. I know the administration shares that goal and I suspect anything we come up with will be consistent with that.
Doug Parker: All right, thank you very much for your interest. We will meet again. Just going to proud of our team on what they're doing. It gives great confidence as we go forward. I know everyone interested in how fast, things will rebound. We don't know the answer to that. We've done it well. But when it does, we're going to be there ready to take care of people when they want to travel. And we're ready to withstand, how long it may take because of the great job Derek and team have done to get our company to its financial position. Thanks for your time.
Robert Isom: Yes. And Savi, the answer – I mean, the one number that we do know is the number added back to salaries is about $300 million, which is the amount of money that we will have higher salaries due to PSP2 coming back. The other is volume. I think fuel price is definitely up, fuel price, and we gave you a 45% capacity. So I think if you calculate where the price of fuel is now, and that capacity increase, that fuel should be up right around $300 million where the curve is today. And then we have a little bit higher regional expenses because we’re growing the regional little bit by about $100 million. So those are the key – the three key things. The rest is just depending on volume of growth that we have over the fourth quarter.
Robert Isom: Yes. And Dawn, thanks for the question. The biggest challenge is getting word out to people that the new testing requirements have to be complied with. And to that end, we've done a terrific job of getting word out through every imaginable channel and what we found, as Alison mentioned a little bit earlier, our largest international destinations these days are kind of good. We've had – on the first half of the box, nobody seems whatsoever, all passengers they're basically boarded. So, we've also done tremendous work in all international locations and making sure that testing resources are available. And so, yes, we're seeing some customers show up without the necessary proof and we're re-accommodating them as required. But we're getting out fortunately with all the work that we've done to put tools in place like VeriFLY, the digital health passport. We're doing a pretty good job and we're going to be able to handle this.
Robert Isom: So I'll try to take both. So just in terms of pilots, the question is how much you are flying? And so to that end, it's a question mark out there. As demand comes back we know that over the long run we will have a home for all of our pilots, certainly those that have been furloughed in the past and hopefully that we will be able to keep everybody on board. And just because of the pilots and retirement age, we anticipate that we will be hiring pilots in the not too distant future.  Now, second question was in terms of …
Robert Isom: Oh, yes, in terms of – yeah, thanks for that as well. The relationships are not about outsourcing any shape or form. It's all about better utilizing those assets we have in finding ways in the long run for growth for us. And these partnerships are really creative in that sense that they're going to be able to allow American Airlines to do what it does best, both domestically and internationally. So prospects in terms of the work that we do for the long run is very, very bright.
Derek Kerr: So the expensing on the P&L is actually a credit. I think it’s – but let me get you back on that number. Make sure we’ve got it right.
Derek Kerr: Yes. I would say, I mean, the two big buckets, as I talked about are the $500 million in management and then the $700 million in other labor, and that goes through all groups. So, it goes – it say, as you get the summary – it’s through every group pilots, flight attendants, maintenance, fleet service. So as we look at every group we looked and see how can we be as efficient as we can in each one of these as we brought the people back. So there’s no – the biggest item definitely is management and that’s the $500 million and the $700 million goes in other things. We have a bunch of other items that are in that. There’s facilities consolidations, fuel efficiencies, benefits, a lot of other items that we have gone through to make sure that we’re as efficient as possible. We do have other savings that are out there that due to volume will be down, but we’ll have to see if those are permanent over time and whether they come back. So I would say, we did take advantage of this, do some of this earlier. All of it was on our plans over the next probably three years, but we brought all of that forward. And as we went through the process of unfortunately having to furlough people and as we bring people back, how do we be as efficient as possible and that’s what we’ve done. Dynamic manning at the airports, single agent boarding at airports, all of that stuff has been accelerated through this process and will be put in place as we grow back.
Derek Kerr: Yes, I think – I mean, we don’t have any requirements other than $750 million in 2022. And then we do have some payments, some term loans and stuff that come up in 2023. So right now we’ve gotten ourselves at the end of this quarter. We will be at $15 billion, a significant amount above the $7 billion we had in the past. So I think the liquidity is there. But we have to keep our policy and we have to keep watching it, see where the recovery is. But we are going to be opportunistic. Our biggest – we talked about the government loan, which we have $7.5 billion against the frequent flyer program for that government loan, which we would have to pull by May of 28. The determination of what do we do there is one of our – one of the biggest things we’re going to do in the next few months. But we’re happy with the liquidity level where we’re at. We’re in a really strong position. We don’t have a lot of CapEx coming forward in the next two years at all. As I talked about our actual net CapEx is positive this year, which will bring in cash flow for us. So our biggest thing to look at right now is the government loan, how do we refinance that. Actually, we haven’t pulled it yet. So how do we – what do we do for using that collateral and how much liquidity do we raise in that transaction. But we’re really comfortable where we’re at. And we don’t have a lot of commitments going forward from an aircraft standpoint or CapEx standpoint or debt standpoint in the next two years.
Derek Kerr: Yes. Yes. So we have right now we haven’t changed the delivery schedule on 787 yet. We have 19 deliveries coming this year, all fully financed. And as of right now, they’re coming, but we are talking with our partners on those aircraft. The MAX, we have eight more coming, seven will come this quarter, all fully financed. And we have 16 neos coming, all of those fully financed. So our actual net aircraft CapEx, when we just talk about CapEx it’s actually a positive. So those aircraft coming in will be positive cash flow. Next year, we have 26 Airbus 321s coming in. No financing. We have backed our financing on those, but no permanent financing yet. So we’re working on 2022. We won’t take any aircraft that don’t have financing going forward. So we’re fully financed on all 2021 with really good financing and we still are looking at 2022 right now. And we will look – as we look at the Airbus planes next year in the 788s, we’ll continue to look at those aircraft as we talk to manufacturers.
Derek Kerr: Yes, what we’re trying to do it – I mean, obviously, we’re not back to those levels yet and we don’t know when we’re going to be back to those levels. All we’re trying to do is equate to the fact that if we did get back to 2019 levels, we could do it with a significant amount, fewer aircraft, because we got – we don’t have to add a bunch of aircraft to get to those levels. Our spares are down, our maintenance allocations are down, the MAX has come back, which were down in 2019. So we have a significant amount of utilization increase and gauge increase in our fleet, so that we would not have – in order for us to get to 2019 levels, the point is that we would not need anywhere near as many aircraft to get to those levels because of those things. Whether that’s the right point it’s a level that we know and that we were at back at that point in time, hopefully, some day in the future we will be ahead of those levels.
Derek Kerr: Yes. Gross aircraft CapEx, it's about $1.1 billion as the aircraft CapEx for the MAXs and NEOs. The 787s are fully-financed and direct leased to us. And that aircraft is approximately about $200 million, so positive. So we will over-finance those aircraft that are coming in and then we have as part of the settlement, we have some difference in our PDPs schedule that goes forward. So that's the difference between the $1.2 billion and the $200 million.
Derek Kerr: And Vasu, I'll just add that every time we move one of those 50 seaters out, we're bringing in a two-class product, obviously, with a first-class action as Wi-Fi and engine power as well. So it's a much more compelling offer to our customers and we're really looking forward to.
Vasu Raja: Yes. Hey, Dan, this is Vasu. I’ll start into that. Look, the reality is that corporate travel demand is down, 5% to 10% of what its historical levels were. And though, we are very optimistic it will then return as vaccines are distributed, the timing, the speed, the rate of that is unfair at that. But also as important as that is the thing that I really never forget, I mentioned this a lot I’ll do it again here is the power of the network business, right? For us it’s the primary value we create. And we create more origin and destination markets for customers that creates more value for them and that results them – they’re paying us more for that product. And indeed, what we see right now is that 50% of the revenue that we’re drawing are from origin and destination markets, where really American Airlines has the best network or in some cases the only travel option. And indeed, the yields in those markets are 50% higher than in markets where our product is the most commoditized and a ton of different carriers can provide the O&D. So that’s a huge degree of leverage in the business because, of course there’s a big thing we have going for us is that we can move our capacity around. And so in a world where corporate travel is slowed to come back and we should expect that it is. What we really try to do is make the airline as limber as possible so that we can go and create as much connectivity where there is travel demand. And that something – in some cases that we are taking leisure – we’re taking it in some cases, where our origin and destination network is uniquely advantaged versus other airlines and the yields that we see in those O&Ds are materially higher than what we can generate even from what the business travel is there and really commoditized.
Vasu Raja: Yes. We indeed, we will be getting a material on updating. And as you probably hear from Derek's comments, by the time we get to December, we have the ability to produce 2019s level of capacity on about 110 fewer airplanes. And that will be gauge increase of about 4%.
Vasu Raja: Yes. This is Vasu. Indeed, I think you gathered it from our remarks. We would be able to produce similar level of capacity much more efficiently than what we could before. It doesn't necessarily mean that we will do so, that's all going to be a function of demand. But a lot of what you see is really the schedules that are out there flying right now.  The strongest parts of our network, all of our core connecting hubs in Charlotte, Chicago, Dallas, Phoenix, Miami, Philip, we'll continue to be that way and be it with larger gauge airplanes we can operate there much more efficiently, right. We can stay other expenses on more seats, but also by having fewer departures in there, it's more efficient and reliable product. We were shutting fewer and fewer departures to the airspace. The biggest parts of our network, as Robert mentioned in his opening remarks that we have struggled and are really showed up through our partnerships with Alaska in the West and JetBlue in the Northeast.  And through those we anticipate the combination of those partnerships plus larger gauge airplanes in a more efficient fleet will enable us to go and do things like say 50 seat regional jets out of those markets, which are uniquely high cost, but also really challenge to airspace. And so, at large, we can go and provide more connectivity into the system, provide a better, higher-quality network for our customers and do it in a much more efficient way than what we would in 2019.
Vasu Raja: Yes. Hey, Mary, good to hear from you, Vasu at end. And look that what makes demand and forecasting so uniquely challenging in these times is that, 75% of our booking curve happens inside of 45 days. So really so much of spring break is kind of a question mark right now. And there is different tailwinds and headwinds for what might happen with demand there right now. What we have seen, as Robert mentioned in his comments is that, since there have been more restrictions on international travel, our international bookings have roughly halved in the last seven days versus the first two weeks of January. It remains to be seen how much that trend holds certainly, a lot of our travel partners out there are working hard to go and bring testing online. And so we'll see how that goes for us. The biggest thing is to remain as nimble as possible and how we plan the airline, and we'll continue to do that through the first quarter and beyond.
Vasu Raja: Hi Mary, the only thing I'd add to that is that, we are working very ardently both AAL and all of our partners to deliver on exactly that. We anticipate in the first quarter, we will be rolling out some pretty comprehensive frequent flyer and connectivity codeshare with customer. And in second quarter, we anticipate being able to start ramping into new markets such as Tel Aviv and Athens, and certainly with JetBlue starts the process of deeper schedule integration.
Vasu Raja: Well, hey, this is Vasu. And right now, a lot of what you see in our asset footprint is more just we're operating with where indeed there is demand. As you go and look out there and now March schedule – sorry, February and March schedule, you'll see that Latin America network that we're operating is indeed in many cases larger than what was there before the pandemic because that is the place where we see demand, and heard Alison and Robert comment, a place where we see a lot of testing getting stood up pretty quickly.  And so for us, international will really be a function coming back. Again international bring that will be really a product of where demand is and how that test can get ramped up.
