Robert Isom: Yes, thanks Michael. So when we take a look at the revenue initiatives, we set out at the front of the year, I think the best way to take a look at is some have outperformed and others, we will be able to take a benefit of in the longer-term.
Robert Isom: Mike, it's the current size there is $1.5 billion and we don't -- we're really not sizing yet publicly the potential benefits but we do expect that this is going to be something that's positive overall. And I'm pleased with hearing of some new markets. And I would anticipate that we have more to add to that in the coming months.
Robert Isom: Well I will just start. We're just now getting into the real upsizing of DFW which is encouraging. So you're seeing some of the benefits already but the whole run rate of that is going to be as we progress throughout the year. As we take a look forward as I mentioned 2020, we anticipate our growth focus to be on Charlotte and so that will ramp up over the first part of next year. And then from there it's Reagan National after that in 2021. So Don or Doug, do you want to give any more color.
Robert Isom: And Dave, I just say that one piece of planning that I think is noteworthy is that, we anticipate sometime between the aircraft being ungrounded and when we actually put the aircraft into commercial service where our pilots and flight attendants will get reacquainted with the aircraft and will actually be flying some level of our team members around. And so I think that that is going to be helpful. But as Doug has said the biggest thing is having our pilots and flight attendants and team all behind this and ultimately flying this aircraft is going to be something that is going to be a big part of our fleet. And we look forward to taking advantage of all the capabilities that it offers once it's recertified.
Robert Isom: We don't anticipate that at this time. Again I think the biggest thing is being able to provide really comfortable and certainly reliable service and that's what when this aircraft is recertified and our team members are out behind it. And I think that that will be something that is a hallmark of this aircraft going forward.
Robert Isom: No. The good news is that American is a fantastic place to work and we have really for all categories of our team members. We have people that want to join the team and we're certainly monitoring the pilot sourcing for our regional carriers. But we feel really confident there as well that we have the scheduling practices and compensation tools to be able to track the team members that we need.
Robert Isom: Like others we will be sure to make the appropriate accommodations but over the long run, this is an aircraft that is going to be out in service and flying well and we anticipate that everybody's needs to be taken care of.
Don Casey: Yes, I will just re-emphasize what Robert said, again, kind of understand our $1 billion in revenue initiatives and how it compares; you're going to normalize for the deferred recognition rate in FFP. When you do that revenues are 4.8% which is about two points better than our kind of legacy competitors you can see where the benefit is just in there.
Don Casey: I will just say this is really just the beginning. We just started ramping up the DFW into 2Q. And we won't see the full benefit of that until we hit the third quarter. That'll obviously extend and annualize as we head into 2020 at which point we'll also be adding Charlotte which will run into 2021 and we will have an opportunity to upgauge DCA. So we have a lot of really high quality capacity network opportunities looking out for the next few years.
Don Casey: Sure, it’s Don. I'll cover that. We did that slightly positive unit revenue in the Pacific. Capacity reductions we had was the reduction of flying to China, out of Chicago, Shanghai and Beijing. We did see actually positive unit revenue growth in Hong Kong, Japan, also in Australia with more opportunities coming forward at Qantas. The China market was soft. It was our weakest performing market in the Pacific. We had about a point and a half of currency headwind as well in the Pacific as we went into the third quarter. And I think we're pretty happy that we kind of reduced our exposure to China because that's really where we're seeing some softness particularly in China upon the sell pricing where we see pretty weak pricing environment right now.
Don Casey: Sure, Hunter, it’s Don. When we had ended up grounding the MAX, there was a lot of schedule uncertainty as to how long this was going to last and how we're going to move aircraft around to try and cover this. And so during that period sort of really starting mid-March through what the third week in April, we did see close in bookings and close-in bookings particularly for corporate travel lag, right. So we definitely lost share. We definitely saw some book away during that time period to our competitors. That did bounce back by the time we got through April and in fact, if you look at the last six weeks of our kind of corporate share performance, we are number one in the industry in terms of corporate share. So that's really complete bounce back for us. But it was entirely just a response to schedule uncertainty, if you wanted to get your meeting during that time period sometimes people are choosing not to fly, so they weren't sure whether they're going to change our scheduling.
Don Casey: Yes, I will just add that. We have actually been tracking completion factor for our corporate customers which is we have been canceling flights but kind of which flights we are cancelling relative to that kind of travel patterns of our corporate customers on a year-over-year basis. There has not been a very material change in the completion factor for corporate customers. So we've done a good job of figuring out kind of what to cancel as it pertains to the outlook, we aren't really seeing anything right now that would cause any book away and we expect our performance for domestic in the third quarter to be pretty similar maybe even a touch better than it was in the second quarter.
Don Casey: Again if you don’t look at kind of what's been happening, right. We've seen some softness right in international fund sales, right. Some of that's currency. Some of that's economy. But the domestic market has remained very robust. We've been able to backfill really any international shortfalls with higher yielding domestic originating business. And we've been able to successfully grow our load factor maturely, we are up actually two points overall in the second quarter and we're up really in every entity. As we look forward, I mean we're actually booked ahead as we look forward into future months and we're not seeing really anything that wouldn't make us concerned at this point around continued strength in domestic demand.
Don Casey: Sure. I guess here is the way I would describe it. We've seen some softness again in Europe point-of-sale in terms of both demand and yields. Again the domestic markets been strong. We've been able to backfill that in growing unit revenue. Again we were up 3% in the second quarter and that's what one and half points of currency headwind. Third quarter, we don't have quite as much headroom in the load factor side year-over-year. But if you go and look out into the fourth quarter on the Atlantic industry capacity is growing at the lowest rate since it hasn't since 2012. So we are really seeing kind of moderating and lower industry capacity. And in particular, the capacity that's coming out of the Atlantic as we head into the fall and winter is really low cost carrier, low price carriers right that are taking the capacity out. So I think the Atlantic although it's -- we see softness in Europe point-of-sale. I think the capacity profile as we move forward is actually quite positive and we would expect that to start to translate into improved yields in the economy cabin as we head into the next winter.
Don Casey: No actually been quite good for us. Actually for us Miami is our gateway to Latin America. Brazil was very, very strong, Caribbean was good, Mexico was very, very strong. We had over 20% revenue growth in Mexico. And so our profile in Miami actually is -- actually we're quite encouraged by Miami. And it was actually our best performing unit revenue in the third quarter or second quarter.
Don Casey: I mean, domestic demand has been strong now for a long time, right. This is something that just happened overnight. And as I mentioned earlier when we look at going forward, we expect that we're seeing nothing right off the trend line that we've seen for domestic. So again I don't think we can type anything, kind any recency in terms of anything that's happened domestic has been in this place now for quite a while and then there's nothing again that we see that's going to take us off this trend line.
Don Casey: Chris, so what I tell you is as Doug mentioned every morning we're seeing a lot of more aircraft out of service than had been planned and we're taking actions to address that. So I can't give you a specific number everyday but it's certainly been impactful, the operation in some days we've gotten it most days we were way in front of it. So that we're addressing customers' needs. But that can be in the number -- it can be in the dozens of flights a day.
Don Casey: We're staying in close contact with both Boeing and the FAA. And I think is up to speed as anybody and as matter of fact Boeing had their earnings call yesterday and I was in touch with their team last night afterwards. So from what we heard a month or so ago we really haven't -- we don't have any new information leads us to make changes. But we're staying close and we'll certainly assess based on what we know today, we should be able to hit the timeline of being back up in November.
Derek Kerr: And Mike from a cost perspective, we have a lot of initiatives, all of them are on target the $300 million is in the forecast, so that’s all built in and we are realizing those. There are a few cost headwinds obviously as you have these type of disruptions but that's built into the CASM forecasts that I gave you, so that some of them are offset by that. But the initiatives that we set out for the one airline project to get a $1 billion, $300 million this year and then another $200 million in 2020 and 2021 are all on target and are built into our forecast.
Derek Kerr: I wouldn't say percent but we replaced somewhere. It's been a lot more over the past few years. We've taken deliveries of over 100 aircraft a year for many years in a row since we've gotten here for about five years. This year we're replacing about 65. Next year will be about 61 and that includes regional also. So the steady state would be somewhere between 40 and 50 if you cap a -- the average age where it is. So I think that's kind of where we're at. And so when we talk about aircraft CapEx going forward it comes down significantly in 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, steady state would be somewhere in the neighborhood of 40 to 50 aircraft a year when you get out into the 2025 to 2030 range.
Derek Kerr: From a debt pay down perspective, we have our normal debt pay down schedule which is somewhere between $3 billion a year over the next few years, so that pay down does not accelerate. I think there are pay down of WTCs and other debts that we have. But as you look at our pay down schedule from in 2019, we'll pay off $3.7 billion of debt in 2020, we have $2.7 billion due, 2021 we have $4.2 billion due. So it runs around $3 billion to $4 billion of debt that's paid off. That scheduled debt pay downs that go along with the pension payments but that's all in the numbers that Doug talked about when we talk about free cash flow that's all assumed that those debt payments are paid in each one of those years and that we pay off debt as it comes due.
Derek Kerr: I'll just give a shout out to our sales team and our customer relations team as well with any issues; we have opened up new means of communicating to ensure that any issues are addressed. And I've also stepped up our efforts to be out there with our corporate clients and that includes our Head of Sales Allison Taylor and myself and a number of the other executives here. So we're hearing firsthand of where the issues as we can get in front of them whenever possible.
Derek Kerr: So Jamie thanks for the question. That's the good news at least for all of us in this, there is I still believe a tremendous upside so in our operation. So while we are dealing with the mechanic slowdown in weather anomalies, and you name it we're finally getting the chance to run an integrated airline and as we do that with all of our systems, we're able to move past the point of just integration to taking a look at what the next generation of systems are. So when we take a look at scheduling practices, we know that there are potential efficiencies that we can bring about that potentially saves on flight times. We know that for our pilots and flight attendants that there are ways that we can meet their needs in actually creating more lifestyle, improved schedules that should also reduce the impact of redundancies and reserve levels. And we know that there's a lot more work that we can do on aircraft routing as well now that we have the system all in one place. And don't forget even when it comes to maintenance operations, we still are operating with a couple of different systems out there. So restricting ourselves in some way, so more upside is how I view things and thanks for bringing it up because I think the opportunity for investment is good and the payoff will be nice when we get to it.
Derek Kerr: Mary, this is Derek. We have not heard of any additional delays. We had conversations with Airbus probably a month ago and we looked at the schedule and got those deliveries all set up as part of the XLR negotiations. So that's been set. I haven't heard of any further delays at this point in time but we'll check back in with Airbus after hearing those conversations to make sure that our aircraft are as planned from our XLR negotiations where we re-spread them a little bit from the original delivery dates.
Derek Kerr: It's more like there's about I think there was five to 10 that just got delayed and then they just pushed the whole schedule out a little bit. So somewhere in that range or the amount that have been delayed but what we did is as part of our negotiations, is just re-spread them to put them in order where Airbus can deliver and we can plan a little bit better.
Doug Parker: And Matt it's Doug. I mean as Robert said in his opening remarks, the early results here are really encouraging, these markets that we have added out of Dallas as Robert said are coming in at or above system average margins as a new startup. Usually your marginal growth doesn't come in above average margins in this case they do. That just give us more encouragement to us, there's more -- there's one what we -- we believe will happen is indeed happening and two there's more of this we can do and we're looking forward to doing more as we go forward.
Doug Parker: And hi Matt, Doug again. So also thanks for asking that question, because it gives us chance to tell more about this. Given the kind of capacity reduction we're talking about here I think it's hard for anyone certainly for those of you who aren't here in the airlines every day to try and estimate what kind of impact that would have between revenue per ASM versus cost per ASM. And indeed when we raised our guidance a couple of weeks ago at least a number of reports suggested well, really -- it's unlike a cost story that we've done a better job of keeping our cost in check with some expected and our revenues came out in line. The reality at least for those of us who are watching results come in, the positive surprises were on revenue, not on cost again not that any of you should be able to figure that out on your own because it is such a different way this happens but indeed when our capacity is going down because we're having to -- because we're canceling flights very close in. What happens then is you're not able to particularly in the peak we're not able to protect all that revenue. So 1.5% decline in capacity does not result in a 1.5% increase in revenue per ASM or anything close to it. And you're not able and it's pretty difficult to go find the marginal revenues or the lower revenue per ASM as you do that. So at any rate that's what we experienced as the quarter came through as even though ASMs were down the fact that our earnings came out better than we thought, it was to us a revenue surprise not a cost surprise.
Doug Parker: Helane, a good way for us to again make the point, it's a hard question for us because there is no normal. There certainly hasn't been since the merger as Derek said we've been bringing in 85 to 100 airplanes each year and then retiring a similar amount in this by far the most aggressive modernization of a commercial airline fleet in the history of commercial aviation. So that has been the number and that's now largely behind us. So as we've been doing that also the CapEx we've had to put into integration and the CapEx that we put into all the improvements that have been needed to make into our airline that tapers not as strong enough. That comes down significantly as Derek said in the coming years both aircraft CapEx and in some of the non-aircraft CapEx. So we get the benefits of all that investment -- amount of investment in the quarter.
Doug Parker: We wouldn't encourage you to think about it in anyway because we don't know; we haven't had any discussions with our partners at Boeing about the details of how this compensation might occur. We saw as I know you did, they satisfied they put a reserve aside. We've had high level conversations with the highest levels of Boeing about what our expectations are but we haven't had any detailed conversations about how those expectations will be met.
Doug Parker: Well without giving any guidance to you guys we haven't -- we're not prepared to give just yet. On a global basis and I think in terms of what it means for growth next year, it's certainly two things going on one you have growth being stifled this year for these issues that won't. And then on top of that, we've told you the growth that we've put in place, the growth that we plan to put in place is doing exceptionally well. So you should expect us to continue along that. So this will be -- will certainly be a growing airline as we move into 2020. And then what that means again setting aside economic issues that may or may not happen, what it means for us, we think is the ability to certainly view the industry is probably the best way to think about it because who knows what happens to global issues vis-à-vis the industry and now we think as that happens for all the reasons, we've talked for a lot of the reason we talked about which is upside that Robert is talking about, I think we would hope that on that growth, you'd see our unit revenues improve at a rate that's greater even than the industry. And our cost as Derek has described staying well in check. And that should result in things like we would hope margin improvement and certainly improve -- more improvement than the group in total. And If I'm remotely right about that because of what they're striving in terms of our CapEx profile that that results in real cash flow generation and certainly more than I think you'll see from our competitors.
Doug Parker: Allison we don't really have any answer to that directly that question is no, we don't have anything specific to give you any insight. Certainly what we know is this, when the FAA declares that this aircraft is safe to fly, it will be safe to fly and when American pilots declare that they are comfortable flying, it will fly. And what I know is our customers will view those two things as extremely important in their view about whether or not the airplane is safe to fly. And so until that time, I'm certain there any customer survey data would show some concerns. I believe once we get to that point those will be largely mitigated and certainly well over time but nothing that we can tell you specifically today about where they are.
Doug Parker: Again what is most important to us is that the airplane has been recertified and because the FAA has come to the conclusion that everything that led them to ground the aircraft has been mitigated. When that happens and our pilots believe they are adequately trained to fly the aircraft and has now -- has been certified. That's what we are focused upon and we believe those two set of events more than anything else will make the difference in our consumer attitudes about the aircraft itself.
Doug Parker: David, no further information on who's talking to who. Anyway we have a great relationship with Boeing and they're a great partner and we didn’t suspect they will continue to be great partners as we work through all of this. We certainly have been today. So that's where we are with as it relates to Boeing and again --
Doug Parker: Excellent. Thanks everybody. Thanks for your interest and thanks for sticking with us through this. Any further questions let either Corporate Communications or Investor Relations now. Thanks for your time. Bye.
