William Douglas Parker: Thank you, Dan, and thanks, everyone, for being on. We reported record third quarter earnings today of $245 million. If you exclude the special items, it was a profit of $192 million. That's our second best third quarter in company history, excluding special items, and it's more than double last year's third quarter profit, excluding items of $95 million. Now the credit for these outstanding results goes to the 32,000 hard-working people at US Airways. They're just doing a phenomenal job of taking care of our customers. We are producing record performance in the all-important customer service area such as completion factor, on-time performance, baggage handling, et cetera. And that operating reliability drives strong customer demand for the product and it keeps our costs down, and that results in outstanding financial performance like we reported today. Looking forward, we expect a continuation of this operating performance. And based on the current forward curve for fuel prices, we now expect to report a profit for the fourth quarter of 2012. So we're very happy with these results. US Airways is extremely well positioned for the remainder of 2012 and beyond. So I'm going to turn it over, as is our custom, for Derek to walk you through more detail on all the numbers, and Scott to talk about the revenues. And before I do -- and then we'll get to questions. But before we do that, as you contemplate your questions, I want to remind everyone, when we get to that point, that US Airways has entered into a nondisclosure agreement with American Airlines that precludes us from discussing any potential combination. So we will not be able to answer any questions today about American or consolidation in general. So please understand that when we get to that part of the call. We are, however, very happy to talk about the results at US Airways and the great job that our team's doing, taking care of our customers. So with that said, I'll turn it over to Derek.
William Douglas Parker: Yes, Jamie. Well anyway just to review for everyone's benefit, what Jamie is referring to is our flight attendants narrowly rejected a contract that was recommended by their negotiating team and by their leadership. It was 51, 49 against the -- so anyway, the problem is that, that was also endorsed by the National Mediation Board and what we had all been told. And what the advisers [ph] have been told is if indeed this didn't pass this time, we'd have a period of recess to let everyone think about what comes next. So I think that's where we are now, but we'll see. We're waiting for -- our flight attendants will probably lead in the National Mediation Board. We, you certainly should not be expecting any sweeteners from the company. That's the way this works. No votes don't result in sweetened contracts. They result in some time for people to contemplate and come back and see if they want to vote on the contract again or else have some time off to think about it some more. So that's where we stand right now, but you shouldn't be contemplating, putting any higher expenses into your models than what was out there before. As it relates to USAPA, yes, we got a ruling from Judge Silver, but it didn't particularly help the situation in terms of the uncertainty or resolve. The dispute, as it relates to seniority between our pilots, that still needs be resolved. It doesn't appear that our pilots will be able to resolve it themselves still so the company has to figure out what we do about that. But it doesn't appear we're any closer to getting that seniority dispute resolved. And since we don't get that [ph] seniority dispute resolved, we don't appear to be closer to a joint contract. But again, we'll deal with that as it moves forward. But no new news there.
William Douglas Parker: Derek, let me know if I'm wrong,the market's very strong right now for aircraft financing right now you'll hear from them the airline. So it's a matter of Derek and team deciding when the right time to go to the market is, weighing the strength of the market versus how far in advance you're financing them and therefore the carrying cost of the cash. But financing the aircraft is not going to be an issue, and as Derek said, the cash flow from bringing them on in terms of PDP, you've already seen in prior years, and you won't see a big change this year.
William Douglas Parker: Just to chime in, this is Doug. In direct response to your question, I'd say we're probably in about the third inning with a lot more to go. And not so much because of any more structural change so much as you're indicating although there certainly could be so much more help but more about, as Scott was getting at, just actions by management teams that haven't all taken hold of them yet. This is just a dramatically different industry now, and you see in the actions of management teams, some of us figuring that out and others not figuring yet. Whenever one figures it out, you get a much more -- an industry that produces much higher profits for shareholders. And it's much better for employees because it's a sound business model that is round and can actually produce profits and downtimes, just not as big. They'll still be cyclical, but a cyclical has profits in all years and really good profits in stronger years and not as high in softer years. But we have a long way to go, and it's mostly just on getting rid of all the old dots, what this industry used to be like and having it replaced with what it can be like.
William Douglas Parker: I can answer the second half on our labor cost -- Alright, the second half as to how any other airlines' labor cost might affect our labor cost. I think we, as we have been for quite some time, have been telling you and been able to do as our people understand, we at US Airways understand that we have a revenue disadvantage to airlines like United and Delta who have larger networks than we do and that requires us to have a cost advantage. And we do, and we need to do that primarily with labor cost, and that's how we do it and our people understand that. It results in conversations that we have to have all the time, that aren't our favorite conversations as we explain that to our employees but they fully understand, the National Mediation Board fully understands. You can't have an airline that has a cost disadvantage -- I'm sorry, that has a revenue disadvantage and has the same cost. Those airlines have existed in the past and they've all gone away. That's not going to happen here. The good news is, because there's such a wide gap and because those airlines are increasing their costs even more, we are able to continue to give nice increases to our employees and still maintain that gap versus United and Delta. And that's what we'll continue to do in the future.
William Douglas Parker: Jeff, it's Doug. I think we would. Again, it's a fair question. I think part of the way I'd rephrase the question is if you really believe this industry was now a changed -- a transformed industry that was going to, even in difficult times, be able to make money, which I happen to believe. You probably -- we probably wouldn't hold as much cash, but we feel like we need to see a little more evidence of that before we decide running with less than that. I think that's the case, but that's not worth betting on. We agree with you that it's not the best use of capital to hold cash you don't need. But right now, we think it's best for our shareholders to hold that much for security purposes, given what's happened in this industry in the past even though we don't foresee it in the future. And give us -- we'll see what happens in the years ahead and hopefully, we all can get more comfortable with not holding as much cash. But right now, we're going to hold on to it. Derek wants to add something.
William Douglas Parker: No, that's not what I said. What I said is the seniority matter is still not resolved and clearly, we can't get to a contract until there's seniority list resolved.
William Douglas Parker: Yes, Ted, again, the -- as I think you know, the NMB recessed those negotiations some time ago. And if the NMB decides it's time to bring them back, we'll of course be there and ready to negotiate as we have been all along. My point is just that you can't get to a joint contract if you don't have agreement on a joint seniority list and we still don't have that. So that's the issue.
William Douglas Parker: Sure. And again, certainly, I'm not trying to negotiate this point -- over this call with our flight attendants. The question was asked what from a financial analysts about whether they should expect to see a sweetened offer. So anyway, look, the flight attendant contract is in the condition I described. We had a narrow rejection of 51% to 49%, we clearly would have liked to have seen it approved as would of AFA, but it didn't happen. So now we -- I believe the process that will take place. Again, we'll follow the lead of the National Mediation Board on this. I believe the process that will take place because there will be some time for everyone to sit and think about next steps. And that's where we are now. We're in that time period. I don't know how long that time period will be but it'll be a little while before negotiations resume. And I fully believe that whenever they re-resume, if that's a word, we don't have much to close. We're at 51%, 49%. So this is not an issue that can't be resolved at some point in time. It's just not going to get resolved next week, I don't think. We're going to have some time here for everyone to think about what we need to do to get it done. And those people include the company, the AFA and the National Mediation Board.
William Douglas Parker: We are done. Thank you all very much for your interest. Thank you for abiding by our limitation on questions. We appreciate that. And first and foremost, thank you for your interest in US Airways, and thanks again to our team for such great results. Goodbye.
J. Scott Kirby: Thanks, Derek. Before discussing the revenue environment, I'd also like to thank all the employees of US Airways for all the hard work and the great airline that we're running today. As has been the case for several years now, our record operational results continued throughout the third quarter. Turning to the revenue environment, I'll start with a review of the third quarter and then give you a little bit of commentary on the outlook going forward. As we discussed in our last earnings call, demand in the third quarter moderated somewhat from the very strong pace we saw in the second quarter. Though even with this moderation, we still set a new record third quarter RASM. Demand was consistent throughout the quarter, with September negatively impacted on a year-over-year basis by the expiration of the ticket tax and a shift in timing of the Jewish holidays. In fact, adjusting for these effects, demand in September was arguably the strongest month of the quarter. Domestic and Latham RASM were each up about 1%, and transatlantic was down 2%. A declining euro negatively impacted transatlantic RASM by over 3 points, so adjusted for the currency effects, the transatlantic performance was essentially in line with the domestic market. During the quarter, leisure demand remained consistent. And as we saw at the end of the second quarter, business demand was strong but not as strong as it was during the first 5 months of the year. Turning to the outlook going forward, we continue to see headline-driven demand with decent headlines leading to very good bookings and bad headlines causing a near-term moderation in bookings. In October thus far, bookings have been strong during the first 3 weeks. The pricing environment at the moment is weaker than you might expect with such strong bookings and record high load factors that with book [ph] yields essentially flat year-over-year. And as a number of analysts have pointed out, however, pricing generally improves during strong booking, load factor periods, but sometimes does so with a lag. Given these recent booking trends, we're cautiously optimistic on demand going forward. Corporate and business travel still feels like they're waiting on some certainty on the election and resolution of the fiscal cliff, but we see a point to enjoy an accelerating demand environment. With that, we currently project October RASM to be up 3%. The comps for November are a little bit more difficult than October, with the Jewish holiday timing helping October and mid-week Halloween and the elections hurting November, but we still expect November RASM to be up 1% to 3%. December looks like it will be back up in the 2% to 4% range. So in conclusion, we continue to run a great airline and the demand environment remains strong, and we're cautiously optimistic about the outlook going forward.
J. Scott Kirby: I think that's probably right because those 5 airplanes, our current plan for them is 2 of them would be for service to São Paulo. We've got 1 additional European route and then the other 2 would replace 767s, which would then replace 757s and so the 2 757s would come back to the domestic, but essentially that'd be 3 fewer aircraft flying domestically.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, that's a perfect intro, Mike, for, in fact, we rolled out our Choice Seats program with a limited number of travel agencies today. And in fact, I got an update this morning in the first few hours of the day that it's small and it's still beta, but those travel agencies had sold 25 tickets and 2 of the customers had upgraded. So I hope the 8% rate holds to that small data set. I think it's probably too early to say what the long-term economics of all the ancillary revenues are going to be. I would say that it's a customer service. And so it's something that, if I owned a GDS or travel agency, I'd want to offer because the customers demand it. And so I view it more as a customer amenity and sort of a need to have if you're going to sell airline tickets. And you can see that actually in the data with all of carriers, including US Airways, as we've started doing things like selling Choice Seats, that our growth rate on our online direct bookings has gone up and has moved away, in particular, from the online travel agencies. And I think that's a big part of the reason. For what it's worth, at US Airways philosophically, we're happy to let other travel agencies or online travel agencies sell these products. We're not incentivizing them to sell it at the moment, which is your real question. But we're happy and willing to let them sell it if they're willing to make the technology investment to do so and it's something that their customers want, and I think that's really what's driving it more the economics because it's what their customers are demanding.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, if demand gets even stronger for the First Class cabin, that'll be a high class problem. And I think we would want to sell as many First Class tickets as we can. In the real world, that number's probably not going to change dramatically. We're in the low 30s on paid First Class and haven't seen a dramatic change in that of late. We've seen some increase across the Atlantic in Envoy, but not a big change domestically. And that's -- it's a small enough percentage that even if you got real growth in that, it wouldn't, I don't think, negatively impact our frequent flyers because, if you grew from 30% to 35%, that's still a lot of seats available for the frequent flyers. And at the same time, we've added far more First Class seats because, as Derek mentioned in last year's fourth quarter, we converted all of our large regional jets to dual class and so we now have First Class in all those aircraft as well.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I'll do my best to comment in a way that my general counsel, who's sitting next to me, doesn't reach over and try to strangle me. I think Southwest has changed in the last several years. And we do see more tactical initiatives as opposed -- as one of the things you allude to, as opposed to just fare increases or just fare sales. And so from our perspective, seems rational and intelligent. Some of the things are a little harder to understand like the points you pointed out, but you probably have to ask them that question to get a real comment on it. But I certainly think they're more tactical, both in terms of their pricing and in scheduling where they make capacity allocation and reallocation decisions that seem consistent with what we think their profitably is.
J. Scott Kirby: It has not. And while I'm sure that we received some temporary benefit at the end of September and the beginning of October, it's not a number, we've looked and we could measure. As you point out, we have less overlap with them than United and Delta, for example have. And in any share shift, I think this gets lost in the normal [indiscernible]. I'm sure there was some temporary there that American will get back as they're starting to run better operations. But we couldn't measure it.
J. Scott Kirby: There's no way for us to know for sure. We make our best estimate. But one of the things that we take a lot of comfort in is that we have significant fleet flexibility in particular because we use 757s in our international service. We can pretty easily reduce our capacity to Europe and reallocate it to domestic or whatever markets are performing better. So -- and additionally, we fly far more capacity in the summer than we do in the winter. We're even more seasonal than others. And because of that, we're flying in the peak, which gives us more comfort on our capacity -- that our capacity during the peak will be profitable. And the combination of flexibility and flying during the peak makes us feel pretty good about our capacity plans for Europe, at least as far out as we can see.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, none of us know for sure, but I certainly think so. And if you -- I did a presentation a couple of months ago at one of the investor conferences we talked about the relationship of GDP to airline revenues. And while it's improved dramatically from 2008, it's still significantly below where it was a decade ago or 20 or 30 years ago. And at a macro level, that to me says there's certainly potential to improve industry revenue performance relative to GDP. That's something that you've seen happen in 2009, '10, '11, '12, and I think it can continue to happen in a rational industry. So I don't know how much more the margin can improve. I don't think we can ever get back to pre-deregulation revenues as a percentage of GDP, but certainly can get meaningfully higher than the industry is today because we've been meaningfully higher, not that far in the past.
J. Scott Kirby: I don't know for sure which of the factors as you can talk about those 2. But also just management teams that, while this is probably one of the most competitive industries in the world, are more rational and don't do things that are going to cause the airlines to lose money. You see that in capacity allocation decisions, pricing decisions and again this still is an incredibly competitive industry, still have margins well below what other industrial companies earn. But an industry that seems to have management, by and large, that's focused on shareholder returns. And I think some of that's been driven, frankly, by guys like you sitting on these calls and airline management teams getting beat up about shareholder returns and doing things to maximize shareholder returns as opposed to market share-driven metrics. And that message has gotten through to the industry and an industry that's focused on that. And because of that, it's outperforming what's happening with GDP.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, our stage link has been growing. I believe it grows in the fourth quarter as well. I'm looking at Derek. He's looking it up somewhere.
J. Scott Kirby: So we didn't really talk about it, but that negatively impacts our RASM by a little less than a point. It also helps CASM, so I think it's a similar affecting the fourth quarter.
J. Scott Kirby: I don't really think so because October -- if you adjust, there's a lot of adjustments with the Jewish holidays and ticket tax and all that stuff, if you adjust for that, October actually is very similar to September which I know a lot of people have written and talked about September as being weak. September was actually, given all the negative adjustments that affected September, a decent month even though, on a year-over-year basis, it wasn't as good. It's just shifting of traffic. So I think October is largely similar to September and our guidance for November, I think, implies some acceleration, which we think we're going to -- which we think we are seeing for September because -- or for November because, in November, you've got the more difficult -- you just have more difficult comps. And so to come in a point, only 1 point lower in November than October implies some acceleration.
J. Scott Kirby: I don't know. We look at it on a stage-adjusted basis when we look at it internally. And internally. we outperformed in all 3 months, we outperformed by more in September based on that metric. I'm not sure what the specific causes of that. There's so much noise in the month-to-month in this quarter with the ticket tax and the hurricane and -- that I don't have a good explanation for why we would have performed better in September than July and August. So I don't think it was a large difference, at least by the way we look at the data.
J. Scott Kirby: We are, and in fact, one of the surprising points in this quarter was that European point-of-sale actually grew at a faster rate than domestic point-of-sale. European point-of-sale grew by 13% for us during the third quarter.
J. Scott Kirby: And that really depends on how far we get on adoption in third party -- with third-party sellers and how long that takes. So I'm more comfortable saying if I look further down the road at some point in the future, I think that's going to be, instead of $86 million like it's going to be this year, that's going to be $300 million to $400 million so a big number. But the timing of when we get from here to there is a little murkier because it depends a lot on third-party adoption.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, the cost increase is negligible, and so the contribution -- it's 2 seats, the contribution is very high because it's a small capital investment to buy seats. And then the incremental cost associated with those are a little more fuel burn but not very much and then past your selling cost. So if you sell the seats, you pay GDS fees or credit card fees or whatever. But that's probably 90-plus percent gross margin on those seats.
J. Scott Kirby: We have pretty limited flexibly to reduce capacity. We're near our minimums on both utilization and fleet size. And because of that, we don't have a lot of ability to dramatically reduce capacity. That said, while I think there would be an industry capacity response to a slowing economy, that would benefit us as well, even if we couldn't meaningfully reduce capacity. And I think this industry, this went to an earlier question about structuring and restructured industry, has demonstrated in the past few years in adverse macro situations, whether it was a weak economy or high fuel prices, that we've been able to respond as an industry. And US Airways is part of that industry and I think we do well. To your question, or I don't know if it was a question, but the comment about the economy for next year, while we don't have a necessarily a better crystal ball than anyone else, but we do see a strong leisure demand. And historically, that's been a pretty good indicator of where the economy is headed. It's more of a leading indicator when leisure demand starts to weaken, that's indicative of consumer spending, retail sales all starting to weaken as well. And leisure demand has held up quite strong for the past several months. So using our internal data, and would feel reasonably good about the economic outlook for the fourth quarter and into 2013.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, it's the same number of slots as we had before in there. And Delta is adding capacity by upgauging the aircraft. And so I don't think that, that will affect the operation negatively. In fact, it'll probably do it positively because the regional aircraft fly faster than the turboprops. And so it makes it arguably a more efficient operation at the airport. So I don't think we've seen any impact and don't expect to. And in fact, if anything it should go the opposite direction.
J. Scott Kirby: Charlotte's doing great, and it's doing great in the face of a pretty big capacity growth. That's where most of our capacity growth has been. Charlotte is one of the best hubs in the country because it's a strong business base, and it's got a great catchment area in the entire southeast. It's a very well-run, efficient airport in terms of cost and it's doing really well and doing really well despite significant capacity growth there. We're looking forward -- actually, we have plans to continue growing in Charlotte, including service to São Paulo, hopefully, sometime soon, if we can get the regulatory issues worked out and then even more small city service over the next few years.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I mean, they're already -- AirTran serves it and it's just switching to Southwest so I don't think that changes anything at all.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, it'll probably have a modest impact on us. I don't think it'll be material, but we serve a lot of the same markets in -- or a lot of the same destinations in Europe as does Delta. And so it can have a modest impact, but I don't think it'll be meaningful to us one way or the other.
Derek J. Kerr: Yes, I think, Mike, just from indication, domestic is probably in the 2% range, and international more in the 3.5%, 3% range.
Derek J. Kerr: Well, right now, we have 21 deliveries. Four of those aircraft are already financed through a double EETC transaction and will cover almost all of the cost of the aircraft. The next 17 we're working on right now, we don't have a plan yet. I think it'll be similar to what we did in 2012, which is a combination of sale leasebacks, debt transactions and double EETCs. I think the double EETC market, as you've seen in the last few transactions, is very hot and a very good market at this point in time. So we may take advantage of that. So we have not really committed to the other 17 aircraft yet. We have RFPs out for sale leasebacks and debt transactions and we have looked at the market. From a PDP standpoint, the real big blip in PDPs was in 2012. We have, because of the fact that the deliveries kind of end in 2015. You'll see actually the net PDP effect of the cash flow in 2013 is really pretty flat. And I'll give that guidance out when we get on the call -- when I give our guidance for everything for 2013, we'll have that in there. So but I've yet to commit to financing on the other 17. We have backstop financing on all of these aircraft from Airbus, but we have not determined the ratio of how we're going to finance the next 17 planes in 2013.
Derek J. Kerr: Yes, maintenance for the fourth quarter should be just a little bit higher than what it was in the third quarter. I think we were at $171 million in the third quarter for aircraft maintenance, and I project it to be in the $175 million, $177 million range for the fourth quarter. So it's just up a little bit in the forecast on a year-over-year -- I mean on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Derek J. Kerr: We do have reserves. We always reserve for our aircraft returns, and it just depends on how we do the aircraft returns. Sometimes, we do the maintenance work and return the aircraft. But sometimes, we can -- if the aircraft is never going to fly again, we can work with the lessor and buy out the return conditions. So it just depends on how we do that. But we don't expect any big increase in aircraft maintenance next year, and I'll have that in our guidance when we give out the guidance for 2013. There should be -- we will have -- over the next couple of years, we've had a real high-check cycle in the last 2 years that really comes down over the next 2 years. So there'll be, actually I believe, lower maintenance costs going forward than what we see today.
Derek J. Kerr: Yes, what we have -- right now, we still have a valuation allowance. So we have a valuation allowance that is on the order of about $125 million at September 30. So it's not as big as other valuation allowances in the industry. Under GAAP, it just depends on whether we reverse this or not. The reversal of that allowance hinges on sustained profitability. And that's not really a bright line test. So it requires significant judgment. We're going to look at that and we'll continue to evaluate our accounting treatment of the val allowance through year end with our auditors. The $125 million would equate to $375 million in pretax earnings. So if it was reversed at the end of the year, we would have P&L taxes beginning in January. If it's not reversed, it will cover the $375 million. So if we made over $375 million, we would start to have P&L taxes. But from a cash tax standpoint, we have significant NOLs where we won't be paying cash taxes for a while. But we could start seeing -- depending on the earnings that we have in 2013, we could start seeing P&L taxes. But I'll know more about that at the end of the year and be able to give guidance on the next call of whether the val allowance stays in place for 2013, which I believe -- I think it will. And then -- but I'll give that guidance out on the call, January call.
Derek J. Kerr: Yes, there's 2 big chunks of restricted cash, are credit card holdback and reserve and then workers' comp collateral. So of the $350 million or so of restricted cash, about $180 million of that is workers' comp collateral and about another $90 million of that is credit card reserve at this point in time. Then there's some letters of credit collateral that we have out there. So those are the 3 major components of restricted cash.
Derek J. Kerr: Yes, in the third quarter, mainline stage link was up about 1.5 points of the ASM increase. And for Express, it was about 2.8 points of the increase.
Derek J. Kerr: Ancillary revenue in the third quarter was $146 million, which includes bag fees and other type of items. And we forecast that in the fourth quarter to be about the same. The run rate on the Choice Seats right now, Scott is like $86 million for the year. So the increase in our current revenues would be in that line item from a Choice Seats perspective and how far we can grow that from its $85 million run rate to higher next year.
Derek J. Kerr: I think December is -- both November and December are similar to last year. There's no big move in either of those 2 months, which is unusual. Usually there are.
Derek J. Kerr: And Jeff, just to clarify a little bit on the maintenance side because you had that same question as I think I said we would be down next year, but I think we're going to be up a little bit next year and then the basic honeymoon type of cost we dip down in 2014. So when we give -- when I give our 2013 guidance, we'll be slightly up on the maintenance side when I give that guidance. But I didn't speak correctly earlier to say we would be down year-over-year in '13. We'll actually be up a little bit on the maintenance cost.
Raymond Neidl: I'm going to ask a question, I don't know if I'm going to cross the line here with the merger or not but I'll try anyway. You can answer in more of a general way, but American pilots are now -- seems to be negotiating with the management and will be coming up with a contract. And if it's a more expensive this contract with what you had agreed with US Airways, how might that affect your thinking. And the general question I'm getting at is I think Delta is probably the industry standard for pilot's contract and the pilots at other companies will be shooting for that, including US Airways, and how might that affect your labor core structure in the future.
Raymond Neidl: Okay, great. And kind of tied in with that is the economy next year, some economists are saying it's going to be a good year, and it looks like you're still going to see [ph] a pretty good year overall. Other economists are saying we're going to a recession. I'm a little worried myself about the fiscal cliff January 1 and test cliff [ph] January 1. If the worst thing happens, if we do go into a major downturn next year, what flexibility do you have, as some of the other airlines have, of reducing your capacity? I think that's tied in with part of your pilot agreement.
Raymond Neidl: Okay. And Scott, one last thing, Delta seems to be hell bent on screwing at LaGuardia. They're putting a lot of capacity to make it into a hub. How might that affect your operation, in particular, I was thinking the shuttle operation which really has to be on time.
