Derek Kerr: It's hard to talk about any of this because it's a confidential settlement that's out there today. The impact in '20 and '21 where -- is in there from a settlement perspective. But we can't really talk about how we got the settlement and where we got it. We got it over time after things and that's kind of where we are Mike. It's really just because it's a deal with Boeing that we have and it's confidential that we can't really outline where that's at. But it will -- the Boeing settlement for the $6 billion that we talked about is included in those numbers, so there's no change to that. No upside to that number because of the Boeing settlement unless we talk about a 2020 settlement that's out there that we have not talked about at all. So I guess there's some upside if there's a Boeing settlement on 2020. But I think the '20 -- the settlement we already have is included in that $6 billion number.
Derek Kerr: We have an ASM guide at 4% to 6%, so we have assumed a completion factor of 4% to 5%, excuse me. And we have built in a completion factor that we assume that we continue to run the operation that we have today. So that is in play there. From a CASM perspective, for the full year, the one big headwind that we have is in the maintenance area and it's mostly in engine cost. And some of that is driven by keeping some of the older aircraft around and doing engine hauls on those aircraft -- engine overhauls on those aircraft, due to the fact that the uncertainty on the MAX and some of the delays on the 321 aircraft. So, we have extrapolated in the operation is going to be better. And we have -- but we have -- one of the biggest headwinds is just the maintenance side of things from a cost perspective.
Derek Kerr: I wouldn't say it's any -- we're different than what's expected. I mean from attrition rates have definitely gone down because of the salaries within the industry. So at certain areas where there were high attrition, it's gone down a fair amount. But we're managing that. That just means we're not hiring as many people in those areas than we have. So I'm not concerned about where we're at. I think we're efficient. We're going to become more efficient over time. There might be some opportunities that we will go after over the next few years. But as we go forward, I think we look at that all the time. But attrition really hasn't impacted it. That's really lowered hiring and lowered where we needed to be from a hiring standpoint.
Derek Kerr: It is ratable throughout the quarters. And the 260 number is the number that is going to be the expense this year.
Doug Parker: Hey Kate, this is Doug and I'll just add to that. Again, much like we said that the ASM numbers for the year don't really reflect our plan for the entire year because, again that 4% to 5% will be lower than that before the MAX returns and higher than after. The same holds true for CASM. So, that number can move as return to service dates move. But know this once the return to service date is here, the CASM will be lower than that average number Derek gave. And until it does, they will be somewhat higher than that.
Doug Parker: Jamie I'll take that on a broad one. If you need more Derek can give you more example. And to your question when was it – when do we come that it was last night. So it incorporates everything we know at this point in time, everything we anticipate at this point in time. And our – certainly our objective is not to amend it other than to maybe be amending it upwards we had hoped maybe at some point in time. Because everything we see right now are really what we anticipate right now. And to the extent that changes of course we would update it at that time. But anything we know now is in there. And to the extent unanticipated issues come up we'll work very hard to offset those, so we don't have to adjust it. But it's – all those things you mentioned are incorporated in that.
Doug Parker: Yes. I want to make sure I said it's right again. It includes everything we anticipate at this time. We know where we are in labor negotiations. What we anticipate is included in that so...
Doug Parker: Yeah. We're always actively looking to pick-up new talent throughout the organization. We've been doing so for quite some time. That's one case. There have been several over the years, and they've been some of the best additions to the team. It's one of the really nice things actually from my perspective of the transformation that's happened. American and in this industry, there was a time it was difficult to attract good people that are -- that were already in the business. But we've -- who we are and what we can do now, I mean might get us -- just look at -- if you -- you apparently haven't or we haven't been prominent enough in pointing out to you the kinds of people we have been adding such as our General Counsel with a phenomenal resume in the division. We have people we've added over the last two years from firms like this, memory now, IBM, PepsiCo, Walmart, JPMorgan, Starwood, Texas Instruments, that have all come to this organization and had made a huge difference, and we'll continue to do so. So we'll keep doing that, and we do it throughout the organization. Those people are all throughout the organization. We feel fantastic about the team we have in place, the structure we have in place, and the bench strength we have in place. We're -- what we -- but we always are looking to improve. And are -- as you know, we're excited about the hire as you noted, and there are more to come as there always will be and really excited about we have in place.
Doug Parker: Jamie, here's how we think about -- I'm sorry -- every time. I swear I'm not doing it for -- I swear I'm not doing it for. 
Doug Parker: All right. All right -- right now. But I do it to each one of you. So anyway, Hunter, sorry. Look this -- we view this settlement as we do all cash proceeds and cash flow generated by the company it goes in order. First to invest in the business make sure we're doing that. Next to make sure we're paying down any debt either that is expensive, which we don't have any of that or as it comes due and we don't need to add more to do that. And then having done those things invest in the company and make sure we're paying down debt as prudent. And then make sure we have sufficient amount on hand to ensure that we have -- as we do an extremely large cash balance ought to be prepared to be ready for any sort of black swan event that might happen. So we make sure we always have at least $7 billion of liquidity in hand. So you know all that. And then having done all that the excess, we do look to return to shareholders. We've been aggressive about that in the past. We'll be in the future. We believe with where the stock is -- when we believe the stock is undervalued, we think the best way to return that to the shareholders is to repurchase some shares. From those who are not as -- we're not as -- don't have as much of a strong view on the future as others might. We think that's the best way to return to shareholders not through dividends. So that's how we'll treat these proceeds as well.
Doug Parker: Yes. Before I answer that I just want to respond to your comment. Nothing that I said we have disadvantages to United nothing. We're not saying any reason that we think we shouldn't have margins at or better than United. And I agree with you our credit card program is an advantage. That's one of the reasons that there shouldn't -- what I said was we may have a structural disadvantage on the network front versus Delta today. So anyway that's what I tried to say. The -- as to your question on how much of that free cash flow gets to investors I'll refer back to my comments which were as follows. We said that we expect over the next two years free cash flow of $6 billion. And we also said that we expected to reduce our total adjusted debt by $3 billion to $4 billion. Again, so that's -- there's a couple of billion dollars there. And again all else equal would be excess of the $7 billion. And with -- again consistent with our past behavior and our views about our obligation to our shareholders, I would expect if I was modeling that that would be returned to shareholders.
Doug Parker: Yes, sure. Yes, thanks. Look the MAX is still an issue in 2020. So -- and when we say we expect to be back, obviously we have our June date and -- but that we're going to need to reassess that. So some time late summer early fall, let's assume that's going to be at about the same number of months in 2020 as it was in 2019. So the MAX effect on financials, there's no positive impact in those numbers. I do want to make this -- take the time to make this point, whatever that amount is we will be compensated. That -- Boeing has been clear about that. They've shown that they're -- they will do that. It is unfortunate that the accounting for that doesn't match the period in which the pain happens. But it's real value. It's value that accrues to our shareholders and we are committed to ensuring that we receive that value for you on your behalf on our behalf. So that -- again those -- I would just ask all of you as you look to those kind of large impacts of the Boeing impact to understand that those are -- that's an accounting issue in large part, at least again for financial purposes. It's a huge obviously issue for our customers and our team. But other than that, as it relates to the financials, that amount our shareholders will be compensated for. It just won't be -- it just won't be accounted for in the current period. Point one. So that's my answers to how much is the MAX. So that leaves you with the other piece, which is the operating issues we had this year. Certainly, there's upside to that. We -- as I mentioned, we have some -- we have another headwind which is the contract which caused -- the contract negotiations which were related to that issue will result in -- what we really want to get happen make happen with this contract for our fleet service and maintenance team. That will lead to an increase in our costs. So on a year-over-year basis I think those things certainly don't have a huge positive. It's certainly not a positive impact. I'll say it's one versus the other. But having said all that, I go back to where -- what we said which is knowing everything we know at this point we gave you an EPS estimate that we believe is our best estimate of where we are at this point incorporating all.
Doug Parker: Yes, it's a good question, Dan. I don't have all the answers specifically, but you raised a good point. That number is based upon -- we work with -- again there is science, but at the end of the day it's -- there's some art as well. But the science is going and working with some outside investment bankers and running all sorts kind of Monte Carlo simulation worst case make sure under any sort of difficult situation that we have more than enough to handle that. Those simulations run with less debt will result in a lower cash balance required. They're not doing it yet. When they do, we'll continue to look at it. But it's a fair -- but anyway, you raise a good point. I look forward to the day that that's the question we're getting from all of our shareholders which is "Why are you holding so much of the cash." But right now, we believe it's prudent. But there will -- I certainly expect as we produce the kind of cash flow we suggested and use it to pay down debt that there will come a time in the future that we'll -- that number will come down somewhat.
Doug Parker: Ali, we aren't at this point. We are running our airline today without the MAX in service. And if we're going to be out longer than we anticipate we will continue to do the same things. We're not going to have our strategy dictated by when this airplane comes or doesn't come. We know it will fly again someday. When it does we'll be ready. In the meantime, we're going to keep focusing on running a great operation making sure that where we are growing that we're growing where we can be profitable, and making sure we're generating some free cash flow. But when the FAA side of the aircraft is ready to fly, we'll be ready -- we will make -- we'll be ready to get our pods training at the aircraft back up. We're looking forward to that. But until that time, we'll keep doing exactly what we're doing. And don't have any plans beyond trying to figure out what happens after that or before that.
Doug Parker: They continue. The National Mediation Board is overseeing those negotiations. We recently restarted again after the New Year. They continue. And that's the update. The -- we have -- all parties have agreed at the NMB's request not to discuss those negotiations. Other than that -- and that's been productive thus far so we'll abide by that.
Doug Parker: Thank you all very much. We appreciate your interest. And if you have any questions please let us know. Thank you.
Robert Isom: Sure. So one of our big projects on the mainline side was to make the configurations on our 321s and our 737 fleets identical. So because of the issues that we ran into last year, of course with the MAX and aircraft out of service we slowed that project down. So to date we plan on reconfiguring a total 304 737s. And I believe that we're – it changes daily but I believe that we're 80 or so through that. We've just started on the 321s the 202-or-so aircraft there. So there's a lot more that is coming there. Recall that those configurations not only did they standardize not only did they also add to the total seat count but they also brought great customer amenities such as new lighting, new seats, oversized bins, satellite WiFi and whatnot. So we're really excited about that and getting great feedback from customers on that. We still have in our plan to eliminate the E190s by the end of the summer. The Super 80s are gone. The 767s will be gone next year. And on the regional side we've done a great job in terms of both rationalizing our fleets in terms of different configurations and also carry partner carriers as well greatly simplifying things. So we're really excited about where we've – where we started. There's still a lot of upside though as we move forward, especially on the mainline side of things.
Robert Isom: Yeah. We're working really closely with the FAA in trying to make sure that there's all the information is built into our planning. From what we know right now we know that there's going to be simulator -- 737 MAX simulator training required. We are sketching out a number of different scenarios. And in all of those we've made sure that American is sufficiently staffed with resources simulators, and also training resources to make sure that we can get the aircraft back up as soon as possible once the FAA and once our pilots and Boeing say the aircraft ready to go.
Robert Isom: Thanks Dawn. So first off, we haven't -- it's too soon to see any impact. Our network isn't that extensive in Asia. But we're on top of it. We're working with CBP, the CDC and public health officials as well as our medical resources here to make sure that we're following all best practices. We're doing that with an intent to make sure that we take care of our customers and team members. We've seen viruses in the past that we've had to make accommodations for and to be prepared for. We're doing all those same things right now. And we're going to watch it and make sure that we take aggressive action if there is a need to.
Robert Isom: So, we know -- we're confident that the MAX will come back. And we plan for the future. And as we take a look out into that future and where we will be later in 2020, assuming the aircraft comes back in late summer or early fall or even out into 2021. We are planning and making sure that we're ready to accommodate those aircraft. The planning cycle for pilots is a lengthy one. And so we actually have to start hiring 12 months or more in advance. Not only to handle growth, but also to handle the hundreds of pilots that are, now retiring out of American. We feel really good about that pilot pipeline. We're going to make its -- our pilots are our best asset. And we do a great job in going out and hiring and recruiting the best of the best and making sure that they're always trained and ready to go. So, we're planning well in advance. We have sufficient number of pilots. And right now we're not making any changes to that plan.
Robert Isom: So right now, all we can tell you is that we know that we have 24 owned aircraft. And that once the ungrounding is lifted we're ready to go with those. As I mentioned, there's a number of aircraft that have also been produced. We're hopeful that those would be some of the first that could be released. But then in terms of future production, we don't know. And so, we'll continue to work very closely with Boeing, once the aircraft is ungrounded. And we're hopeful to get delivery and back to the levels of flying that we had intended originally.
Robert Isom: Edward, right now the 190s are scheduled to go out at the end of the summer. That's the game plan. That's the way we've built the airline. We will make adjustments based on what we hear from Boeing and the actual time lines as they become more firm. But right now, we anticipate the MAX coming back late summer, early fall. And we're preparing our airline to that end.
Robert Isom: Yeah. So from the original schedule, we're probably a year behind. But as we take a look into the year we will have -- we restarted the 737 line. We have the 321 prototype done as well. And we will have a critical mass. I don't know the exact number that we'll have done by next summer, but, its 115...
Don Casey: Okay. This is Don. Actually we're very, very pleased with how well we executed on our – what we described as kind of the smartly go load factor, because obviously our objective is not to maximize load factor but to maximize revenue. And we had over the course of 2019 issued record load factors. It was the highest load factor the company has ever had in its history. And as we look at where we grew because that's really the most important part, we were able to find the right places in order to be able to push the load factor out. As we look forward into 2020, we still think there is a little bit of opportunity as we look back to fine-tune what we did in 2019. So I think a bit more upside going forward.
Don Casey: Okay. This is – Duane, this is Don Casey talking. So if you could just look at kind of what our guide was our guide was to have TRASM up, I think at 1 point in the fourth quarter. We ended up 0.5 point. Two-tenths of that was we had more ASMs in the quarter because of better completion factor. We're down about three-tenths. When you do look at the numbers that we have, you have to remember this is the kind of the last quarter, but we have this headwind related to frequent flyer recognition is about nine-tenths a point. So when you kind of back that and look at our numbers, we actually did I think pretty well relative to everybody else. Probably more importantly is as we look forward into the second quarter, particularly in the domestic market, we actually see the domestic market looking pretty robust as we head forward – look forward. So in every forward month right now our yields, which were a bit soft in the fourth quarter, because of the performance in November all look positive, right? So we're pretty actually optimistic about our forward outlook. And again, as you think about the fourth quarter really the only thing that was off track for us was November. We did better in December than we expected. We did better in October than we expected. But November with the extra week of trough that last week before Thanksgiving for us was very, very weak. But beyond that, everything really performed really at or above expectations. And again, the forward look in terms of forward deals is positive.
Don Casey: Yeah. This is Don again. Just add one more point. If you look at where the MAX capacity effect is it's really domestic. That's where we actually have the impact. It grew domestically only by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. We expect it to grow a lot more. And domestic has the far and away the highest nominal PRASMs, so it hasn't taken important impact on us in terms of fourth quarter unit revenue.
Don Casey: This is Don. I'll just talk just about the Atlantic. Just the way our joint business kind of we settle out revenues at the end of the year, we didn't have a three-point headwind on the Atlantic, which we can not really relate it to the kind of performance. You back that out our performance is basically right in line with Delta and United. So I think we're all seeing the same thing which is a pretty stable business demand and demand for premium products that have pretty aggressive pricing at this point in the coacher.
Don Casey: Yeah, yeah, so we have started. We've expanded the codeshare with Qantas. So right now I think it's still in the early stages. In terms of performance, obviously, we when we look at the Australian market, we've seen over the last -- really started about three weeks ago a bit of a softening in terms of U.S. demand. But overall, I think, we're very happy with the progress, we're making with Qantas right now.
Don Casey: All the 738s will be done by April of 2021. And then all the 321s will be done by May of 2022. And we're going to keep the line going at the entire time. We're not going to pull the line because of the delay in the MAXs this year. We're going to keep it moving.
