Devon May: Thank you, Robert. Excluding net special items, we reported a second quarter net income of $774 million or adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.09. We produced record revenue of $14.3 billion in the quarter, up 2% year-over-year. Unit revenue was down 5.6% year-over-year on 8% more capacity. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 15.7%, and we produced an adjusted operating margin of 9.7%. Our unit cost, excluding net special items and fuel, was down 0.1% year-over-year. On our fleet, we now expect to take delivery of 20 new mainline aircraft this year, down slightly from our previous estimate of 22 aircraft. The remaining planned aircraft deliveries this year include 11 Boeing 737 MAX 8, 3 787-9, and 3 Airbus A321neo. We’ve taken delivery of 6th Embraer E175 this year and expect to take delivery of 6 more E175 through the remainder of the year. With these adjustments to our aircraft delivery schedule, we now expect our 2024 aircraft CapEx to be approximately $2 billion, and our total CapEx to be approximately $2.9 billion. We continue to expect these moderate levels of CapEx to remain through the end of the decade, with aircraft CapEx plans to be between $3 billion and $3.5 billion per year from 2025 through 2030. In the second quarter, we produced approximately $850 million of free cash flow, and ended the quarter with $11.7 billion in total available liquidity. We reduced total debt by approximately $680 million in the second quarter, and we have now reduced total debt by $13 billion from peak levels in mid-2021. We remain on track to reduce total debt by $15 billion from peak levels by the end of 2025. Now I’d like to walk you through our outlook for the third quarter and provide an update on our full-year guidance. In addition to commercial execution, our focus continues to be on delivering a reliable operation, maximizing profitability, and re-engineering our business to drive savings and greater productivity and a better experience for our customers and team members. As we have stated in the past and shown with our recent capacity reduction, we will remain nimble in our planning to ensure our growth is in line with our expectations of demand. As Robert mentioned, we lowered our planned capacity growth in the back half of the year and now plan to grow capacity by approximately 3% in the third quarter, with August up approximately 2%, and September up less than 1% year-over-year. With these adjustments, we expect to produce less capacity in the third quarter of this year than we did in the same period of 2019. We expect third quarter of TRASM to be down 2.5% to 4.5% and full-year TRASM to be down 3% to 5% versus 2023. Our work to re-engineer the business is progressing well. We are ahead of plan and expect to deliver approximately $400 million in cost savings in 2024. Additionally, we continue to find opportunities to improve working capital. By the end of this year, we now expect to have achieved more than $300 million in incremental working capital improvement, which is in addition to the $100 million we achieved in 2023. Third quarter, CASMx is expected to be up approximately 1% to 3% year-over-year. We expect our full-year CASMx to be up approximately 1% to 3% consistent with our prior guidance, despite lower planned capacity growth. Our current forecast for the third quarter assumes a fuel price of between $2.55 and $2.75 per gallon. Based on our current demand assumptions and fuel price forecast, we expect to produce an adjusted operating margin of between 2% and 4% in the third quarter and approximately breakeven adjusted earnings per share. We now expect to deliver a full year operating margin of between 3.5% and 5.5%. This guidance is based on our current demand expectations and assumes a fuel price of between $2.65 and $2.75 per gallon. At the midpoint of our full-year guidance, we now anticipate producing adjusted earnings per diluted share of approximately $1 and free cash flow of approximately $500 million. These results are not good enough. Our team is focused on commercial execution and delivering results and I’m confident we can close our relative margin gap with our peers and achieve our long-term financial targets. Now, I’ll turn it back to Robert for closing remarks.
Devon May: Yes and July capacity was effectively set as we went through and updated guidance in May. But we now have August capacity growing by about 2% and September will be growing by less than 1%.
Devon May: Scott just on your second question around CapEx and where we’re at with cash, we still are expecting to produce free cash flow this year. While modest we expect around 500 million of free cash flow in 2024. As we look out to next year we do have a step up in CapEx but it’s not that significant. It’s just one of the great things about our fleet and where we’re at. We have pretty modest CapEx going forward. We’ve talked about CapEx being in that $3 billion to $3.5 billion range for aircraft in 2025 through 2030. I expect 2025 is going to be at the low end of that range and possibly even slightly below that guidance.
Devon May: Hey, and Savi, I’ll just add to that. That’s one of the things that gives me great pride in what the company has done, but also it’s the basis on which we’re building back. We’ve managed cost better than anybody, but it’s not in its name. We’ve run the most reliable airline in terms of completion factor over the last year or so, and it’s evidenced by what we were able to do with the crowd strike issue. We’ve got a great fleet, low CapEx. As I mentioned earlier, we’re going to be renegotiating our co-brand credit card relationships, and I do think that there’s even further things that we’re going to be able to do from a cost perspective. What we’ve got to focus on right now is regaining the share that we seeded from an agency and a corporate perspective. When we get that back, which we will, and you add that to the strength that we have in the other areas that I mentioned, we’re going to get back on track, margin expansion, free cash flow production, and then a continuous path to improving our balance sheet strength.
Devon May: Yes, Conor, just on your question on where cash is, and you mentioned cash burn. As we talked about in the script, we don’t have cash burn this year. We’re producing free cash flow. We ended the second quarter with over $11 billion of liquidity. We have reduced total debt by $13 billion from peak levels. Our net debt is lower today than it was at the end of 2019. So from a cash perspective, we feel we’re in really good shape. We expect to continue to delever as we go through 2025, and we expect to hit our 2025 target of total debt reduction of $15 billion.
Devon May: Hey, Duane, it’s Devon. I just, maybe we’ll start by following up on your first question as well. The first half capacity was at least in part the rebuild still of our 2019 capacity. We’d added less capacity back than anyone else. We had some hubs that were still far below their historical capacity levels. That slowed in the second half as we got to product capacity. On your second question around unprofitable components of the network, this is something that we’re always looking is to move capacity into our most profitable parts of the network and to improve on areas of the network that are softer. But we have a fantastic hub network. There’s always going to be best performers and performers at the other end. We think all of our hubs can be solidly profitable and while there are some laggards today, we have a revenue team that has a strategy to improve on it.
Devon May: There has not been an accrual for it through the first half of 2024. It is in the guide starting in September when we assume ratification. And then it’s in our fourth quarter outlook as well.
Devon May: Sorry, a little bit of trouble hearing the question. But or on cash and cash outlook for 2025. Yes, we had been projecting greater than $2 billion of free cash flow in 2025. We’re not updating our 2025 outlook right now. Obviously, we expect to perform better on top line, but we’ll give guidance as we get into next year. As it relates to our total debt reduction expectations, we were tracking ahead of our $15 billion plan before. We have a lot of liquidity. We have the ability to go ahead and raise additional debt if we need to. But right now, the expectation in 2025 is that we will produce free cash flow. We will meet our $15 billion debt reduction target, and we’ll have solid liquidity as we get through the year.
Robert Isom: Thanks, Devon. Our airline is designed to deliver results, results for our shareholders, results for our customers and results for our team members. We have not met our expectations this year and our entire team is focused on working with urgency to get us back on track, improve results and deliver on our commitment. That will drive value for our shareholders and all of our stakeholders. As we take a step back, the foundation of our business remains strong and our priorities remain the same. Our operational reliability continues to perform at historically strong levels. Our fleet is the best among U.S. network carriers and drives enormous value for the airline. With this fleet, we have stable and moderate CapEx through the end of the decade. We’ve made great progress in strengthening our balance sheet and remain on track to reduce our total debt by $15 billion by the end of next year. Our network is well positioned and we are working to finalize our co-branded credit card negotiations. We’re ahead of planning in re-engineering our business to operate more efficiently and productively and we’re managing our costs better than anyone in the industry. We’re committed to delivering on a strategy that maximizes our revenue and profitability and importantly, one that makes it easy for customers to do business with American. We remain committed to deliver margin expansion, free cash flow and continued debt reduction over the long-term. When we return to their level of revenue production we know we can achieve and couple that with our operational reliability and best-in-class cost management we will unlock significant value. Operator, you may now open the line for analyst questions.
Robert Isom: Hey Mike, I’ll start. Hey look the forecast that we produce is based on what we see in the marketplace today. We all know that there’s a supply and demand imbalance and we’re taking swift action to make sure that we are reducing our planned capacity growth in the back half of the year but it’s still a murky environment from that perspective and we’re going to have to see where the industry settles. A lot of our problem is caused by our sales and distribution strategy that we put in place in 2023. We think that it’s had about three quarters of a billion dollars impact in the first six months of the year. We’ve more or less assumed that that is going to be what happens in the back half, but I’ll say this though, it doesn’t take into account what we’re going to be doing to try to win back our share. We don’t know how long it’s going to be it’s going to take. You’ve heard about some of the things that we’ve done. We’ve seen modest improvements in terms of capturing share in the indirect channel based on just making sure that we’re fully available within edifact from a content perspective. We’re renegotiating our agency contracts right now and getting new agreements in place and we’re reaching out to our corporate. So our intent is certainly to do everything we can to get back on a better pace but right now we’re building in what we see in the marketplace.
Robert Isom: Hey Mike hey I’ll just start with this. We know what we have to get done and I’ve asked Steve to take over the commercial team and he’s doing just that. As I said in my comments he’s our most seasoned and experienced and accomplished executive. His whole career has been dedicated to addressing and solving really complex problems. He knows our company. He knows the business really well. He knows our people. He’s reorganized his team. He’s done an immediate dive into what we need to take it to take care of right away. We’re doing that. We’re moving incredibly quickly and Steve’s going to take care of this until we get the job done.
Robert Isom: Scott thanks for the question. Just first off in terms of capacity. Again, reason for adjusting capacity supply and demand imbalance and it’s led to pricing weakness. From that perspective we take an action as quickly as we can and from that perspective you’ll see that our total growth in our total capacity in the third quarter is now planned to be actually a little bit less than where we were in the third quarter of 2019. The capacity adjustments we’ve made, Devon can help me with this, in August is we pulled down to 1% growth.
Robert Isom: Scott as we take a look at into the fourth quarter and then beyond we’re going to react to the marketplace and making sure that we’re competitive but at the same time you’re doing what’s right for profitability. So as we take a look at the 2025 we’re going to be very diligent in assessing and making sure that we’re certainly not outgrowing demand.
Robert Isom: Hey, Jamie, thanks for the question. Look, there’s no perfect world. And in terms of snapping fingers, we all know that, we’re the product of, years and years of building our network and our system. I really like where we are from a network perspective. One of the things you, everybody needs to be mindful of is that regional differences in terms of growth and profitability are going to happen. It happened every year. And there’s differences in terms of international demand versus domestic. When you take a look at our network and where we’re strongest, it fits very well with where both population growth and economic demand is forecast now and long into the future. The basis for international is our domestic network and our ability to fly into our partner’s hubs and into secondary cities in Europe and Asia and South America. It’s built on the strength of our North American network. And we’re really pleased with what we’ve built over time. Short haul international and MCLA. We’re really pleased with what we’ve built in terms of our hub structure. So my answer to your question is I love the basis on which we can operate. And as we see where demand strength around the world is going and how it’s going to change, we’re going to build off of the strength that we’ve put so much time and energy in over the years.
Robert Isom: I think it is a flawed assumption. Look, loyalty revenue has been one of the bright spots in terms of our revenue performance year-over-year. And I think, Devon helped me out, loyalty revenues grew by eight percent year-over-year over year. We think that we can do a lot better than that. And it’s based on not only what I see in our loyalty program and how attractive it is to our customers, but also by our partners. City is certainly, at the forefront of that. They absolutely want to get involved in more and deeper ways. We’re going to take advantage of that. And the opportunity for us is actually making up some of the ground versus where our other network peers are. And I have great confidence we’re going to be able to do that because I know that in terms of the negotiations that we’re pursuing, that it’s going to be a better deal in the long run and produce results that I think will be very positive.
Robert Isom: Well, we are really proud of our cost performance over the past several years. We have been industry leaders in our unit cost performance, and it’s just been focused across the board. It starts with a really strong operation. But we’ve been talking a lot about how we are re-engineering the business for efficiency and leaning into technology to drive better productivity and a better experience for our team members and customers. So we’re continuing on that. I feel we’re progressing really well. I do expect some amount of cost pressure as we rebuild the sales staff. There’s going to be some cost pressure as commissions go up, but I think we’re managing cost better than anybody, and as we get into 2025, we’ll have the same focus that we’ve had for the past several years.
Robert Isom: Sorry about that. The domestic details year-over-year, we do have domestic capacity up in the third quarter by about 3.5%. It’ll be probably closer to 3% as we look out to the fourth quarter as we sit here today. As Robert mentioned earlier, fourth quarter schedules aren’t finalized and we’ll continue to adjust based on the demand environment that we’re seeing.
Robert Isom: Hey, Conor. I’ll start with, look, the actions we’ve taken so far have been really straightforward, and that is making sure that Americans’ content and product is available to any channel that wants to access it. That’s done. And that’s just that alone has resulted in us winning back passenger share. Now, the next steps to that are then going to be making sure that we reestablish productive relationships with the travel management companies and agencies. We’re doing that. And I believe that that will unlock further share growth. And then on top of that, as I mentioned in my comments, I’ve talked to dozens of corporations. And after getting content available and then also making sure that we have appropriate relationships and agreements in place with travel management companies, the next is to make sure that we’re doing everything that we can to have the right agreements in place with our corporate customers and to support them in a way that they feel valued. I know that we’ve started down that path, and everything that we’re doing is about winning back that share. I’ll just be frank. We over-indexed on direct, and we’ve got to find a way to play in the richer pool of indirect revenue. And that starts with having content, having relationships, positive relationships with travel management companies and agencies, and then supporting our corporate customers in ways that they feel valued.
Robert Isom: Okay. Yes, sorry. For the PSP loans, they do reset as we’re going forward. I think they’re still for plus 200. So still a pretty good rate for us, but we’ll continue to watch the market, and if the marketplace allows for refinancing at better rates, we’d look to do that. But for now, we’d see them remaining outstanding until maturity.
Robert Isom: We’re very pleased with our positions both in DFW and Charlotte. You’ll see that the majority of our growth this past year has been in those hubs. We really look forward to reestablishing as we’re bringing our regional network fully back up to speed. We’re very much looking forward to filling out our presence in both Philadelphia and Chicago as well. I like what I see in DCA, Reagan National, and how that is coming back. And again, while there’s been pressure in short haul Latin, Miami and Phoenix have all done fairly well for us as well. So in regard to our system, we’re making sure that we’re flying where we can produce the greatest level of profitability. And one of the things that I’ll just underscore again is that, business traffic is something that, travels throughout the country, throughout the world. We’re poised with our network to serve. I think, almost 90% of the places that you might want to go in the world. We’ve got a network that is going to appeal and right now we’ve got to go back and win back our business share. So Tom, thanks for the question, but what I wanted to say though was I just want to take a quick moment to recognize your predecessor Helane Becker for her accomplished career and valuable work and contributions to our industry over the past 40 years and I’m pleased to say that I’ve know Helane a lot of those 40 years. So from all of us at American, Helane, we miss working with you. We wish you the very best in your new advisory role and Tom, best of luck to you as well. Thank you.
Robert Isom: Duane, thanks. I’ll start and Devon certainly can fill any blanks. Look, we anticipated obviously a more a stronger, more robust demand environment. Plain and simple. There was tremendous growth in 2023 and as we entered into 2024 we simply anticipated that demand would perform and allow pricing to perform a lot better than it did. As we’ve taken a look from that time, we certainly understand that we’re in a marketplace that couldn’t absorb all that capacity and so as we’ve said, we’re making those immediate adjustments, but you’ll see us be very, very conscious as we go forward. But I’m going to underscore again, the biggest issue that we’ve had in terms of disappointment was our misstep in our sales and distribution strategy. That would have accounted for a considerable amount of additional revenue and it’s something that we’re going to make sure that we gain back.
Robert Isom: So I’ll start, Andrew. So look, from a regional perspective, a lot of the capacity that has come in to the industry has been in a lot of the capacity that has come in to the industry has been in places that we’ve been traditionally strong. But I also expect that as we take a look going forward that the adjustments to capacity will likewise be in places that potentially benefit us as well. But we’ve seen significant pressure in parts of our network that have been profitable and continue to be quite profitable, but just less so. So things like our short haul international MCLA. We’ve seen some pressure in other places. A lot of it again, due to the fact that we’ve missed out on a pool of premium revenue and in business traffic that we’re going to win back. Does I take a look overall? I don’t see a lot of variability in terms of impact throughout our system other than what I’ve noted.
Robert Isom: Well, I’ll just start with, look, premium business is important to us. And as I mentioned, it’s one of the bright spots that we’ve seen year-over-year, and we anticipate that, that strength is going to continue. It’s going to continue, we’re going to invest in it. We’re going to invest in it with real product, real hard product. And it’s not something that we have to talk about. It’s something that we have and we’ll continue to grow in our fleet. So not only do we have the most premium seats of any carrier in the marketplace today, but we anticipate growing those by 20% as we go out into 2026. Headlining that is new 321XLRs that will come in 2025. That will be a great product for things like short-haul Europe as well as augmenting our transcontinental fleet operations. We’re going to be redoing our 777-300s that will add premium seating, new flagship suites and then add to that deliveries of 787-9s as well with flagship suites. So overall, I feel really good about what we can do. And I’ll just say as well, look, we’ve been operating a premium network, a worldwide network for decades, all the way back to our early days. We feel really confident about our ability to operate against any type of competition. And I really like where our fleet, our product and our ability to service that stands right now.
Robert Isom: Thanks, Ali. Look, our partners, look, we go to market with them. And so the feedback that we’re hearing from them is similar to what we’re hearing from our customers, which is -- they want us back and available in every place that we can be sold. They want to participate in a richer mix of business. They want to certainly be attentive to the way our product is sold in the U.S. And so from that perspective, they are encouraging us, number one, to get content back out. Second, to make sure that we have agreements in place that facilitate the sale of our product through travel management companies and agencies and that they want to have great relationships with corporates. They’re incredibly supportive. We’re in it together. And in the case of BA, we have decades-long business with them as a joint business across the Atlantic. And I know that they are incredibly interested in us getting back on track.
Robert Isom: So Ali, I’ll take this. I’ll save David from pat himself on the back. Look, David has assembled an incredible team. And I feel like we have more experience from an operations perspective overall than just about anyone in the business. And what we have to go through just in terms of weather across our network, it gives us great experience in terms of disruptions. And one of the things that we’ve learned is that in terms of any disruption, you better keep track of your aircraft certainly, but also your crews wherever they are and you probably ought to take action as quickly as possible to make sure that you don’t lose visibility for the purpose of recovery. We’ve built technology, and we’ve done the right things to ensure that we take early precautions, early steps, and that ultimately results in a better outcome. All that said, I do think we’re also benefited by making sure that we have devices and means of communicating with our team members out in the field. That certainly facilitates but it starts with having people that really know the business and the steps to take. All that said, I just -- I mentioned technology today. It’s something that we’re going to have to continue to make sure that we build resilience around and ensure against a patch being put in place that can knock out so much of the world’s communications.
Robert Isom: We’re in communication with our partners constantly. And what they are interested in seeing us do is to take quick action when we see any type of issues. We’ve been alongside them as I’ve said, we identified a deviation in terms of our revenue performance versus some of our large network peers in the first quarter. We thought that was going to reverse itself. It didn’t. We identified that we needed to make a change, we were really quick and we’ve kept our partners in touch all along, and they know our plans and certainly are supportive.
Robert Isom: It’s revenue-based. And so -- but it’s rich revenue. So absolutely positively has a big impact on contribution. As I said, we’re taking steps immediately to reverse some of the reaction in terms of getting content at. We’ll see the benefits of new agreements with travel management companies and agencies in the coming months. Work with corporations may take a little bit longer, but we’re addressing that as quickly as we can. And so as I take a look at, we’re going to try to get in a good spot to kick off 2025 but we’ll have work to do. But all that said, I am confident that over time, we’ll recapture our share.
Robert Isom: Thanks, Latif. I appreciate everybody’s time. We take the situation in terms of revenue production very seriously. As I said before, we’ve taken immediate action to address the supply and demand imbalance as we look into the back half of the year, and we will be very focused on it as we do our planning for 2025. In regard to our sales and distribution strategy, we’re taking the steps to get back on track. We’re doing that very quickly. We’ve talked a lot about that. And I’m confident that as we look into the future and Americans plants, our network, our fleet, our product, that plus regaining our share is going to put us back on track and that track is to improve margins. That track is to produce free cash flow and ultimately, strengthening our balance sheet and our position in the industry. We’re committed to that. We’re going to get back to work on it right away. Thanks.
