Scott Kirby: Thanks Derek. So I will take a minute to talk briefly about our operational results and then turn to the revenue environment. As Doug and Derek both said, we are extremely proud of our team and continue to run a spread of operations in the second quarter, capped off by winning the Triple Crown amongst network carriers, it was the number one on-time performance, number one in lowest complaints and number one in lowest mishandled bags in the month of May. Turning to the revenue environment, during the second quarter our total RASM increased 19% among the best year-over-year performance of any of the network carriers particularly to adjust prior mix of domestic and in fact we have no Pacific fly as compared to the rest of the industry. Of course last year at least hopefully, so comparing only to the comps for 2009 can be a little misleading. Compared to 2008, our 2Q RASM was still down 2% though of course 2Q and 3Q of 2008 represent the all time high for airline revenues as the economy was strong and the airline responded to high fuel prices with aggressive price increases. I will give you a few more statistics in a minute, but we will preview them with a consistency. All of our revenue metrics went up dramatically year-over-year but still down slightly from their peak in 2008, and we aren’t seeing either acceleration or deceleration from here. For some regional color, transatlantic RASM was up 37% and domestic was up 17% though versus 2008 both transatlantic and domestic were down 3%. We expect the transatlantic market to continue to dramatically outperform domestic on a year-over-year basis going forward. As we’ve seen throughout 2010, the quarter’s improvement was driven largely by improving business demand. During the quarter, our book corporate revenue is up 42%, though still down 2% compared to 2008. In June, for the first time this year corporate revenues were actually up slightly versus 2008, consistent with improving corporate revenue, our business oriented markets significantly outperformed leisure markets. For a couple of examples; Delta RASM was up 24% and our La Guardia RASM was up 36%, and these markets are almost exclusively business demand. On other hand leisure was relatively less strong on a year-over-year basis with quarter RASM up only 6%, Caribbean up 1%, and Hawaii market up 2%. While business markets are much stronger on a year-over-year basis, it’s once again due to the dramatic drop off that we saw in 2009. If you compare these same markets on a two year basis, the year over two year performance is almost identical. For having overwhelmed with your year-on-year or two year statistic shift, I’ll turn the revenue outlook going forward. As most of you know the comp starts get much more difficult on year-over-year basis. We spend lot of time and energy trying to understand revenue trends compared to 2009, 2008, and even back to 2007, and our simple conclusion is while there is some month-to-month volatility in ours and other airlines monthly RASM, by-and-large what we have experienced is a revenue recovery that’s been good but is essentially flat line since March and April. There is recovery in a couple of percent below the peak pricing and revenue environment of 2008 and 2% better than what we thought was a really good revenue environment in 2007. From the macro economic perspective, this built us like a tepid recovery and one, it isn’t getting rapidly better but certainly is in double dipping or getting any worse. While that’s not what we would like to see for the country at large, a test of recovery is also leading to moderate fuel prices. As a result year sale in the industry are producing near record profit despite the fact that we have a weak recovery underway. For some specific forecast, our CASM with the comps really being a tough on a year-over-year basis going forward. The following forecast assumed that the revenue environment remains status quo, that is, no improvement and no worsening. We currently expect July passenger RASM to be up about 16% year-over-year. The comps gets harder in August and September and we still have a lot of revenue left to book. So our best estimate is that RASM will be up slightly less than in July based simply on the fact the comps get more difficult. For the full quarter, we currently expect passenger RASM to be up about 15%. So to conclude, the employees of US Airways continue to run a truly fantastic operation, and we continue to be encouraged with the revenue environment. Despite what feels like a tepid recovery, it means we still haven’t yet reached the peak in revenue environment of 2008. US Airways is still producing near record financial results. So, we are well positioned even in this environment with upside if the economy strengthens. With that I’ll turn it back to Doug.
Scott Kirby: Okay, well, we don’t have a lot of revenue booked yet, but what we do looks very good for the month of September. Do expect that the council get kind of sequentially a little worse, and so July will be the best month, August will be the second and September will be the weakest of the three. But September is also benefiting from the fact that it’s more business oriented. So, while the comps start to get more difficult in September, it also is going to have a more business orientation. So that’s going to help. It’s a forecast at this point and we feel reasonably good about it. But some uncertainty about what will happen with September, but the new event, we think the fourth quarter will be up about 15%. And I view that really as not really acceleration or deceleration to be at about 15%. Again, there is a lot of volatility in the kind of month to month numbers and with differences between what’s happening with corporate versus leisure, then comparing all the way back to ‘08 and ‘07, which ‘08 also had a lot of strange things going on with fuel prices going up. So we really think that 15% forecast is mostly a continuation of the trends that we are currently seeing today and at least bookings that we have and current book yields that we have are supportive of that forecast as well.
Scott Kirby: I think, and then I have to go through the analysis of how you come to the original permit, because our numbers have been virtually spot on what we forecast from the beginning and it’s ramped up as we expected and that really does mean shift in mix or shift in behavior. Our numbers have been right on until, from our data and I have to go do it with the expose to see how you reach that conclusion. [Our day], I would not have reached the same conclusion that you use as a permit to the question, because it has seemed consistent with what we expected.
Scott Kirby: Well, I think some new ancillary change. I think we are running basically run rate revenues. It very based on load factor and is very based on seasonality of mix of leisure verses business traffic as you pointed out, but we are basically a run rate until we do something new.
Scott Kirby: We have a commitment on the deal that runs through I think August of next year, so effectively we are exclusive through August of next year.
Scott Kirby: LaGuardia is actually, modestly profitable in this revenue environment. It is the least profitable of any of our operation, so it’s the lowest margin and it’s modestly profitable in this revenue environment.
Scott Kirby: Correct, excluding the shuttle and excluding the hub flying, it’s all regional capacity in the right quarter and we are going to find non-hub, non-shuttle, is slightly above breakeven. And its still again as I said to Mike, the right strategic answer and DCA is our highest margin market. So, we would be swapping our lowest margin for highest margin. So, there is still upside and plus the international benefits. So, we absolutely still would like to get that deal done. But as I also said to Mike, the near-term financial benefits are less than they otherwise would have been because it already has recovered so much. 
Scott Kirby: Well, it’s partly a comment on their numbers, we certainly don’t see weakness in the Southeast, we see the opposite actually. So, I don’t think that yet, maybe they are conservative, maybe we are too aggressive. There is a slightly different capacity situation, Delta has more capacity on a year-over-year basis in the back half of the year then we do. So that’s going to affect their RASM numbers, but other than that I don’t really have any good theories.
Scott Kirby: We are still talking to ITA, we don’t have any explicit internship and although and although we would like assurances from ITA, we’ve had a fantastic relationship, we were the first airline and it certainly worked with ITA in a big way. Years ago we had a fantastic relationship with them and have done a lot. It really has been a true partnership and we want to make sure that as they become Google, it stays that way and so we just want reassurance in that regard or [by the ratios] in that regard before the transaction closes.
Scott Kirby: I don’t know for sure what that will mean, but it will mean contractually keeping the relationship as it is today, not changing the business model and keeping the relationship as it is today, and a partnership that’s expanded and that is not all just what’s written within the four corners of the contract, but the partnership always been things that are mutually beneficial for both us, and we just want to maintain the working relationship that we have with ITA today, and so we would be working with them for some reassurance that that’s going to stay the same.  
Scott Kirby: We gave Atlantic was up 37 and domestic was up 17, I don’t off the top of my head remember what Latin is, Latin is small for us.
Scott Kirby: We aren’t really seeing much incremental yet with Continental joining Star, but we haven’t done much integration with Continental. We do have some benefits. We are sharing clubs and other things. But the bigger benefits co-chair and potential participation in JV are things that we hope are on the horizon but aren’t in place yet.
Scott Kirby: There is a desire to have a higher level of cash than we have today given the volatility of this industry given what we saw in both 2008 and 2009. I would add to Derek’s point one future debt that we are all going to have to deal with the near term is convertible which is [puttable] to us in September. So, those are best known and outstanding and is effectively actually today. So, we will deal with that one way or another.
Scott Kirby: Well, the point as I made on this call I think is, even in the temporary recovery as I have as a moderating influence on fuel prices, so I think more than likely does it become a problem because this revenue environment combined with this fuel environment needs to near record results. If it improves that’s upside.
Scott Kirby: We are doing a lot. We are involved in mediated negotiations with our pilots and continue to meet on a regular basis with pilots, and hopefully we will make progress. And so, from the company’s perspective that’s principally where we are involved and we are following what’s going on with the Addington case and the various appeals on the Addington case, but the company is committed to [unique] deal done and to the negotiation progress which was done in the media is ongoing. 
Scott Kirby: We are not in the JV and don’t have any announcement about being in the JV and I think its no secret that we would ultimately like to be in JV and Alliance and our preferences for that to be in Star which is the largest, the most integrated and having pretty clear and the best alliance in the world.
Scott Kirby: Yes, but since you are competing, those are markets where we could effectively compete with American BA. We would love to able to get to fly and fly to Charlotte and we could then create competitive benefits for customers. 
Scott Kirby: We are not. I mean our desire is to get one and be able to fly to one of our hubs, which we think will create significant competitive benefit, but it appears to us that at least currently that we are not going to be able to do that.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: Okay. That wouldn’t imply very much deceleration in September. I’m just kind of curious for your thought process on that. I know for sure that the year over two comps get quite a bit harder in September because of all the capacity reductions that developed in a way, and at least my perception was we had a lot of acceleration as you moved through both the August and September last year. So, I just wondered if you can flush out a little bit more about how that September is going to look.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: There can’t be too much variance if you got plus 16 in July and 15 for the quarter, so it must not be much in the way -- 
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: And then, the other thing I wanted to ask is just on the non-ticket revenue and I obviously understand that there has been a lot of build in that, but if you think sequentially and you look at it relative to passenger revenue, I would say that’s a cross in a number of carriers. It doesn’t look like it’s has been spooling the way you might have expected with the bags, these changing the way they have. Any thoughts on what’s going on there, is that just as we move more towards business mix or kind of moving away from the customer that tends to pay those fees or are we kind of budding up against on the elasticity there.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: I’m just looking at other revenue that hasn’t really built much more than normal between the first and second quarter now possibly…
Derek Kerr: Okay, the calculation is a fixed charge coverage ratio and unrestricted cash to revenues. Those are the two calculated numbers. We were at a 25% holdback, it will take us down to 15% holdback, I would add $50 million as a 10% reduction. So we probably have about another 150 holdback so the possibility of going down to Tier 1 would depend on that fixed charge coverage in unrestricted cash calculation. So if the environment continues to go over fix charge obviously we will continue to go up and cash will go up and we will be fine and try to take it down to Tier 1 over the next 12 months.
Derek Kerr: First question we think it will be taking about 12 months and we are hopefully that will be successful in that appeal and I can get the deal done. There are some restrictions in doing it in terms of leases, some in our debt agreement that limit the number of flights we can lease. So by-and-large we could do a lot of it as you mentioned by leasing, it’s a matter of well and deciding if we want to, Delta I think is taking the position now and reasonably that this is a long-term investment we are trying to make in New York and if they got do it in a series of short-term leases with no certainty about what’s going to happen in long-term, that’s not in investment if they want to make. So I doubt you will see us in Delta, it starts to do a lot of it through leasing transaction just because it requires both of us to make big investment and if you don’t have some certainty that you are going to have time for those investments to pay back we probably won’t be doing it.
Derek Kerr: We still to be clear would like to get the deal done. It’s the right long-term strategic position, we can create more benefits for us with DC slots and more for consumers because they have a bigger network there and the reverse is also true. Delta can do more with our slots in New York because they have a bigger presence in New York. But in the near term that benefit is financially less just because LaGuardia has recovered so much. LaGuardia rises up 36%, so the near term of financial benefits are less than it would be, it’s still the right long-term strategic move in the right allocation of assets so overtime hopefully we can find a way still if we get something like that done but probably northing in the near term.
Derek Kerr: All right at this point in time Glen we don’t plan on buying it back; we are going to build cash over time. We will be opportunistic in it, this morning we did pay down some debt that we raised in the liquidity initiatives we paid that early. So we are looking opportunistically doing some of that but as of right now its going to be building cash through earnings.
Doug Parker: Thanks, Jamie. I am not going to do that. I will assure you it won’t be us. Anyway, the short answer is, yeah, we surely are concerned. Anybody who has been following this business for the last number of years as you and I have can’t help to have that concern. For reasons that define logic, every now and then when people start to make money in this business they seem to think that it makes sense to go add more airplanes as if that will allow them to make even more money, the result is it because this all will loose money. And airlines also tend to do things they like to cost strategic fines, which is just fly loss making fine in times like this, and so that’s starting to go on right now. It is a concern. I am hopeful that rationality will prevail. We are encouraged by the fact that at least this time you hear not as many people or see as many people acting like that, encouraged by the fact that the five largest airlines are now run by, I guess probably four airlines we run now by what two ex-CFOs and two ex-lawyers, people who used to care more about returns than they care about flying men all around and being the world’s biggest airline. So that’s encouraging, but that doesn’t mean it’s not going to happen again. So, I don’t know, it’s not going to be us.
Doug Parker: Yes, we can’t talk about that, I would just note though, we did see the comment and the comment that was made is that only 40% of the bags are being charged for. That does not mean that is just the international bags, lead flyers are the biggest bags that are flying for free.
Doug Parker: I was wanting to point out, you see now that the comment, it’s not about charging, it’s not so much about charging for international. Most of the bags are flying for free air flown by frequent flyers. 
Doug Parker: Well, first off, the reality is that we have the more of our employees on joint contracts as Delta does. What you say is true about the pilots and flight attendants for us, Delta it has every other work group working on one set of our contracts and one not. So, we have done a nice job. We’ve had an issue with our pilots that has resulted in; there has really been a seniority integration dispute that’s been going on for a very longtime, it continues to this day. But that’s the only thing that has kept us from getting a joint contract, and that if you couldn’t have been resolved partner or merger, I assure you that if it was not resolved five years later, it wouldn’t have been resolved by partner or merger. So, we had a different situation. We have the situation with two sets of products that are very different in their seniority profile and they are having trouble between the two of them coming to a resolution of how to integrate. So now it’s gotten tied up in court. But that’s an issue. Now having said that, so I don’t view the way either of us went about it as peculiarly in different way. They were able to get something out of their products before hand, because they are in the same situation we did. What it’s meant for our airline is it makes it more difficult for management and because we spend a lot of our time, working with an airline does not fully integrated but is working with employees that are fully integrated and trying very hard to make that work, we do it. So, for our customers you see the operating results we’ve done because our pilots while they have disputes between the two groups are exceptionally professional and go find the airplanes doing exceptionally well. The dispute will resolved at some point, we get to a joint contract at some point it is not there yet. So, we like to have it done. We don’t need this as a big cost saving measure as Mike suggest and something that we are actually happy about. We’d like to have it done, we want to have it done four years it’s not done yet. We will get it done one day. But it’s a bigger situation then others have to deal with.
Doug Parker: Yeah. Bill, I think though I think from a cost perspective we still have some productivity, things that we are working on within the operations we’ve done a great job over the last year and a half, two years keeping the cost down I think there is still some opportunities from the productivity standpoint as revenue grows up those costs have increased in certain areas just due to revenue driven, so we’ve been able to offset that as we go forward. So I don’t see anything as we look forward into unless 2011 any big issues from a cost perspective that are going to drive our cost up next year and I do see a lot of opportunities from an operation standpoint to be even more efficient as we put new systems out in place at the airports and with the people that we have out there.  And we have a lot of those risk items that we haven’t quite and got to yet just as we did the merger and got ourselves out of bankruptcy back in five years ago. So we are still working on systems like that. And we still have the ability to produce some productivity benefits with our people.
Doug Parker: First on the hedges, I don’t think we certainly need to imply or said that we are changing philosophies regarded to hedges. So, anyway, the philosophy is, of course we haven’t entered into a hedge since August of 2008, and because we saw what happened back in 2008. So, we are not going into it all again. Our theory, our view on this apparently is different than others. But it’s at least strongly felt by us and remains strongly felt, it could change. But there right now hedging is not in the interest of our shareholders. We see written from time to time, two things, neither which I really want, we’ve done a really smart thing by not hedging, but again indeed that our earnings are better because we didn’t hedge, we shouldn’t take credit for that. I mean we didn’t know the fuel price; we certainly did not hedge because we thought fuel prices are going to fall. That is speculation that we don’t enter into either. So that’s point one, point two, though is another view that’s written that those who have hedged because they have even though they are paying more for their fuel now have more certainty in their earning and have protected themselves from disaster let’s say. That I think is option two, our view is the largest potential disaster, not saying it’s happened, but I think we need to be most concerned about. Is indeed a double debt, that results in revenues going down and results in oil prices going down just like we saw at the end of 2008, the first step. And in that scenario pretty good airlines that have entered into costless collars, what you will see is they will have to pay higher prices for their oil, they have to pay in advance and their revenues will go down. That’s the most likely disaster in our view, much more likely than what people seemed to assume will happen which is everything else stays equal and oil prices somehow go up, that clearly can happen somehow. But I would clearly as to whether in that scenario, there are other things going on that result in the airline ministry being in a different situation anyway. So anyway, that’s what we think. We believe right now there is a natural hedge in place, and it has certainly has been the case, at least for the last year and half and that natural hedge is the economy, and if the economy gets stronger, oil prices may go up but that’s okay because we are hedging our revenues. If it gets a lot weaker, those who’ve locked in fuel prices are going to have a scenario that’s going to be difficult to manage, and we don’t want to be in that position again. Like I said on equity, you’re right we did write equity back when it was $4 or $5, we also did it because we didn’t have much cash, and we did it not to delever, but to survive, that is not the situation anymore. As we noted, we have more cash today than we’ve in two years, our earnings are higher than they have been in three years. We feel very good about the prospects; we don’t see any need to out raising additional cash at this point. 
Doug Parker: Not expressly going, there is no specific target. Our desire is to have enough that we can feel extremely good about you might have in the future and that means both an absolute number that means a relative number to others and we’ve made a lot of progress against the others but still versus most of our competitors were at the lower end. So, we are going to keep building cash.
Doug Parker: As first compared to 2007 and 2008 business in leisure trend are almost identical and very little difference between that. So what happened was their dramatic difference versus last year only because business fell off much more than leisure did in 2009. And to your point about is there headroom I think the answer is yes. Just to us it seems like what has been a fairly week recovery to-date. We have revenue that’s still a couple of percent below the peak in 2008 in terms of RASM and if you are more below the 2008 peak in terms of total revenue production, I mean total revenue production is below you are aware every industry that is we are in 2007. All that is consisted with other data and indicative to me of a week recovery that has a recovery to strength or even becomes the model recovery has upside for airline revenues but by March we are now back to slightly below into our revenue where we were in 2007 and 2008 and the mix of business and leisure is now very similar to those years. 2009 really were the anomaly was. After your average ticket values, there is a number and I really tracked and expressively but these are a little much more at yield than the average ticket value but clearly with the greater mix in international flying and in longer states so I think that’s the result. I’m sure the average ticket value is going up and the yield is a good pattern of metric to look at.
Doug Parker: We need them. Even though we haven’t grown much, we don’t expect to grow much. There is natural attrition overtime and we haven’t added any project for flight attendants in sometime, so this is just natural attrition. I mean, again, just a little inside based on, we also have peaks and valleys in our business and we are complicated, but you know we made it through. We made it through a summer peak and we about head into a trough and we hit the next peak grounding more people because of attrition.
Doug Parker: It’s extremely hard to project on this because of the seniority issue. We do its [consent] with mediated negotiations that should help as well. But frankly, I mean those talks, what are going on in their productive. I think both parties realized that as long as this issue blooms, we can’t get anything done anyway, so they don’t go to same place they would have otherwise. 
Doug Parker: Where we’ve always been done which is we think consolidation make sense in the business, but it doesn’t have to happen for us. These results prove that. We have a standalone airline that is producing better margins than any of our peers. So we don’t have to do something, but we think it makes sense overtime. We think we are happy to see United and Continental progressing. We think that’s good for our industry. So, our interest in consolidation was always, what if you that if it happens in the industry, that’s great, if it happens and it includes us, well, that would only be better because we actually chose to participate. So we thought it was even better, but we never had to and we still don’t have to.
Doug Parker: There is not, Josh, its good question. We for the longest time, were tied up with their flights attendants because often times flight attendant contracts follow pilot contracts because their work roles are so tied together and we had some issues with on the old US Airways in particular, the flight attendants skate with the pilots throughout their trip and that wasn’t a case with the old America-wise. So we had to get through that, we have gotten through that which is great news. So now, there doesn’t appear to be scheduling issues that tie the flight attendants to the pilots. So, that allows us to break through and hopefully get something done soon or maybe get something going with the pilots. Still to be completed, but we have seen some nice progress in the last few months in our flight attendant negotiations and we are hopeful that we can get something done there.
Doug Parker: No, that’s status quo. We’ll take deliveries in the back half of 2011. We’re at 12 deliveries in the back half of 2011. To replace existing planes, but the schedule is still the same.
Doug Parker: I’d really. Doug we would like to see the perimeter rule lifted in its entirety and we think it’s our [cake rule] or all it makes no sense whatsoever. Having said that that appear to be cortically feasible. So for really three reasons, we’ve heard three reasons why the perimeter rule augment to keep perimeter rule in place. One is noise by people near in the airport, two is small communities insight the perimeter concern that, if you take a constrain resource and now you can fly to more place as you will take a new flight to large airports at the expense of small communities; and then point three of the Delta’s argument which is the extremely archaic piece of the argument which is Delta’s airport somehow needs to be propped up, and you are able to flatside the perimeter, then Delta’s will somehow be hampering that. That clearly makes no sense.
Doug Parker: So nonetheless that point makes no sense, Delta’s is on 25% bigger than DC now that rule was made in 1967. So was this next point three, point two we’ve addressed was legislation, registered and are boxed in an instant that says airlines would be able to fly outside that we would able to convert slots inside the perimeter to fly outside the perimeter, so long as they reduced flying to a major hub, a DOT defined term. So for example, US Airways would need to reduce a flight to Atlanta to add a flight to Los Angeles. So, no new noise, no reduction in service to smart communities. So we are only left with the Dallas argument which Doug says, speeches are best. So, that’s where we are…
Doug Parker: We definitely support it. We think it’s been compromised down frankly, Doug, to a level that it is a lot less than we would have liked which is often the case in these things, and things that require an active Congress usually get compromised and diluted down to a level this much as we like, but it’s a big step forward and we can get this done, we will keep fighting now for years to come.
Doug Parker: Ted, look, we had a similar question on this before, when someone asked where we thought this is going to arrive, we didn’t comment then so, I hate to keep you in no comments. I will say the following, our view is DOT is trying very hard to do what they think is best for the flying public. We just differ on what that is. They are not trying to do the wrong thing for certain. Their apparent view is that they can make a thing even better for consumers by having us, get something, the result was good enough for us and then even have some additional low cost flying in there. We don’t think that’s the case. Get additional flying, we just fly in the same markets we already fly to. And so we have a disagreement on that point as to what’s best and we know what’s best for US Airways. So, we just didn’t like all the waking up with this. There are bad people trying to do the wrong things, leaning close to it. They are good hard working people trying to do their jobs and do what’s best for the flying public. We just disagree with their solution and we obviously don’t have to accept it. So, we are not.
Doug Parker: Thank you all very much for your time and thanks again to our employees who did a fantastic job getting this airline back to profitability. More to come. Thanks.
