Gerard Arpey: Well, Mike, what we announced today was our intention to spin off Eagle. And the presumption there is that it would be a full spinoff of the company. And we'll file the Form-10 with the SEC in short order, and we have not foreclosed on the opportunity of a sale. were we to conclude that was in better interest of our AMR shareholders, but clearly headed down the tracks to a full spin.
Gerard Arpey: Dan, this is Gerard. Look, there's no secret to the fact that there is enormous revenue at risk here, and there are enormous stakes in the outcome of these discussions with the GDSs. And that's why, candidly, they have wound up in court because what we're trying to do is break some of these monopolistic practices. And whether or not we will be successful remains to be seen but there's no doubt there's a tremendous amount at stake.
Gerard Arpey: Hunter, I think, using the language, doesn't allow, is a bit strong. I do think it's fair to say that we don't have rates of pay for Airbus and narrowbody airplanes. But we certainly have the equivalent for 737s. And so I think that the fleet plan that we announced today should really be viewed as really the potential catalyst for a restructured pilot agreement that will allow American to be much more competitive than we are today. So I don't necessarily come at it the way that you did, but I would acknowledge that we don't necessarily have those rates of pay in the contract. But I have no doubt that by 2013 when we take delivery of the first Airbus that, that issue will be behind us and behind us in a satisfactory way.
Gerard Arpey: Hunter, I'll ask my colleagues to jump in here. But the terms under these deals are confidential. But we feel very, very good about the PDP structure and other sorts of things that tend to go with these deals. We feel very, very good about what we've structured with both companies in comparison to what we've had in the past and what we believe our competition has. So we actually look at it going forward in a very positive light relative to where we were before this morning's announcements.
Gerard Arpey: It's modest. It's net of the rebates and coverage we got from the suppliers, I would say on the order of less than $1 million an airplane.
Gerard Arpey: Well, one thing you've got to take into account here is that today, our domestic fleet, it's all Boeing, it's also all disparate. We have MD-80s, 737s, 757s, and 767-200s. So while we've been trying to simplify, and it's much simpler than it was, going to 2 families is a whole different thing so 2 families, the Boeing family 737s and the A320s, inside of that family we’ll have a common cockpit, common training, common engines, common parts, common maintenance. That's going to be -- that's going to be actually a pretty good layout for us.
Gerard Arpey: Well, Bill, I think, the way that I would think about it is -- I think I would think about it differently for active employees versus employees not yet on the payroll so I think clearly for what we affectionately refer to the unborn, we're talking about pension plans that mirror the market. And so across all of our labor groups, that's pretty much what we have on the table with organized labor. And when you look at benefits -- structural benefits, the biggest place where we're off market is actually not pensions. Because if you look at our defined benefit pension plans over the long run and you take their cost as a percentage of salary, you'll find that, that math leads to about 5%, 6% in terms of pension cost over time. And if you look at what the former bankrupt companies have put in place that terminated or froze their DB plans. Many of them are approaching -- matching DC kind of contributions that are headed in that direction. So we don't look at, from an ongoing standpoint, our active employee DB plans necessarily as the biggest structural disadvantage we have. I think the bigger structural disadvantage we have is that our active employees do not contribute nearly as much to their medical plans, their medical contributions, as the other airlines. And certainly, our retirees are still being paid retiree medical benefits. And for all of the bankrupt companies, they pretty much wiped that out in its entirety so order of magnitude, that's $200 million, $250 million a year that we're still paying versus the other guys that's virtually nothing. So for active employees, we are talking to them, not about wiping out their retiree medical benefit but having a contribution for that benefit that more looks like what they have seen in their active career. And then of course for people who don't work here yet, we would change that in its entirety. So I hope that gives us some flavor for how we're thinking about that.
Gerard Arpey: Gary, I think contingent is not necessarily the right word because we've committed to the airplanes. But I think, there's a real opportunity here for our labor groups since our interests are aligned to work together to make the most of this transformational opportunity that's in front of us. So I think it's a great opportunity for our pilots at TWU and our flight attendants to recognize the opportunity that's in front of them, and hopefully we can capitalize on it.
Gerard Arpey: I don't know of any labor obstacle that exists, Gary. Although if there is one, maybe it has not manifested itself yet. But as we have thought it through, and we've clearly been transparent with all of the unions at American and at American Eagle. And as we sit here now, I don't see any obstacles.
Gerard Arpey: Yes. That's accurate. Although I want to be sure when you see what comes out that you look back on this question and we've answered it clearly, I think there is going to be the opportunity for labor at Eagle perhaps to do some things that might make the deal better for American Eagle. But irrespective of whether or not they take that opportunity, we're going down this path, if that helps.
Isabella Goren: Mike, I'll take that one. And in addition, to kind of as you point out, we did have some weather impacts. We also kind of referred to the fact that our capacity was lower than we had originally planned so that put a little bit more pressure on our cost. And in general, I would say we are taking action both in the short term, and as today's announcements point out, we're at a disadvantage with respect to our fleet fuel efficiency, and so those impact -- impacted us to a considerable extent. So the GDS issue, I would say, is not what we're referring to as far as the drivers.
Isabella Goren: So Dan, I would kind of just refer to maybe a 5-year history on the capacity changes and the fact that if we look back to 2006, our capacity is down almost double the other major legacy network carriers. And I think the way we look at our network, where we stand today, that is not what is going to yield us a better result and so I think that on a year-over-year basis, it's sort of one look. But if you look at a 5-, 6-year trend, we stack up pretty well versus the industry and shown considerable capacity discipline.
Isabella Goren: Dan, I guess, I'll get started on that answer. And at this point, we are fully available in the GDSs, and so I think it probably would not be productive to speculate about various outcomes. We do feel that we have a strong position and certainly pursuing all of our options through legal channels and intend to do so and believe that our position is pretty strong. So without speculating further, I would just say that our intent is to manage our content and to do so wisely.
Isabella Goren: Jamie, it's Bella. We will be filing the SEC document within the next month, and it will provide more information on the actual transaction. All that we have announced today is the intent to take that next step and proceed with the spinoff but have not disclosed any specifics at this point.
Isabella Goren: Well, Jamie, obviously, it is a huge priority for us. We've outlined some things that were specific to this quarter and also kind of shared with you what our plans are for the remainder of the year. And what I can tell you is that our entire team is working very hard to keep closing that gap and improve our results both in the immediate timeframe, as well as in the long term.
Isabella Goren: So Helane, at this point, I think what we can share with you is that the financing and the structure of the deals in the $13 billion in financing, as we look at our capital plan over the next few years, it looks better than what we had anticipated before, significantly better. And so this year, as we pointed out, it will be the same even with these deals. And going forward, it is better than what we had anticipated. So overall, it's a very positive deal for us.
Isabella Goren: Glenn, your question on the revenue side is obviously a really important one. And what I can share with you is that we’re continuing to maximize our joint business agreement value. And as we've said all along, there is going to be a ramp-up period and some growing pains as we synchronize our deals, and also as we are able to convert our corporate accounts to the joint deals so that's part of the answer. Another aspect to it is we think we, I think, have stated it publicly is that over the Atlantic, there's been too much capacity. And so we are pleased to see that, that is changing. And we think it will be a stronger marketplace going forward.
Isabella Goren: I guess, we'll have to see where everyone else comes in, but what we're seeing for the remainder of the summer is better than our June trends.
Isabella Goren: Okay. So it includes -- it does not include Haneda, but as we -- so some of the other adjustments is how we're going to achieve the prior capacity cuts that were announced that have been shared previously. The additional one is Haneda, and in the fourth quarter, it's about 0.5 point reduction in our fourth quarter capacity, incremental to what we have previously provided.
Isabella Goren: I am not sure, Gary, that I can -- that I have it in front of me to provide that. But I would certainly say that June was a bit disappointing for us versus May, for example.
Isabella Goren: Yes, Kevin. If you just give me one moment, I am going to go back to my notes so we can do that accurately. Okay so for the year, our CapEx is about $1.7 billion, of which about $300 million is non-aircraft related. That's for 2011.
Isabella Goren: Absolutely, yes. Throughout the remainder of the year, we do have aircraft that becomes unencumbered.
Isabella Goren: Kevin, that's a fair question. And now that I understand kind of what you were looking at a little more closely, I guess, I'll point out to the fact that as we structured these agreements, we were very mindful of what our prospects are for capital spending. And we're very thoughtful in doing the finance, and the deals that we struck today make our plan -- prior plans look better.
Isabella Goren: I think we typically provide in the fourth quarter -- or in the third quarter. So in a few months, we'll be able to share more with you about capital spending for next year.
Thomas Horton: Dan, this is Tom. I would just add to that. You alluded to us growing or getting stronger in some of the top markets. Well, that is in fact our strategy. And so the flip side of that is that you would see us maybe pulling down some of the markets who we view as less strategic, that's sort of the essence of the cornerstone strategy. So that's what we're doing and that shouldn't come as a great surprise to anybody, and we think it’s the right strategy for the long term. It is a big change in our network, and that's what we've been doing over the past couple of years. At the same time, we're -- in addition to making the adjustments that Bella referred to, we are making some adjustments in terms of the way we just scheduled the airline, which I think are going to be quite positive and that is in terms of reducing capacity on days of weaker demand and yield. So in the fall, mainline American will cancel 3 -- about 270 departures targeted at weaker travel days, and that will be sort of pull downs on Tuesdays and Wednesdays and Saturdays. And I think that's going to allow us to improve our unit revenue performance and improve our profit margins as well. So I think there are smart things to do for the long term, but think of those as day of week reductions as opposed to pulling back from markets that are important to us.
Thomas Horton: And I might just add for folks who maybe weren't with us this morning that the deal -- the fleet deals we've announced today include $13 billion of operating lease financing, which really covers all of the current generation deliveries, 230 airplanes, which run out to 2017 so essentially all of our fleet replacement and growth to the extent that we choose to do that is covered by the financing of these deals, 100%.
Thomas Horton: Helane, this is Tom. As Gerard mentioned earlier, we really can't comment too much on the nature of the agreements with the manufacturers, other than to say there are incremental training costs associated with introducing a new fleet type, and I alluded to that a minute ago. But it is baked into the economics that we shared with you all this morning, which are overwhelmingly positive for replacing present airplanes with these new generation airplanes. So it's a big win for us, and we obviously drove as a hard bargain as we could with the manufacturers so you can bet that we took that into account.
