Gerard Arpey: Thank you Chris, good afternoon everyone. As you have seen in our press release excluding special items we had a net loss of $452 million for the first quarter which compares to a net loss of $362 million a year ago. It was obviously a disappointing result as higher fuel prices largely outpaced the progress we made in generating nearly $230 million of additional revenue.  In spite of the short-term challenges we faced in the first quarter which Tom will walk you through in a few moments, we did make some important long-term progress on a number of fronts. On our last earnings call we shared our framework for the next decade which we call internally Flight Plan 2020 and it is intended to set the foundation of making this decade one of success and not just of survival. Its five tenets are; Invest wisely, earn customer loyalty, strengthen and defend our global network, be a good place for good people and fly profitably. These are the principles that will guide our company over the coming years.  The revenue generating power of our network is critical to our future and in the first three months of this year we were able to strengthen our global network as JAL reaffirmed its commitment to American and oneworld and together we are moving forward with our application for antitrust immunity. At the same time, we think government regulators on both sides of the ocean are poised to finally approve our joint business agreement with British Airways and Iberia.  Also we announced plans to significantly strengthen our presence in New York through a number of steps including an innovative partnership with JetBlue. In addition, this month we have started implementing our cornerstone strategy bolstering our flying in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, and Dallas/Fort Worth, the four largest business markets in the United States and in Miami, the hub of the Americas. We believe these network initiatives build the revenue generating power of the best network in the airline industry and position us well for the future all without jeopardizing our long track record of capacity discipline.  As Tom will discuss while there are signs of a recovery in demand the last thing we can afford to do is get ahead of ourselves with supply and our capacity plans for this year remain modest. Our 1% mainline capacity increase in 2010 is driven by the launch of service to Beijing, China and the reinstatement of flying cancelled during last year due to the H1N1 virus. While we are keeping a lid on capacity at the same time our fleet renewal program is picking up speed. We are taking delivery of a lot of 737-800’s which are a lot more fuel efficient than the MD-80’s they are replacing. We are also adding more CRJ-700’s with first class seats and installing first class on our existing CRJs.  We ended the first quarter with a strong cash balance of just over $5 billion. That is $1.7 billion more than our total cash balance at this time last year and that increase reflects both the financing transactions we executed last year to bolster our liquidity as well as an improving revenue environment this year. Even though we are seeing some positive signs we along with the entire industry continue to face a host of uncertainties regarding the broader economy and fuel prices but macro uncertainty is certainly nothing new and we remain committed to working hard to return our company to profitability.  Today’s results certainly indicate we have a lot of work to do but in terms of our long-term future it was an important quarter with a lot of progress on several fronts. With that said I will turn things over to Tom. 
Gerard Arpey: I was asked that question in Los Angeles a couple of weeks ago at a oneworld meeting we had and I guess I would express the same view as I did then which is I think we have a strong network today. I am confident in our corner post strategy because I think our footprint is in the most important business markets in the United States already and so we are not necessarily threatened by talk of consolidation in the industry.  In fact, I think Tom and I have both commented publically about the fact that consolidation could be good for the industry. But having said that, that is not to say we are not focused on strengthening those corner posts. If you look at this quarter’s announcements and what we are doing in New York and what we are doing with our oneworld partnership around the world I think we have to be mindful of how our network evolves. Not just here in the U.S. but around the world. Obviously we have had a lot of focus outside of the United States in recent months and I think that will continue to be the case. 
Gerard Arpey: I don’t think so. I think it is more a matter that if you look at our Pacific presence it is more heavily weighted to Japan as opposed to other Asia. If you dissect the results for the quarter what you will see is other Asia was a bit stronger than Japan in general. I think it is more of an entity mix question for us. 
Gerard Arpey: I think that the pressure that all of the airlines are facing profitability pressure no secret to you or anybody that by the fact we are the one network carrier that did not file for bankruptcy we have a pretty significant labor cost disadvantage versus all of our network peers which tends to obviously depress our operating margin relative to those companies.  As I have said for quite some time I don’t think that is long-term, sustainable competitive advantage for those airlines and I would expect now that all of the contracts are amendable virtually across the industry there is going to be a lot of convergence in the cost structures across the network carriers. In fact, there are something like 19 major contracts either being negotiated or mediated across the industry. So I think the gap you are describing on the cost side is going to be mitigated and there is going to be convergence.  On the revenue side as Tom has indicted we are outperforming our network competitors. We feel good about the footprint of our network. We feel good about our relative revenue performance and of course we feel good about the partners we have chosen around the world. I would acknowledge we do have a cost challenge relative to the industry that is both rate, productivity, legacy, pensions and medical benefits but I don’t think that creates long-term competitive advantage for all of those bankrupt companies. I think over time that will not be a sustainable competitive advantage for them. Maybe they will prove me wrong or you will prove me wrong. 
Gerard Arpey: I think of course we are in mediated discussions with all three of our organized groups today as are a number of other carriers. I think the dialogue we are having with organized labor is one in which we are suggesting that it is very important as we try to negotiate new agreements we balance the competitiveness of the company and our employees’ long-term job security against everybody’s desire for us to do better in the short-term.  The fact that we start from a position of having the highest labor costs in the industry means that we have to be mindful of where we are going to end up once all of these contracts are settled. So our objective is to protect all of our employees’ long-term interest and job security by making sure we don’t end up pricing ourselves out of the market. My expectation is that through the process of all of these contracts that are going through mediation and eventual settlement is that gap that today ranges anywhere from $300-400 million a year all the way up to $1 billion a year in comparison if you take some of the bankrupt companies and put their contracts on American that gap is going to close.  I don’t expect that to happen this summer but I do think it will happen in the course of all of the contracts being renegotiated. 
Gerard Arpey: I think it does come back to not consolidation for consolidation sake. It is the issue in the industry of too many hubs and too many airplanes and what that does to pricing particularly one-stop pricing in this industry. Whatever vehicle would lead to a more rational balance between supply and demand would be effective in getting prices to the point where you are covering your costs. That can take many forms. 
Gerard Arpey: I think just to confirm really what you said which is yes more meetings have been scheduled by the NMB with the work groups that you mentioned. 
Gerard Arpey: I have to come back to what I said earlier which is the challenge is balancing the position we are in today which we have already commented on in terms of the labor costs versus the industry and ensuring the company is competitive for the long-term because that is the only way we will be able to secure jobs in this company. That is why the contract negotiations are taking a long time. We are trying to balance the company and our employees’ long-term interests against short-term desires. At the same time, as Tom indicated, see where the bankrupt companies land in terms of their new contracts as they settle those. I can’t give you a specific timeframe. 
Gerard Arpey: I think that is a legitimate question. What I think everybody in the industry is trying to ascertain is what is the new level of demand. Obviously we have just come off of an extraordinary downturn in the economy which has produced extraordinary losses in the airline industry around this country and around the world. But now we are seeing a pretty significant inflection point in terms of demand, corporate demand and even pricing which is a byproduct of the very significant capacity cuts we have made in the last 18 months. In fact, if you look at the network carriers’ capacity is down about 12% from the first quarter of 2008. So that is a pretty big reduction in capacity.  I think your question is that enough. That remains to be seen. I think it would be premature for us to make another big cut in capacity until we see how the economy begins to settle out. We are seeing obviously some pretty big improvements in unit revenues and we need more. 
Gerard Arpey: I guess I would just say we have done it. The industry has done it. The question is, is it enough. We are just going to have to wait and see. 
Gerard Arpey: We would be driven, we continue to be thinking about that from a replacement standpoint. I think back to the earlier line of questioning given the returns the industry has had over the past decade of course growth is not going to be helpful. That is not the way we would be thinking about it. We would be more oriented towards trying to drive ourselves to some sensible level of profitability. 
Gerard Arpey: We are constrained as to what we can do with RJ’s by the scope clause of our pilot’s contract. So this year we are adding some CRJ-700’s which bring us up to the limitation on what we can do under the scope laws. So we are doing as much as we can. You are quite right. It is less than most of our competitors in the industry and there is an earnings impact associated with that. 
Gerard Arpey: I don’t have anything at my fingertips. Let us think about that and we can give you a little bit more guidance on that on a future call. 
Tom Horton: I would just add one point to that. That is we have also been a little bit disadvantaged in recent years on the alliance front because we haven’t had antitrust immunity with our Atlantic partner and now we are in a position where we are going to have antitrust immunity and a joint business agreement with two big trans-Atlantic partners and now a Pacific partner. We view that as a big step forward on the revenue side where we already have unit revenue premium to the industry and we think we can make it that much better. So that in addition to the labor cost convergence Gerard talked to a minute ago I think those two things together are quite significant from a margin perspective over the next couple of years. 
Tom Horton: It is premature to say because we will need to be able to sit down with our partner and talk about how we structure the flying and how we coordinate our sales activities and those things we cannot do until we have antitrust immunity. If you look at what some of the other airlines have offered up as disclosure to the benefit of their trans-Atlantic deals it is measured in the multiple hundreds of millions. 
Tom Horton: Latin America had been stronger in the prior year period than had the Atlantic and the Pacific. As you look at the year-over-year our unit revenues were up 6% in Latin and almost 7% in the Atlantic. Part of the reason is you just have a stronger base year. As we look forward into the second quarter we have seen an improving fuel surcharge and fare environment in Latin America and particularly strong premium demand in Argentina and Brazil. Looking into the second quarter we would expect much stronger sort of double digit RASM growth that would be more consistent with what we have been seeing in the Atlantic. 
Tom Horton: Quite to the contrary we think the things we are doing are going to improve our relative performance. Everything from replacing the fuel inefficient airplanes with much more fuel efficient airplanes which have immediate margin impact to the network efforts we are making with respect to the cornerstone strategy which we also expect to be unit revenue positive. We announced that last year but we have only been implementing the scheduled changes just starting this month. We are right at the beginning of that curve as well. All of those things we expect to be accretive, not dilutive. 
Tom Horton: In fact it is already happening. If you look at the contracts signed at Delta in Alaska and Hawaii those are rate increases that bring some of the pilot contracts in line with ours. Of course they have more flexible contracts which will lead to better efficiency and that is something we are going to have to address as we work through our new contracts. But convergence is no longer a theory. We are already seeing it play out around the industry. That would benefit us from a relative standpoint. 
Tom Horton: I will let Gerard chime in but I certainly think that the industry does need a more rational structure and that can happen in many different forms. Consolidation has proven to be a way to achieve a more rational return profile in a lot of industries including telecom where I spent a little bit of time. I think that is absolutely true. But as Gerard said I think we feel very confident about our network position irrespective of what happens around us. I think consolidation can only be good for the industry and only be good for us whether we participate in it or not. 
Tom Horton: We are doing a little bit of each of course. We have arranged a lot of financing for our new airplanes this year to the point where they are all fully financed at this point. Some of that debt is just being repaid out of cash as well. 
Tom Horton: Net debt at year-end will be a product of earnings. We don’t give forward guidance on earnings so I am not really prepared to comment on that. We produce $1.2 billion of depreciation a year so you can do some quick math based off of your own thoughts about earnings. 
Tom Horton: No, we haven’t given a specific number on that and we wouldn’t yet. As I think I mentioned earlier we have only eight firm 737’s on order for next year. We may choose to increase that but at this point that is what we have as firm aircraft orders for next year. Ground CapEx you can kind of see how it has gone over the last couple of years and assume roughly in that zone. 
Tom Horton: If I understand your question correctly it is regarding our RASM performance. I would just make a couple of key points there. The first is, over 7 quarters our year-over-year RASM performance as outperformed the industry. That I think is worth noting. Our mainline absolute RASM continues to be better than all of the legacy carriers and as I mentioned in this most recent quarter there has been a little bit of a favorable entity mix for some of our competitors; more trans-Atlantic than us, less Latin.  I think looking forward I would expect our unit revenue performance to continue to look quite good and as I mentioned in response to an earlier question I think the cornerstone strategy as well as the implementation of the joint business agreements should be even more net positive. 
Tom Horton: I am not sure what gap you are referring to because we have a premium today and we have been outperforming…
Tom Horton: On a margin basis that is our plan to by virtue of both the revenue initiatives we talked about, the cornerstone strategy and joint business agreements and some labor convergence we would expect the margin gap over time to narrow significantly. 
Tom Horton: All of our airplanes on firm order now are financed. Outside of the backstops, the backstop remains in effect. Of course as we look to take additional airplanes as part of our fleet replacement plan we will be looking to line up further permanent financing but we still have the backstop as dry powder. 
