William Parker: Thanks, Dan. And thank you, all, for being on. We are excited in American Airlines to report record results. For our third quarter, $1.2 billion, excluding special items, up 59% over the same quarter last year. It's now been -- since we merged US Airways and American last December, it's now been 3 quarters that we've reported, and each has been a record. We expect the fourth quarter of this year will also be the best in the history of American, and therefore, obviously expect full year 2014 will be our best year ever. All this is due to great work of the over 100,000 members of the American team. They're doing a wonderful job taking care of our customers and integrating our airlines. And importantly, they're coming together as one team to realize our collective goal of building the best airline in the world. On the integration front, we've made great progress so far, and Scott will give you an update. But we still have much to do on bigger items like single operating certificate, and reservations migration will occur in 2015. But the great work by our team thus far gives us confidence that we're on the right track. So in summary, we're excited about these results and even more excited about the future. Thanks to our excellent and hard-working teams, American is well positioned for success in 2015 and beyond. I'll turn it over to Derek and then Scott, and then we'll get to questions. 
William Parker: Thanks, Derek. Thanks, Scott. One thing before questions, I just want to make a comment about a friend who's been on these calls with us for a very long time. I've been doing these calls -- these quarterly calls with airline investors since I was CFO of America West in '95, and so it's almost 20 years or almost 80 calls. And I think Ray Neidl was on every one of them. And today, it's not the case. Because we lost Ray this quarter. That's not necessarily bad, as I'm sure Ray is in a better place. But I do want to take a second and remember him. Before he was a sell-side analyst, he worked here at American. He loved the business, and he cared a lot about those of us that worked in it. And mostly, he was just a really good guy. So here's to Ray, a really good example to all of us. We'll miss him, and we were really glad to know him. So with that said, we are ready for questions, operator. 
William Parker: Yes, and that's certainly the goal, Hunter. I mean, we've said out of the box that if we're going to be -- if we're the largest airline in the world, we should be the most profitable, that doesn't mean just -- that also means profit margins, not just absolute profit. 
William Parker: Well, one, if that's true, it's irrelevant because we have the contracts, and we need to meet them. I don't think it's true, however. We haven't -- I haven't bothered to go back and look at the economics because, as I say, the airplanes are coming, and I'm happy they're coming. But my guess is -- I mean, look, the airplanes that are leaving this fleet are very fuel inefficient, one. So I think the -- again, we can maybe go through this for you, Jamie, if it would make you feel any better. But -- so I think the economics will still bear out, but it's the right economic decision on a pure operating cost basis. But on top of that, those airplanes are not customer friendly, and the airplanes that are coming in are customer friendly. And it makes a dramatic difference in our product, and we're happy that they're coming in. We think it's a good use of our capital and we think it's positive NPV, good for our investors. 
William Parker: Oh man, we're working on integrating this one. But look, as posed, I'm happy to just speculate into what may lie years ahead. I do believe the U.S. industry is largely mature, and it's settling into a highly competitive but more mature structure, where I don't see a tremendous amount of consolidation in the U.S., if any. Abroad, I think there's all sorts of possibilities. And certainly, if indeed foreign ownership laws change over time, I think there's all sorts of possibilities to do the kind of things that have been done in the United States and create more utility for people. But that's -- again, I want to be careful to caveat all that in the way the question was asked, which is years ahead. And we're not working on anything like that. And I don't know that anyone else is. But it's -- certainly what we've seen happen here proves, that customers value airlines that can take them all over the globe. And there are certain -- just due to foreign ownership laws, there are parts of the globe that no airline -- that none of us can take each other. We get around it through alliances, but it's not as efficient as having one airline who can do all those things. 
William Parker: Well, the contract we had -- the tentative agreement that our flight attendants are voting on has in it higher rates of pay than our other large -- the other large airlines, Delta, United, we compete against, which we are very proud to have on the table. It doesn't have profit sharing. But again, we think that's a better way to efficiently pay our people who are out there doing a fantastic job is to give them higher rates of pay and not have them have variable compensation. That will come up in each of our contracts, I'm sure. So we'll see. But it's certainly what we think; it's a much better way to compensate people than to go back to essentially what was the concessionary way of having contracts for employees that was "We can't afford to pay you what we'd like to pay. So if we happen to make profits, we'll pay you more." We're in a position now where we believe the right way -- that we can do better than that and that we can give our team higher rates of pay and not leave them wondering whether or not they're going to receive that pay based on the company's profits or not. 
William Parker: Well, Helane, we still have the program we've announced in place. And to expand that would simply require going and asking our board for the approval to do that, but we would announce that if indeed that happened. We need to get to this first one first, though. 
William Parker: But to be clear, I mean, it's not -- adding Miami-Frankfurt doesn't preclude us from doing something in Charlotte. 
William Parker: Well, we manage our capacity independent of what the others do and do what's right for American Airlines. And this is, by the way, is only -- the numbers I've told you today are the same numbers that we announced the last time we talked about this, although we may not have had specifics at the time. But we haven't done 2 cuts at it. But it's one cut, and we did what we thought was right across the Atlantic and Latin America. I think if you look at the results that we're going to put out this winter compared to other airlines, it's going to turn out to have been a good decision for us. We haven't seen much capacity cuts from other carriers. In Latin America, the Pacific and the Atlantic, close to 10% capacity growth across the winter, and demand is just not growing 10%. And so results for most airlines are going to continue to be pressured to what -- compared what they otherwise would be, just because supply is growing in excess of demand. But we're comfortable with what we've done and doing the right thing for American Airlines. 
William Parker: Yes. I'm going to turn it over to Bev Goulet, our Chief Integration Officer, to give you the -- what our timelines are, and then we'll come back on what might change it. But we don't... 
William Parker: And Dawn, as to what might cause that to push, if we feel we're not ready. The last thing we want to do is push forward just because we've -- and not do it right. We're being very careful to make sure we're doing everything we can to make sure we do it as well as possible. So if we're not ready, we won't go. But we think that's -- the dates Bev just gave you are when we believe we will be ready. 
William Parker: Yes. We don't know. I mean, you have to ask, I guess, the Suns that. So we don't know where they are. Dawn, we're happy to if that's where it ends up. The situation there, of course, is just one where American Airlines already has 2 arenas, and that one was expiring so it was the easiest one to let go. And we're working really -- it's a great relationship that we've had for a long time with the organization. So we wanted to give them all the time they could to go find someone else. It's a great asset. My guess is they will find someone and they won't have any trouble whatsoever doing so. And -- but as to whether we end up paying the remaining term or not is -- it's up to whether or not they've decide they want to put someone else's name on there sooner than that. 
William Parker: Well, it's going great in Miami so far. You may not have been on, but in my prepared remarks I talked about Miami. And the team in Miami has done -- has set a very high bar for our teams in Dallas and Chicago to get over, and I think that they'll succeed. But our operating results have actually improved on both a year-over-year basis and a sequential basis, so from before to after putting the re-banking in. We do have to hire more people to accommodate it. But we generate higher revenues as a result of that, and I'm really proud of the job that the team has done in Miami. Already, the teams in Dallas and Chicago are working hard on it, and I'm confident that they're going to do equally well when their turn at the plate comes in March. 
William Parker: Thank you all very much for your time. We really appreciate it. If you have any further questions, just reach out and let us know. Thanks a lot. Bye. 
Derek Kerr: Thanks, Doug, and good afternoon, everyone. In our earnings release and the 10-Q filed earlier today, you will find information pertaining to our third quarter results. And as I've talked about in the last few quarters, please note that the GAAP results for our 2014 third quarter compare our post-merger performance to that of legacy AMR on a stand-alone basis, which makes the year-over-year comparisons not meaningful. Accordingly, for the third quarter of 2013, we have provided our financial results on a non-GAAP combined basis, which is the sum of American Airlines and US Airways. We believe this is the best way to review our quarterly financial results. Unless otherwise noted, all my comments will be based on the comparisons to the 2013 non-GAAP combined results. For the third quarter 2014, the company recorded a record GAAP net profit of $942 million. This compares to a non-GAAP combined third quarter 2013 net profit of $505 million. Excluding net special charges, as Doug said, we reported a record net profit of $1.2 billion in the third quarter of 2014, representing a 59% improvement over our combined non-GAAP net profit of $771 million, excluding special charges, for the same period in 2013. With 735.2 million diluted shares outstanding, we reported earnings excluding special charges of $1.60 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2014. Our pretax margin, excluding net special charges, for the 2014 third quarter improved by 260 basis points year-over-year to 11%. Total capacity for the third quarter of 2014 was 69.1 billion ASMs, up 2% for the same period in 2013. Mainline capacity for the quarter was 61.9 billion ASMs, up 2.1%. Regional capacity for the third quarter was up 1% to 7.3 billion ASMs. In the third quarter, we did take delivery of 22 mainline aircraft and we retired 28 older aircraft, a combination of older 737s, 75s, 76s and MD-80s as we continue our fleet renewal program. In the fourth quarter of 2014, we plan to take delivery of 22 new mainline aircraft, while retiring an additional 14 aircraft. On the regional side, we retired 12 aircraft, all older ERJ-140s and took delivery of 16 aircraft, larger RJ -- CRJ-900 and Embraer 175s. For the remainder of 2014, the company expects to take delivery of 10 CRJ-900 aircraft as well as 6 Embraer 175 aircraft, which -- and we also expect to retire another 8 Embraer 140 aircraft. So continuing our upgauge from 50-seat regional jets to larger 76-seat regional jets. Third quarter total operating revenues were a record of $11.1 billion in 2014, up 4.4% for the same period last year on a 2% increase in system capacity. Passenger revenues for the third quarter of 2014 were $9.8 billion, up 3% year-over-year, with yields up 2.6%. Cargo revenues were up 7% in the third quarter of 2014 to $215 million due primarily to higher freight revenues. And as an aside -- as a side note, on Monday, we announced a significant integration milestone, as US Airways and American Airlines have officially combined operations under a single cargo airway bill. Other operating revenues were $1.2 billion, up 18%, primarily due to higher frequent flyer revenue driven by our affinity card deal with Citibank announced in late 2013. Versus third quarter of 2013, total passenger RASM was up 1% to a record $0.1412. Total RASM in the third quarter of 2014 was also a record for the third quarter at $0.1612, up 2.4% versus 2013, and Scott will go into more detail in his commentary. The airline's operating expenses, excluding special items, for the third quarter of 2014 were up $9.7 billion -- were $9.7 billion, up 1.6%. Mainline operating cost per ASM, excluding special items, was $0.1292, down 0.8% year-over-year, driven by a 2.1% increase in mainline ASMs. Salaries and benefit costs were up 4.8%, due primarily to the impact of merger-related labor contract cost increases. And our average mainline fuel price, including taxes for the third quarter, was $2.97 versus $3.03 in 2013. Excluding special items and fuel, our mainline cost per ASM was $0.0835, up 0.7% when compared to 2013. Regional operating cost per ASM, excluding special items and fuel, was $0.1552, which was 3.7% higher than 2013, primarily due to contractual rate increases under certain capacity purchase agreement. Excluding special items and fuel, our consolidated CASM was up 1.1% in the third quarter. We ended the quarter with $8.8 billion in total cash and investments, of which $875 million was restricted. The company also had an undrawn revolving credit facility of $1 billion. As of September 30, $725 million of our unrestricted cash balance was held in Venezuelan bolivars, valued at the weighted average applicable exchange rate of VEF 6.41 to the dollar. 
Derek Kerr: No, Julie. This is Derek. There is -- it is not included at all. There's no -- neither the flight attendant or the pilot increase would be included in that number. And once they get ratified, we will adjust the numbers to reflect the 2 -- the contracts if they get ratified. 
Derek Kerr: Oh, yes, okay. 2% to 3% was the total system. Domestic is -- they're both -- let's see here, domestic is about 1% to 2%. International, 1% to 2%. Regional -- so domestic is about -- is 2% to 3% and regional -- and international is about -- sorry, I'm just pulling it up -- 2% to 3%. So they're both about in the same category. So I would say international, up 2% to 3%; domestic, 2% to 3%; system, 2% to 3%... 
J. Kirby: Well, the networks are complementary, and so they really are stronger together than they were apart. A difference is at American -- American had much more capacity and competitive markets, in places like New York, Chicago and Los Angeles. And so for me, it's also been educational to learn how important product considerations are in some of those markets, and that's why you see -- saw American historically and see American today continuing to invest so much in our product in some markets like that, things like the A321 Transcon that has been quite successful for us. But there's really probably more similarities. I think that the best thing that happened really in the merger is -- one of the best things that happened is the ability to put 2 teams together and truly learn from the best of both. And one of the things that I think we have going for us is a culture throughout the airline but including here at headquarters, where people are genuine about trying to be part of one team. We're all part of the new American Airlines, and people have learned from each other. And there's just tons of examples in the commercial area and the operating areas, where we've taken a practice that was at American Airlines and applied it to US Airways or vice versa, and our results are improving. It's not always a straight line. Sometimes, when you make some of those changes, you take a little bit of a step back, but then you can catch up. But it's been just a fantastic environment, and it's nice to be part of a company where you've got, for the most part, 100,000 people working together, and you're seeing it in our results. And I think you'll see -- continue to see us accelerating as we move through 2015. 
J. Kirby: Well, we've got some good competition in that group, and quite a few of them are doing a really good job right now. But yes, I think we're going to lead the industry. We have a lot of work left to do -- to do it and to prove it, and we've got some big test next year, as Doug alluded to it, single operating certificate and getting to a single reservation system. But my personal view is that we're going to be successful and that we are going to have industry-leading margins before too much longer. 
J. Kirby: I don't think I at least have a terribly strong view on this. The exposure is much, much smaller on currency. For one thing, we have expenses in almost all the currencies that we have exposure to, though our revenue exposure generally exceeds our expense exposure. And the volatility of currencies is just not nearly the same as it is in oil and fuel. So -- but it's also cheaper to hedge. I mean, it's a lot less expensive, you can -- in a much more straightforward way -- hedge without having the same kind of friction cost. So I don't know that we've spent a lot of time thinking about it. It's probably not a big idea for us either up or down, and so we just haven't spent a lot of time debating the issue internally. 
J. Kirby: Yes. No, there are no more minimum fleet restrictions. And no, no there have been no discussions about putting that in. 
J. Kirby: Okay. Well, just to be clear, I gave PRASM guidance both x Venezuela and then including Venezuela. So it's 2 to 4 at a system level x Venezuela, flat to up 2 including Venezuela impact. And for the first quarter of next year, I think we think the number is about 0.4 points, and it's about 0.3 points next year second quarter, so much smaller impact compared to where we are today. 
J. Kirby: We don't plan to grow capacity because fuel price has declined, and we've been in this industry long enough to know that, that can turn in a hurry. And so going and buying 20-year life assets based on today's fuel price is probably not the best decision to make. So we don't plan to do anything about increasing capacity just because fuel prices declined in the near term. I think that will always go to the bottom line. And in the longer term, who knows where fuel is? But in the near term, it will just go straight to the bottom line. 
J. Kirby: It was more than that. It was more like 6x to 8x system capacity. But in the third quarter, Venezuela RASM was down 37% on an 81% reduction in capacity. And we're estimating in the fourth quarter, it will be down 49% on an 82% reduction in capacity. 
J. Kirby: Our capacity there is dependent on how much demand is really available, and so we'll adjust the capacity over time as demand adjusts. But in last year, 91% of our sales were in Venezuelan bolivars, and so we've been pleased with the shift to U.S. dollars. But when you think about that, we've had an 82% reduction in capacity and a 50% reduction in demand. So basically, we've accommodated the demand that used to be sold in Venezuelan -- or I mean, U.S. dollars and maybe a little bit more -- a little of the Venezuelan demand has shifted to U.S. dollars. But mostly at the moment, we're flying an amount that can be accommodated by sales in U.S. dollars, and we'll adjust it if there's opportunity to adjust it going forward. Right now, we think we'll either -- we're at or near the same level. Even today, while the RASM numbers are good, the RASM on that airplane, I think in the fourth quarter, 40% of that is really going to be Venezuelan dollars because it's tickets that were sold a year ago. So the actual RASM performance is not necessarily reflective of the real sales that are going on right now because we're still burning off the tickets that were sold in Venezuelan dollars over a year ago. 
J. Kirby: Sure. Like the rest of the industry, we are migrating our regionals to higher-gauge aircraft. The real purpose of the regional flying is to feed the mainline. It's pretty -- the statistics are actually somewhat remarkable. It's about 50% of our departures, but it's only 11% of our ASM. 2/3 of the customers on those planes are connecting onto other aircraft and really supporting the growth of the mainline. So we're in an evolution that's going to take years to finish of giving -- of getting rid of left-on smaller-sized aircraft and moving towards larger aircraft, but we're in the midst of that. We've got aircraft orders for 90 large regional jets, all -- some of which are already starting to come, and which will come over the next year or 2, the majority of those. But we're in that kind of long-term migration. It's similar to what's happening in Delta and United, as we both move -- as we all move up the curve on size on regional jets. For what it's worth, we're also moving up the curve on size on mainline aircraft, where you see us taking delivery of almost all A321s, for example. And as airfares have declined in the United States, it's important to be able to fly big airplanes with as many customers as possible on them. So we're flying the largest aircraft; in almost all cases, the largest aircraft in each class. 
J. Kirby: I think that will -- I don't have a number to give you. But I think that it has improved margins and it will continue to improve margins, replacing 3 50-seat regional jets with 2 large regional jets flying 76 to 80 seats is much better economics. And so we're probably in the third or fourth inning of that at American Airlines, a little behind where Delta, Delta in particular, is. 
J. Kirby: Well, in the near term, I certainly don't think you should expect -- or it's not even the near term, longer term. We're happy with all the hubs that we have. They're complementary to each other, and they're all going to be profitable this year. And the hubs that are doing the best in terms of performance improvement are actually the hubs with the most competitive overlaps, so Chicago, New York and Los Angeles, where really putting the 2 networks together and creating more scope and scale has been the most beneficial in those hubs. And in Chicago, in particular, we're looking forward to re-banking the hub in March of next year, which we think will create even more benefits there. 
J. Kirby: I believe our plans, from memory, are down about 2% for capacity for the fourth and first quarter across the Atlantic. So we've taken a really proactive approach to really what was a supply issue as opposed to demand issue. Demand still remains pretty strong there. We have an awful lot of tactical initiatives going on with our partners across Atlantic, British Airways, Iberia and Finnair, and we're starting to see improved results. I think we'll continue to see improved results. But from a capacity perspective, I think we're pretty set on what we're going to fly this winter. 
J. Kirby: And remember that 1.5 of that is driven by increase in gauge on aircraft, in particular, the 737-800s going from 150 to 160 seats and the 777-200 also going from 247 to 289 seats. 
J. Kirby: Well, I mean, it's blended network. We manage them as if it's one network. But I don't think it's -- any of that is causing material changes to the domestic flying that we're doing. 
J. Kirby: Well, it's strategic, and it's doing really well for us. We've outperformed the industry every quarter this year across the Pacific. That is in spite of the fact that we're growing capacity faster than everyone else. So we're really pleased with the trajectory that we're on. We know we have a long way to go. But the kinds of things we've been doing are working well from our perspective. And the Pacific, in particular, will benefit from the reconfiguration of the 777s, so we feel really good about where we are. We're starting way behind. So while we have a higher percentage of growth rate compared to all the capacity across the Pacific, it's still relatively small. And when we add service into a place like Hong Kong, which we added this summer, that is effectively all new customers for us, unlike when you're flying to -- we've added service to São Paulo or to Kansas City. We're already carrying some of that traffic, and so some of that is cannibalizing off of ourselves onto our new flights. We're flying to Asia, and almost all of those passengers are incremental to American Airlines. So we've been pleased with how we're doing in the Pacific. We know we've got a long way to go to get where we want to be, but we're on a very good trajectory there. 
J. Kirby: Well, conceptually, we look at it purely based on profitability. If it's profitable, we'll continue to fly. If we think there's a profitable opportunity, we'll give it a shot. And while we haven't finalized our plans for next year, Charlotte did -- some of the new Charlotte routes did underperform our expectations. So we start with that framework as we look at adding big capacity for next summer. 
J. Kirby: Airfares remain a great bargain and fares are very low, down significantly in real terms in the last 20 to 30 years, down significantly as a percentage of GDP in the United States and a great bargain compared to almost any other good that you consider. When I get on a flight and go to New York, I think half the people on the airplane pay less for the round-trip ticket than I pay for my hotel room when I get to New York. So air travel remains a great bargain. We'll continue to keep it a great bargain for customers. But in a strong demand environment, we don't have plans to go out and just proactively cut fares. 
J. Kirby: You didn't miss anything. We have not been asked that. I thought we were going to get off without that. We have not seen any meaningful impact. If you've followed us and the airline industry over the years, we sometimes have very short-term impacts from the headlines. And so on the day after the congressional hearings last week, when there was a media frenzy around it, we saw, I think, a measurable impact for 1 day, and then bookings just snapped back to normal. So really, no impact. And I hope that there are no more cases in the United States or really anywhere, and that this gets resolved quickly and that it continues to have no impact. 
