Doug Parker: Thanks, Dan. And before I start I want to acknowledge the recent achievement by Dan, who has managed our Investor Relations functions before the letter [ph]. Dan was recently recognized by being named to the All-American Executive Team by Institutional Investor Magazine, that ranking is determined by survey of buy- and sell-side analysts and lets us know the Dan and the team are doing a nice job of communicating with all of you. So, thanks for that feedback and Dan, congratulations.
Doug Parker: And Hunter, just remember the A321s that are coming in are, fourth, late in the fourth, nine of those are coming in the fourth quarter. So it doesn’t impact the full-year that much and also the 757 coming in as replacing an aircraft that we got rid of last year.
Doug Parker: And Scott said that a while, just note when you said more pragmatic, you mean more pragmatic for us, it may not be more pragmatic for American. And I’m sure they’re doing what they believe is most pragmatic for them. But for us, we’re at the position and we think this is the best way to go about as opposed to the position Americans in. But we’re here at (inaudible)
Doug Parker: Well, it certainly changes the timing of when those benefits would accrue to us. And the benefits would get lowered somewhat by the fact that there going – if there is a divestiture, the benefits would get lower because of that divestiture.
Doug Parker: Yeah. I’m not sure, I’m not it’s that simple. It’s gotten emotional enough and I think what really has to happen it has to play out in court and people feel like they’ve done everything they can, to fight for everything they can for it to happen. And we’ve got to let that playing out. So what you’re saying maybe logical, this in the some cases has gotten past just the – all about logic and a lot about emotion which is where you never wanted to get. So we’ve got to let it play out in the court associates. I hear you saying and indeed there will be more retirements on the former US Airways side than you would see on the former America West side just due to age 65. And you’ll see a good bit more on the East side but that – I wouldn’t describe that – I wouldn’t want to characterize that to you as what’s going to help us get through this. It has to get done in court.
Doug Parker: Yeah, you’re right. I mean, if we were the largest operator Airbus aircraft in the world. I believe, in terms of actual number of shells. So, this is something that we are talking to Airbus about – looking to see if indeed the operating cost savings offset the capital of it yet. But we’re not sure about that yet. But we’ll work with them and if indeed this is an airplane that make sense for us we’ll, I’m certain we’ll be able to have their Airbus. We certainly applaud the effort, additional intervention, trying to do things, both to lower operating cost, but also to improve the machine on the airplanes. We have some other grounds to do a 757 problem which is that airplane comply machines that no other airplane comply. And they’re going to be – need to be retired at some point. So thus we may be able to help some of that as well. So, we are definitely interested in talking, I have no idea if we’re interested in purchasing at this point.
Doug Parker: Sure, Megan. Where we are, we are in continued negotiations and we have made some nice progress of labor, we are not done and hopefully we can get something done by the end of the year, but we are certainly not there yet. So, we continue to talk, we have table talking with the help of a facilitator who is helping us to get to this process and hopefully we will get something done soon.
Doug Parker: We are not sure how to eat the numbers as big as this. What I know is that our team did a phenomenal job of managing through these storms. Well, it’s really difficult to tell you in short, what is difficult is anywhere. We fly as much up and down and these closes and that’s what because of the results of what our team did, that’s what it cost on us. We are extremely proactive, cancelled twice where we knew we could not, if we did not think reapplying, kept people with their plans and as soon as the storms abated we are up there flying with our regular schedule and get people moving in. And our team just did an amazing job, we are really proud that we worked at it.
Doug Parker: We had a great working relationship with the Charlotte airport, Janeiro is one of it if not the best airport managers in the country and this was one of these storms that no one anticipated ever since, again you live there, I mean, it wasn’t just the amount, it wasn’t just the number of the icing events we have but how much flew would you had to use on the zero points because the icing was so fixed. So, we are not going to blame this on the airport and what I know is going forward we have worked with the airport to make that doesn’t happen again.
Doug Parker: Perfect thanks, we are done. We appreciate your interest in our results and if you have further questions either contact Dan for Investor Relations issues or Jim also in our Communication group for the press. Thank you very much. Have a nice day.
Derek Kerr: Thanks, Doug. As we announced in our press release over this morning, we did record a fourth quarter net profit of $28 million or earnings of $0.17 per share as Doug said, it was our first profitable fourth quarter since 2006. This compares to a loss of $79 million or $0.49 per share a year ago, when you exclude special items the company’s profit for the fourth quarter was also $28 million or $0.17 per share versus a loss of $32 million or $0.20 per share in the fourth quarter of last year. For the full year 2010, the company recorded second highest profit in the company’s history, net profit excluding special items of $447 million versus the net loss excluding special items of $499 million for the full year of 2009 and as Doug said a tremendous $946 million year-over-year improvement. Please refer to the tables included in our press release for the details on these special items for the remainder of this call to exclude the impact of the special items to more accurately reflect our performance for the quarter. Total capacity for the quarter was 21 billion ASMs, up 4.2% from 2009. Mainline capacity for the quarter was 17.4 billion, up 4.2%. Express capacity was up 4.1% to 3.6 billion ASMs. We ended 2010 with 339 mainline aircraft in our fleet and plan to keep the fleet count flat for 2011. During ‘11, we plan to return 13 older 737 leased aircraft while adding 13 new aircraft, 12 A-321s and one 757. 757 comes late in the first quarter and the 12 A-321s are scheduled to be delivered in the third and fourth quarters, three of them in the third and nine in the fourth quarter. All of these aircrafts have backstop financing available. The express fleet count is also anticipated to remain flat in 2010. Total operating revenues for the quarter were 2.9 billion, up 10.7% from the same period in 2009. Mainline passenger revenues were 1.85 billion, up 11.1% driven by higher yields as a result of the improved economy in the industry capacity discipline. During the quarter other operating revenues were up 9.5% versus 2009 due primarily to the increase in a la carte revenues. For the year, we’ve realized more than 500 million from these new programs. Cargo revenues which were impacted by the contraction of business spending in 2009 again showed significant improvement in the fourth quarter coming in 28.6% higher than 2009. We saw an improvement in both international cargo and domestic mail revenues versus fourth quarter 2009 total passenger RASM was up 6.1% to 12.14 cents for the same period combined yields increased 3.4% and our combined load factor was 80.6% in all time fourth quarter record. Total RASM for the fourth quarter was up 6.2% versus 2009. The airlines operating expenses for the fourth quarter were 2.8 billion, up 7.3% as compared to a year ago, mainline operating cost per ASM excluding special items was approximately 12 cents, up 3.5% year-over-year driven by a 17.9% increase in fuel prices. Our average mainline fuel price including taxes for the fourth quarter of 2010 was $2.40 per gallon versus $2.04 per gallon in the fourth quarter of 2009, which drove a $150 million increase in year-over-year fuel cost. Remarkably even given the rapid run up in fuel during the fourth quarter, US Airways still had the lowest fuel costs of any airline to report thus far. Despite higher fuel prices the company was able to keep its costs in check through outstanding operational reliability and continued cost diligence. The team did a terrific job managing our expenses which is especially noteworthy in an environment of relatively flat capacity growth. We were able to reduce our full year main line CASM x fuels, special items, and profit sharing by 0.4% versus 2009. For the fourth quarter excluding special items, fuel, and profit sharing our main line cost for ASM was 8.39 cents in the quarter, a decrease of 2% versus 2009. Express operating costs per ASM x fuel was 1.38 cents for the quarter, which is 3% higher than 2009. As Doug said, our operation ran very well in 2010. US Airways ranked number one among the five largest network carriers in baggage handling, and number two in on-time performances reported by the DOT through November 2010. Our customer satisfaction also outperformed the competition that evidenced by our 2010 compliant ratio which was 10 percentage points better than the average of our peers. This exceptional operation performance allowed our team members to earn approximately 24 million in operational payouts in 2010. Our team members also earned another 47 million of profit sharing based on our strong 2010 financial performance. We ended the quarter with 2.3 billion of total cash in investments of which 364 million was restricted. Total cash in investments include 57 million of auction rate securities at fair market value that currently are reflected as non-current assets on our balance sheet.
Derek Kerr: Yeah. Hi, it’s Derek. Our restricted cash situation we have $364 million of restricted cash. That numbers down to 120 million year-over-year, primarily due to reduction in the credit card holdback. We currently have about a $100 million in credit card holdback that has driven – our contract has three different tiers, a holdback of 0%, 15%, and 25%. And we are at that second tier right now. I mean it’s all driven by fixed charge ratios and other numbers. So, I think from our perspective, the max holdback can be 25% at this point in time and we’re in good shape, we’ve had reduced throughout the year, and we believe we’re planning all year, at the tier two level which is 15% holdback. But if things get better that could be reduced to zero at certain ratios.
Derek Kerr: It’s fine, that’s important because there is so much happening across all the network. But we do have slightly higher gauge which really account – slightly higher gauge and higher completion factor accounts for all of our domestic capacity growth. So we would be flat to down slightly without those two affects. Departures are about the same, so it’s just a mix of things that are happening across the network which are really good about our business pattern in all of our business market and so no real change for that, but just little things here and there to get you through.
Derek Kerr: Yeah. And it’s built meaningfully positive we said 75 million before we thought that was conservative, it’s still meaningfully positive to get the deal done and we still are hopeful that we will be able to get it done.
Derek Kerr: Well, I will answer the second part of the question first. If fuel were 70 tomorrow we would be very happy but wouldn’t change our capacity upwards. We are all worried of course, if anyone is responsible be worried about oil at this level. As stated we’re happy that the industry has restructured enough that it can actually be profitable with all above $90 and that’s a result of all the changes that have turned the industry the past years. We are also happy that the industry is having much greater success passing along higher fuel through fare increases, I have mentioned the three domestic fare increases, the international market is also ratcheting up quite quickly – pricing in the international market is also ratcheting up quite quickly with big increases in the fuel surcharges there. That being said, just being profitable isn’t enough, so all of equal we have a bias to reduce capacity with oil at this level. Practically speaking, however the current schedule that we are working on is the summer schedule, and even though the oil higher than it is today, it won’t make sense, it will not likely to reduce capacity during the peak summer travel period. However, as we move into the fall’s schedule we would much more likely reduce capacity with all of these levels. But we don’t need to make that decision for a few months yet, so we just hadn’t made it and we’ll get more information on oil and on the revenue environment before we make decisions on the fall schedule. So don’t expect of immediate reduction in our capacity guidance but that’s really because of the calendar with summer as the next schedule that we’re working on. Primarily capacity discipline in the face of today’s high fuel prices is something that we’ll apply when we go to our fall schedule.
Derek Kerr: No. I think the big savings on a CASM side is also on the aircraft rent side. As we renewed the older aircraft, last year if you recall, we pushed off a fair amount of aircraft for our liquidity initiative that had us go and renew some of the older aircrafts that we’re going to replace down the road. There’s a significant amount of savings in that in order to reduce that. But that’s the major thing that’s going on from an expense side. And then everything else has been held pretty much in line as we go through all of the expense lines year-over-year.
Derek Kerr: No, no. I’d say we’re not replacing aircraft as quick as we had planned on replacing aircrafts. So we needed to go out and renegotiate those deals on older 737, 300’s and 400’s. And we’re getting significant declines in aircraft rents on those aircrafts, which we’ll save us a significant amount year-over-year.
Derek Kerr: It has extensions at lower rates, and then the rate we leased the fair amount of aircraft, so there are 11 air few aircraft and then 23 lease extensions and that’s worth some $18 million, it’s worth about one point, two points year-over-year on a CASM basis.
Derek Kerr: Len, I would like to follow up on your question. The total ASMs in the first quarter are $20.5 billion.
Derek Kerr: Routes have done really well to Europe. Our pull down last year was after 2009 where Europe really fell off a cliff. And so we perceptually pulled down in 2010 some of the European flying. But Europe has done very well and over the longer time, I think it’ll continue to grow there. We’re excited to be – to give that service to Sao Paulo. And so we’ll continue to grow in Latin America as well.
Derek Kerr: It is at about 33% and it’s been on a steady long-term increase so – but that increase – that’s like kind of steady increases, I think it’s about 33% in the last couple of months.Glenn Engel – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Derek Kerr: Well, all that competitive capacity that we’ve talked about is in place right now, I mean somebody may have more capacity that to know about. But there is nothing new that’s coming online though much of the capacity started in the third and fourth quarter. So on a from year-over-year perspective it will continue to impact results all the way up until November. But it’s already – all the new routes already baked into our current run rate.
Derek Kerr: Well, we’re looking at everything we have Ray. Lot of that, the transactions that we did were part of the liquidity initiatives and we’ll pay a lot of that debt and start paying that debt down this year out of operations. We have, like you said we have gone to the market with the WTCs, we have more aircraft coming this year that we need to finance that we may use the markets for, so we don’t have a target right now, we are continuing to increase cash and we are going to increase cash and keep that level where it needs to be. Our major debt that we have is the $1.2 billion loan that’s at LIBOR plus 250 so it’s at a very good rate and things that are coming due we will pay off with existing – its existing from operations, but we may use the market again as you saw with the successful WTC transaction to finance aircraft for the next couple of years.
Derek Kerr: We can’t comment on forward-looking pricing information. We will get into trouble with Department of Justice. But, the one thing we have talked about is choice seat and I talked pretty extensively about better program that already exist, but our desire to stall that to the more distribution channel.
Derek Kerr: They are staggered. We just signed a new with Expedia. We are in negotiations with Sabre and the others come up at just various times when they are on the way.Catherine Craig – Centre for Aviation: Okay, thanks.
Derek Kerr: Well, you think, a few million utmost, a $5 million or less because most of its customers rebook and you recapture much of the revenue, not all of them, which you recaptured much of the revenue on other days and you say with the lot of the expenses are flying like fuel. So, we are being precautious putting minimal. You really get extraordinarily low compared to your competitors in the same region.
Scott Kirby: Thanks Derek. As always I will take a minute to talk briefly about our operational results and then turn to the revenue environment. We’re extremely proud of our team who ran a truly outstanding operation throughout 2010. In 2010, US Airways was number one and on-time performance three timed, number one in baggage six times and number one in lowest complaints to DOT three times. Truly a remarkable performance from all the people of US Airways. Turning to the revenue environment, during the fourth quarter our passenger in total RASM increased 6%, in the geographic mix of markets we are very happy with the fourth quarter revenue performance. As in prior quarters, the year-over-year improvement was driven largely by improving business demand. Corporate demand continued to rebuild and was up 17% year-over-year in the quarter. Of more interest to most of you is probably our outlook going forward, so I’ll try to provide you with some data and some opinions as we see it on the outlook. : For some historical perspective, I’m going to roll the clock all the way back to the fourth quarter of 2008, when mainline was failing and the world was falling apart, stock market was dropping and confidence was very low. Airline revenue, particularly business revenue declined but not dramatically during the fourth quarter of ‘08. But in the hind side, corporations clearly cut travel budgets for 2009. And in January 2009, we saw a dramatic sequential reduction in business revenues across the industry. In the first quarter of 2009, RASM declined by about 1,300 basis points as compared to a normal sequential change versus 4Q 2008. As we went through 2009, the macro economy pulled back in the break and began recovery. Airline business revenues gradually improved by a ranch of rate in the macroeconomic recovery. I think this was due corporate travel budgets were set back, they were set back in the dark days of the fourth quarter of 2008. By the fourth quarter of 2009 however, the stock market was up, confidence was much higher and corporations increased their travel budgets. So as regarding to January of 2010, we saw a step function increase in business demand with about a 1,200 basis point sequential improvement in demand from the fourth quarter of 2009 into the first quarter of 2010. That increase was significant and continued to 2010, but didn’t really accelerate much for the rest of 2010. As regard to the fourth quarter of last year, the economy again looked much better. The market was up, confidence was strong and I think corporate travel budgets were ratcheted it up once again. So as we entered January of 2011, it feels like we’ve seen another step function improvement in that business demand. It’s not as large as the 1,200 basis point improvement from last year, but I think it could be three to 400 basis points better than the fourth quarter runway. This conclusion is also consistent with a lot of anecdotal evidence that I hear from other executives of other companies, talking about having company conferences at [inaudible] in Florida with lots of attendees. Going back to the behavior that they had in 2007, 2008, after two years of smaller affair, company headquarters with a lot fewer attendees and lots of other similar anecdotes. As a result, I think airline revenues are going to outperform in the normal year-over-year GDP relationships throughout 2011. Thankfully, the strong demand environment is allowing airlines to pass along with part of increasing fuel prices. With three systemwide fare increases already this year versus none in the last four months of 2010. Despite the fact that confidence get more difficult in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter, we expect January RASM to be up about 7% year-over-year and expect Q1 RASM to be up 6% to 8% year-over-year. This means that we’ve finally recovered the RASM and yield above 2008 levels and expect that basically all months in 2011 will set a new all-time-high for both RASM and yield. As we roll in over to a new calendar year, we feel very good about the revenue environment. Business demand is strong, we’re even starting to see more improvements even starting to see more improvements of our leisure markets. The pricing environment is also strong which is important given the run up in fuel prices. So to conclude the employees of US Airways continue to run a truly fantastic operation and we continue to feel positive about the macroeconomic environment, particularly the macro outlook for airline revenue. With that I think we are ready for questions.
Scott Kirby: I don’t think that all reflected in January because much of January is bookings occurred early in that, so it’s of more what’s happening from a booking perspective in January.
Scott Kirby: And that will be hedging at the market meaning, that higher prices in today because the cover is our perspective [ph].
Scott Kirby: Gary, just to reduce the update on that number, it also has the renewals that you will look forward, so it’s worth about one point, two points. The aircraft ranked reduction year-over-year.
Scott Kirby: I’ll start, well Derek will get you the other number, but it’s, we’ll point on couple of market, but we’re also adding Charlotte to Madrid, and Charlotte to Dublin, and Charlotte to Sao Paulo, additionally several of our seasonal markets are going year around now, so even our Atlantic capacity, even if you exclude Latin Mid-Atlantic capacity is up several percentage.
Scott Kirby: I think 6%, we got rid of two market, added two markets but then several other markets are going in around.
Scott Kirby: Since the slot deal occurred, we got another frequency to Sao Paulo from United. So I’d be able to start Sao Paulo, we hope in November this year even if the – even if the slot swap deal doesn’t get down though, of course we hope slot swap deal get done.
Scott Kirby: We would like to be able to explore that with United depending on the economics, hope that something, that might get up to something that you can get done, we’re currently very happy with our trans-Atlantic service, it does really well and some of the most profitable client we have, but if there is not to, you make it better by being part of the JV, we would like to do that. United understandably has a lot to do plight right now trying to integrate with Continental, it’s something that we had some conversations about with them. And maybe it’s a potential down the road but it’s not that you can terminate.
Scott Kirby: Very big partner with ITA. And I think actually we are the first or maybe I count it as first – we are the second airline department. And so, we’ve got great technology and like dealing with them. Our thoughts really are, as long as we keep our relationship with them as it is today, we would have objection to it as long as you can be assured if that’s going to go – continue going forward. More of the objections are coming I think from the Almond travel agents and from the airlines.
Scott Kirby: Well, we’re not doing it to the GDS and that’s the problem. We’re doing it through our own reservation systems which is suboptimal for us because, a big portion of our – to get yourself to other distribution and so we can’t sell them to those customers. And it’s bad to those customers as well because we have a number of seats on our airplane that are blocked off and are only available to customers who are buying through UHO’s direct channel. But not because we want to box it and force people to go direct to UHO because that’s how you had to do it to make sure your seats work. We would much prefer to have the GDS and all of our partners have the ability to sell those choice seats.
Scott Kirby: I think, we would love being star and that we have great partnership with the all the star carriers and United and there maybe opportunity to expand that and ask antitrust immunity over time. I don’t think maybe it’s going to happen eminently, one we are really happy with our Atlantic, it was duty for us and to United has lot of new play time to integrate with United so –
