Doug Parker: Sure, Joe. Again, we won’t be able to give you a much better guidance as we get through our budgeting process just begun. We can do a better job of giving you estimates next quarter, but with the two headwinds that you mentioned that we faced this year certainly should not be headwinds next year. And the amounts you described the one you showed just a little bit down is the MAX and they're not all back in January 1, as Robert described it, they phase in over the course of the year. So to the extent, whatever that headwind was in 2019 I don't think you should build all that in for 2020. But our run rate earnings are right and I'm not by any means trying to give you an earnings estimate, but absolutely agree that whatever earnings are going to be in 2019, they're going to be a good bit better. They're going to be better for the two reasons you suggest.
Doug Parker: Yes, again let me expand a little bit then. You're right, we haven't disclosed the numbers Joe really, I mean, not because they're dramatically different than we would have said in the past versus now a year. We have -- we consistently said in the past, we're going through a period of high CapEx once we get through it, you should expect to see us generate free cash flow. When we do that, we will naturally de-lever all those statements I hopefully you would agree, we always said. What we haven't been able to do or we kind of wanted to really I’m going to just tell you three years from now, here's what the numbers will be. And now and now it's upon us. And as that free cash flow gets generated in 2020, we can give you more clarity on that, so we’re happy to. The $5.5 billion of free cash that I mentioned again is simple math on steady state earnings; we can all decide what earnings might be as we go forward. But that's what that is. And again, we certainly aren’t going to be happy if 2019 earnings are the earnings in 20 and 21. The debt paid down numbers that I gave you are reasonably simple math. Just looking at what we what we know amortizes over the next few years and what we believe we needed to add as we do have additional requirements, but obviously, the amortizations exceed the requirements. So that's -- that number again is nothing -- it's a number we go from here giving because it's what the math is telling us. And then to your point, to the extent that first number the free cash flow generation is greater than our needs to run the airline or retire debt, we believe that cash certainly in excess of our very high cash balances is best used by returning it to our shareholders, it’s their cash, us holding more than we need is a horrible use of capital. And we should return that to you as efficiently as possible. And we believe [indiscernible] by repurchasing our shares. So that's what you should expect to see from us.
Doug Parker: Sure, thanks, Brandon. Again well I don’t have those numbers in front of me, what I do know is first off I would always argue that for airlines operating incomes is a tough measure to look at if you're trying to really look at just the operating performance and I encourage you to look at EBITDA, I know we always encourage you to capitalize our operating leases on the balance sheet. And you should do the same thing by not including the operating leases in your operating cash flows and it makes a difference. So, when you do look at EPS, so I’ll suggest when I look at the numbers myself is part of what you’re seeing in deterioration relative to others is what I just talked about, which is our fleet modernization, which is now done versus theirs, which is about to come. But putting it aside, I don't disagree with your point and none of us should that we've underperformed elsewhere not just in the ownership costs. And as we look to that, the primary reason is related to the issues we talked about. We have seen our properly adjusted [indiscernible] adjusted, unit revenue gap certainly versus delta which was widening as we - every year since the merger, I’m sorry, which is narrowing every year since the merger, starting to widen the last six quarters. And that's not what we should be doing. We should be narrowing that gap, not widening it. Again, there are a number of reasons as to why it is but the biggest ones tend to be that we haven't executed on an operation. But I’m aware there's no doubt that 737 MAX issue certainly has led to the widening of that gap. But as opposed to trying to explain what it is, what I'll tell you is we're committed now to going forward and we feel very good about that.
Doug Parker: Let me try [indiscernible]. Irrespective what the contract, may or may not do, we want these airplanes. We want, if we refine them all today, we'd be doing. So as soon as they can be as soon as they're certified, and we have got pilots trained, we'd like to get them into service as quickly as possible. What Robert described you is what we believe is as quickly as possible. So that's, and that's the great thing to do is so we're not looking to change the delivery schedule and if anything we'd like to accelerate the delivery schedule. We feel really good about our growth prospects. Second part of the question, sorry, I think I might have answered already but go ahead.
Doug Parker: We -- we're not -- anyway -- we‘re going to try and maximize value at all times, not so much try to manage earnings as much as maximizing value. We believe the way to maximize value is to continue to expand our network. We have fewer players today than we would like. That's a rare situation for American Airlines. But I'll tell you, every meeting we have with our planning team; they're looking on the table asking for more aircraft not fewer. We want to get those airplanes into the system. Again, this is not, this is growth you should be happy about that we work on the table for. This is in our core markets filling out something that is very rarely able, we are able to do. We just take hubs Dallas/Fort Worth and Charlotte where we have gauged and add more flights into those hubs, that’s really, really good growth. And we want to do it as quickly as we can and irrespective of what that may do next year's margins earnings I don't know. What I know is that [indiscernible].
Doug Parker: It is not. I told you - again what’s predicated on is, to be crystal clear, it is predicated on flat earnings year-over-year, so that’s what it is.
Doug Parker: And again that’s not an earnings forecast. It’s giving you a free cash flow number, if we had flat earnings, you should do your own earnings forecast. We'll do our best to give you a better guidance on that next quarter.
Doug Parker: Yes, you're definitely right on that. This is assuming the MAX coming back at the schedule that Robert had talked about. There could be changes to that just depending as we go forward. But this is assuming the MAX schedule that Robert talked about where they phase back into the early part of the year. And the deliveries do come in.
Doug Parker: We slowed early in the fall here, but then we're hiring back up to meet the schedule needs for early part of the first quarter. So we're back making sure that we can fly the schedule that Robert talked about with the aircraft coming back, so that when they come back, we're ready to roll.
Doug Parker: Hey Duane, I will talk on that one. Again I said in my comments I’ve agreed NMB’s request not to discuss, we’re under negotiations and that starts to do it. I know it's important to you. We hopefully understand, we're much more focused on getting the negotiation done. I don't want to jeopardize that. So if you don't mind, what is telling you that we're happy to run negotiations, we're happy that the NMB has asked us in post live not to talk about it. We think that helps the negotiations rather than hurt them and we don't want to violate that when we do have a contract. We will absolutely let you know the answers to those questions.
Doug Parker: One, you haven’t heard from us before these cash flow initiatives, other cash volumes, sorry generation because we couldn't say it before. Again, that's not anything I feel pretty badly about. We needed to invest in this company. And we were describing the time to our investors and it was going to be significant. And the reality is, while we were making record profits, we weren't generating cash flow because we were spending it on upgrading our fleet of that $31 billion I talked about in the last six years, $23 billion of that was spent on new airplanes. So that's behind us, so that's a new message, hope it gets a change in bullishness, it's a new message and one that I think is important to our investors. So that's point one. And the other only what I'd add to the bullishness piece is our bullishness at the moment is not driven by us seeing anything differently than anyone else, it's driven by our absolute understanding that we -- our earnings this year were hindered by two circumstances that we fully expect to be behind us early in 2020 and our commitment to ensure that we have operational excellence and the growth prospects all of that as we try in Chicago, in conclusions that’s what we are.
Doug Parker: I would add, I’ll let Derek to add. Yes, that’s Mike. [Indiscernible] we will have the MDAs were gone out, the A190 were gone out of the fleet, the 760 were gone out of the fleet, 75s will eventually go out of the fleet. So the next real big decision for us is in the A319 category. Everything else will those aircraft are and on average 15 years today. So as you said, we don't have any decision to make until, 2025 timeframe, we might talk earlier, but I think it's really in that category, the 319 category and what will be the replacement for that and our 320 at the bottom and 150 seat range to 130 seat range.
Doug Parker: Hi Mike, impliciting your question, I think is that if we didn't do that that we would be paying the tariffs, as what you have been saying that, let me assume we did.
Doug Parker: Look what we know don't think no that the USTR place the tariffs with the level it did to ensure that the burden didn't get borne by U.S. airlines but by the French. So we're happy to work with airbus to mitigate that amount. But I don't think you should assume that if it's not mitigated that American Airlines would be -- would be a worse borne. Having said that, what we really hope is that it never get to that point, the answer this is not to keep escalating and having tariffs on both sides. The answer to this is for the European Commission, USTR sit down and work this out in a way that doesn't have tariffs going places. But if they can't do that, this again, we're certain that the goal of the USTR was not to have these tariffs paid by U.S. airlines, and then passed on to U.S.
Doug Parker: But you are asking for revenue guidance. If we take out the CASM is flat [indiscernible] earnings are up, sounds like that revenue guidance. But look I wanted to go back to what we said so far Dan and we are not yet prepared to give you real guidance on earnings in 2020 because we are doing our own work and so we will let you know more as we know more ourselves. Certainly in the next call, we want to give you better guidance on 2020. Earnings forecast but and you should do your own work on what you think about and thinking on revenue and where we are relative to that, right now we can’t give you much more than this.
Doug Parker: Don you can chime in here, but hey one is that we're finally getting to the point of being able to offer instant upsell in higher level cabin. So as we've been improving our affiliate segment, whether it's through main Cabin Extra or premium economy type seats, being able to offer that to customers in a convenient way, is something that we finally have the technology to be able to do and that was launched earlier this summer, expanded throughout the domestic and now we're looking to move that that to international and also into other channels as well. So that's something that will absolutely help us take advantage of the product offerings that we have out there. And to Don’s point, in terms of being able to harmonize our cabins and ensure that we have the configurations we want. We had to take a hiatus because of operational issues this past summer on those programs, those have been restarted and we anticipate that our 737 classic fleet will be fully upgraded by the summer of 2021.
Doug Parker: Alison I will start. Again the discussions are underway, but I guess I characterize it as early. I think not just -- no reason for us to be concerned at this point, but also no real clarity at this point. Much of the reason being, from the standpoint of Boeing still not certainty as to when the aircraft will be recertified. So talks are underway but they're early, but we feel highly confident that the losses that American Airlines have incurred, won't be incurred by American shareholders but will be borne by the Boeing shareholders.
Doug Parker: We were asked to return to service. The answer to that question asked to return to service. Our -- the date that we have January 15 is based on the best information we have from talking to not just Boeing but the FAA. We were encouraged to see Boeing announce I think earlier this week that they believe the aircraft will be certified in the fourth quarter. So, that information, I guess is probably -- it's probably safe it is probably best described that information in best case given what we've all seen over the course of this process, but it's a reasonable case. And therefore, we, if indeed, that is -- that situation is correct, if indeed the aircraft is recertified in the fourth quarter, we absolutely, we will be able to have our five airplanes as I described, certified flying revenue as early as January 15. If indeed that doesn't tend to be the case, we will once again, need to adjust. And we've unfortunately are getting really good at that, we have designed this one in particular, to be easier to do than others in that regard. So, yes, we're frustrated. But it is hopefully getting to the point. It certainly feels as though the delay that we hear about seem to be shorter delays. The confidence seems to be higher. But we don't take that as certainly close to it. But based on everything we know today, certainly seems reasonable to have these aircraft and our schedule to five airplanes January 15 and we are highly to be the case. If indeed that has not been the case, we will adjust and let our customers know well in advance.
Doug Parker: We don’t have a position on that. Our position is we're highly interested in having the airplane. Boeing meet the requirements of the FAA and get the airplane recertified. I will note that we think the FAA is doing a fantastic job with this process and it’s showing real leadership. They always do on safety in aviation, and we feel really confident that once the FAA recertifies this airplane it’s one of the safest in the world. And we're looking forward to that date.
Doug Parker: All right. Thank you all very much for your interest and we appreciate it and if you have any questions, either contact Investor Relations or Corporate Communications, we will be happy to answer. Thank you very much.
Vasu Raja: Yes. And so a little bit of the effect that you see is really the effect of the peak of summer happening more in the third quarter. That said we do see a significant benefit as we improve the connectivity of our hubs. We see that not only the marginal revenues of our new flying is coming in well above the system average it’s having a meaningful impact on all the flights that remain. So for example, the new flights, the new routes that we added, the new frequencies came in about 85-plus-percent marginal PRASM, we're expecting to come in at 75% but had a meaningful impact on our big trunk routes, DFW-LA, DFW-Vegas. We do anticipate an effect like that in Charlotte. And indeed we expect a meaningful effect in Charlotte because while we grow the hub and departures and improve the connectivity, we will also up-gauge the hubs. So we will have more seats on all of those, those are really [the bench] [ph] connection.
Vasu Raja: Yes, hey Hunter first of all, we're still working through our high level of operations for next year. But I'd say the simple way to think of it is that about a quarter-and-a-half or so is just the bring back of the MAX. The remainder of it is the growth of our core business. And of that remainder, it's pretty evenly split between just a variety of gauge initiatives and an actual departure-based growth. As far as the domestic and international split we're still kind of working through that right now. Of course, we've announced a lot of international receiving probably backs off for some of it. But we anticipate that domestic will moderately outgrow International, but it'll be pretty close. But we're refining it more in the next quarter.
Vasu Raja: Yes, hi this is Vasu. Look a lot of what's really driving our capacity growth that growth was just simply the growth of capacity. As Derek mentioned in his opening remarks in the last year, we did a lot to go and restructure international network, we cut something in the order of 17 or 18 routes across the system that were really long-term money losers, and we turned them into 22 new routes, much of which was growth in Trans-Atlantic and all of which is coming at a really attractive revenue clip. They are having some issues in 3Q with foreign exchange and things like that, as Derek mentioned, but the marginal profitability of the routes we've added in Trans-Atlantic has been pretty impressive. And indeed, year-to-date, our Trans-Atlantic unit revenues on an absolute basis have been higher than they've been in any point since the merger. So we're encouraged by it. It's been really great utilization for our airplanes, and all together margin positive for us.
Vasu Raja: Hey, Helane, this is Vasu. Let me take your questions in reverse order. First of all, space in Miami. Yes, we have the space in Miami to grow in any number of ways adding the three flights that Robert mentioned earlier and is all accommodated within the capacity footprint that we have there. We have a really great position in Miami, a really great relationship with Miami airport and community at large. And so the way we see this is Robert says that we will always have the biggest and the best Latin American network, it is at the very heart of our competitive advantage as an airline. And that's one thing that that even through all of this stuff we will continue to do and will continue to be able to go and operate in Miami and grow there, though it doesn't have the profitability of markets like DFW and Charlotte, there are routes out of Miami that are among -- are most critical for our customers and certainly and in certain days a week in times of year, it was really attractive marketplace for us and you'll see us take full advantage of that in the year ahead. To your first question about Envoy growth, which I think in part you meant Envoy maybe you meant kind of regional versus mainline. I'll speak to both, our growth this past year has been heavily driven by the regional operations. Next year it will be more heavily driven by our mainline operation. Our growth in Charlotte especially is less about growing our regional jets. It's about one improving the connectivity of the hub making more O&D market and very critically having more seats on all those O&Ds. So you'll see a few things like bring the 737s in the larger degree, turn more regional jets in the mainline, we endeavor to do the same thing in DFW as well. Now that said our regional jet network is a very critical part of our airline that does, as we say the little jets make the big jets go. And so we -- there will be a big dose of regional jet growth as well. It'll just lag the mainline next year, whereas this year it kind of outpaced the mainline.
Vasu Raja: Yes, Ed, great question. And importantly, the 319 eight first class seats anytime we're taking out a single class 50 seater, and replacing with bigger jet. Of course going from zero first class seats to something more than that, regardless of what it is. So with that in mind, really, there's multiple things that we plan to do in Chicago. One of which is look, we have a luxury in Chicago that our competitor doesn't have, which is that we have a gigantic East West Hub in DFW for our competitor that is the best East West Hub that they have. And so what we're really interested in doing is being able to provide the best product and schedule to the customers of Chicago to the world. And we will increasingly do this as we move through a number of our fleet initiatives and product initiatives too. We will have better schedule on the key days the business travelers go; we will vary the capacity levels that we have in the course of the week. And then over the long-term, what will increasingly do is as we do more 50 seat replacements, you'll see more and more two-class services, whether it's larger, RJ319, or 737s coming into Chicago.
Robert Isom: Hi Darryl, I'll just add that. The pilots are here, the flight attendants are here, the gates are here. So for the most part, we're ready to fly these aircraft. If we want to hear something from Boeing that was just incremental changes there's not on a heck of a lot that you can build that. To the extent that there would be something that say you don't give us much more visibility long into the future. Of course we would make adjustments. But right now it's really just around the edges that we can cut back.
Robert Isom: I'll go ahead and then start on that. The great news is that our network by far the best in the South America, there's a lot that we can do to augment that on our own. And while again, LATAM was disappointing you also have to realize the nature of what that was and what it could be. So for now, customers are choosing to purchase American and fly American. And as we take a look at what goes for of course that network we have in South America could be really attractive to a lot of partners. And so we're busy working and exploring and evaluating the opportunities that are out there right now so, good things to come.
Robert Isom: Yes, we're actually really excited for our future in Chicago on a number of levels that I mean for one, and I've talked about this probably in lot of forum, removing Chicago to Asia, for us has been actually a big benefit to the Chicago hub. A lot of that was not just unprofitable flying in and of itself, it was claiming space off of domestic airplanes and things like that that could have otherwise gone to other customers in the Chicago local market or people connecting from other parts of business. So that alone has been a big change in Chicago. And also as we look forward though, our principal competitor there is indeed rolling out the new product, the reality is, we still will be able to offer more First Class seats to the Chicago customer. We absolutely intend to continue doing that. One of the major things that we're excited for, as we go into next year and work through the MAX situation is it will have a lot more flexibility to do things like bringing the A319 into Chicago, which will enable us to kind of upguage regional jet markets to vary our capacity more through day of week, create a lot of variability in the schedule that ultimately goes into tracks the key business customers in the Chicago and Greater Midwest area that our principal competitor seems to be targeting. So we very much like our chances out there, we very much will continue to do that. And even going forward looking longer run as we ourselves continue to aggressively replace single class 50 seat RJs with 2-class airplanes, Chicago will be a place where we'll continue to thrive and be able to produce some improving results.
Robert Isom: Yes, Ed. Over time they will, we're working through what that looks like. I think at this point, we're probably not yet ready to reveal all of it. But that is our long-term plan, as long been our fleet plan and marketplace Chicago, is kinds of things we have in mind for it.
Derek Kerr: We do not have an answer on that yet. It all depends on how we get it back. The accounting is if you get it against the aircraft price that would just go into reduced aircraft price and wouldn't hit the P&L. If it comes back as lost earnings, it possibly could hit the P&L. So we don't -- we do not know yet. We're in negotiations with Boeing and have continued to talk with them. And as we continue to go through that, we will update everybody on where it will hit P&L and if it will hit the P&L and what that number is going to be.
Derek Kerr: Yes, look as we talk to our employees, the biggest thing we need to do for our team is provide our live operation. We and thanks to some frontline leadership have done a really nice job of taking care of our team we have, as you're well aware needed to increase compensation across the board to get our wage levels to where their peers in other airlines are because they certainly deserve to be paid relative as much or more as those that are doing similar jobs at airlines. But this the issue we're dealing with now as it relates to the team is, we need to give them the tools they need to do their jobs, which they do so incredibly well. That's go and take care of customers. And we haven't been doing that. We don't run, we don't have operational excellence; our team ends up bearing the brunt of that. They end up not being where they're supposed to be, they end up having inventory over time, they end up having unhappy customers, all of which impact the runoff. So what we're -- what we know and further is operational excellence is to our customers and to our shareholders. It's really important to our team, and that's all those reasons why we're so committed to making sure it happens, and we believe doing that will do more for our team than anything else we can do right now.
Derek Kerr: And Mike I’ve got the data points for you and everyone else. As we look at our fleet now, only 10% of our fleet, only 10% of our fleet was 20 years or older as compared, contrasted to our two large competitors have about a third of their fleets 20 years or older. So anyway, it'll be a while, we feel very good. And indeed, over half of our fleet is zero to 10 years. So we again, it took us a while to get there, we had to spend a lot to do it. But we feel really good about where we are with our fleet and certainly relative to our cash needs versus our competitors going forward.
Derek Kerr: Yes. I would say, this is Derek and we have already a schedule out through the mid of 2020, where we'll have nine coming out of Mobile, six of them are Hamburg today. And then we have still six to be determined. So we'll do everything we can, we have 21 deliveries for the next two years, we're doing everything we can to talk to Airbus, to try to get them out of Mobile and make sure that those aircraft come from that manufacturing facility instead of Hamburg. But as of today of the 21, we have come in six come from Hamburg, nine from Mobile and six yet to be determined, which are late in 2020 that we will continue to work to get to those out of Mobile.
Derek Kerr: Yes, Dan we have a significant amount of fleet flexibility. We have unencumbered aircraft, some 264 aircraft, almost 100 of those mainline, 172 Regional, we have 65 deliveries to come next year which we could, we could deal with if we needed to lease extensions, there's about 47 of those that would come off and then older aircraft, we have 53 of those, which most of those are in the unencumbered category. So and we have upwards 300 350 aircraft, fleet flexibility that if something happened, we could take the fleet down, if required if there was some type of a recession or anything like that, but as I said earlier, we're not seeing anything like that in our bookings, and things just continue to stay strong.
Derek Kerr: I would say -- this is Derek. I would say no, I think our average debt is around 4% right now. So most of the higher price that we've paid off, it might be slightly higher of the old things we are going to pay off because most of it is aircraft that will include pension too. So we're going to take the pension down by about $3 billion in that calculation. So from an aircraft standpoint, it will be older aircraft that that is probably up in the 5% range, little bit higher than what our average cost of debt but not significantly higher.
Don Casey: This is Don. I will just add one more data timeframe and we really have performed the domestic business in the third quarter we have 12% and our best performing hub for unit revenue was Chicago.
Don Casey: Yes, this is Don. Again, if you go and look at our past year’s unit revenue performance this year in 2019, we did better than our [indiscernible] by 1 point based on guidance for 4Q that was based on the readiness in the pipeline this year, which also included our growing operation in Dallas, which we had in place, 1st of July. So as we look forward into 2020, we continue to have a pipeline of revenue initiatives. Obviously next year, big part of that is going to be the annualization of growth in Dallas, adding the growth in Charlotte, and we are going to be updating and adding seats to airplanes, which is going to be great thing to our revenue performance in 2020.
Don Casey: Yes. This is Don Casey. We've done quite a bit on the seat service. One is just introducing different products; the main Cabin Extra we’re going to relaunch with enhanced benefits a year ago, that has proven to be very successful. And again there are customers do have the willingness to pay right a bit more for their product. And that's what we're finding out in the marketplace. So we're continuing to expand the product portfolio for better products out there and provide better capabilities for customers to buy out into those better products. And we're seeing good demand. Seat fee revenue today is now our second largest ancillary revenue stream after bags.
Don Casey: It’s basically every additional charge that customer is willing to pay for a better seat on the airplane. So in the case of preferred seats, those are aisles and windows and close to the front. And they have an extra, extra leg room, free drink and better dedicated access to games and [indiscernible].
Don Casey: I will just ask Don that customers right now, I mean they like our product in Chicago and we’re seeing it in the numbers. I mentioned earlier in Chicago is the highest in any hub we have and we grew our corporate passenger volumes in Chicago in the third quarter by 7%. So customers like the product we have there right now.
