William Douglas Parker: Thank you, Dan. First off, I’d like to congratulate Dan. Dan was named investor -- Institutional Investor's Top IR Director, which he definitely deserves. So thanks for all you did to name Dan that. We're certainly proud of him and our program was named Best Investor Relations program thanks to Dan. I think it's because of how well you read that thing, Dan. But anyway, let's get started with our call.  We posted our earnings this morning, a fourth quarter profit of $21 million, a full year profit of $111 million. Now that's down from the full year 2010 profit of $447 million, but considering where fuel prices are, we're extremely pleased with these results. Indeed as we noted in the release, had average fuel prices just remained where they were in 2010, our 2011 fuel expense would have been $1.2 billion lower. So fuel expense was up $1.2 billion, but our profits were only $330 million lower. That's due to some very strong revenue growth and some impressive control of our nonfuel cost, and Scott and Derek will talk more about that in a moment.  Now before I do that though, I do want to take a moment and thank the hard-working team of 32,000 employees here at US Airways that made these results possible. The team did a phenomenal job. In the fourth quarter, we produced our best ever fourth quarter on-time performance, our highest completion factor, our lowest mishandled baggage ratio, and they did all of that, while we had record high load factors. So all in all, we are extremely happy with how we ended 2011 and 2012 is off to a great start. We're encouraged by continued strength of demand for our product, and we believe we are very well-positioned for the future.  So with that said, I'll turn it over to Derek to take you through some more detail of the numbers.
William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Derek. Thanks, Scott. Look, before we get into questions, I am aware that there’s a good bit of speculation about our company, and as it relates to AMR's bankruptcy and I’m aware that there are therefore, questions you guys may want to ask because indeed, many of you are paid to speculate. But in an effort to head some of that off and keep us on the focus of the day, which is our earnings and not speculation, I'm going to just -- I got a little statement here to read that I'll do and tell you what I can. And if you guys would hopefully use that as the answer to all the questions you may have, because that's going to be my answer to all the questions you have. We'll try to do it that way and head off any questions.  So at any rate, I mean, part of the reason -- I know part of the reason for speculation has been US Airways' historical comments on consolidation and being such proponents of consolidation, and the fact is we have been on record for a long time, about the needs for this industry to start earning a fair return on invested capital, and we've been on record that one of the ways to fix this problem is through consolidation.  That being said, the reality is a large amount of consolidation has already occurred in our business. We have a much less fragmented industry than we did when we merged America West and US Airways in 2005. And that industry consolidation has been a major contributor to the improved results that you see today at US Airways and throughout our industry. And furthermore, as today's results show, US Airways does not need to participate in consolidation. Our employees are running a terrific standalone airline, and we're generating financial returns that are similar to or better than our larger peers. We're extremely proud that the hard work of our team has gotten us into a position where we can control our own destiny. We can now decide whether it's best for US Airways to operate as a stand-alone company or participate in further consolidation over time, and that's what we intend to do. So while it's no longer imperative that our industry consolidate and it's definitely not imperative that US Airways participate in consolidation, we are of course always interested in studying potential in value-enhancing opportunities, and part of studying these opportunities is ensuring we have good counsel.  Therefore, as has been reported, we have indeed retained Barclays Capital, Milstein & Co. and Lathan and Watkins to help us explore our options as they relate to AMR's bankruptcy. We expect AMR will remain in bankruptcy for quite some time, and therefore, we anticipate that we and our advisors will be studying the situation for quite some time. And while we're studying the situation, we do not expect there will be any major developments, and we certainly have nothing to report today. What we are here to do is discuss our fourth quarter and full year results, and we appreciate it if you could these focus your questions on those results. So we'll see how that works. With that said, questions please.
William Douglas Parker: Gary, it's Doug. Where Scott ended, I think is the key. We bought, we say all the time now that we fly 99% of our flights. Now with this thought swap done, we have 99% of our flights flying in and out of either Charlotte, Phoenix, Philadelphia, DC or the shuttle. Those are markets where we have a competitive advantage. And there are some other airlines using the 99% number for where they fly, but they don't mention that they don't have competitive advantage in those markets. So we're flying where we have strength. And while the others have gotten bigger, they haven't gotten bigger where we're strong, and we know what we do well and we're going to keep doing what we do well and that makes a huge difference. Those who are exposed I think have been shown to be exposed. And those who got to where they had -- where they were sticking to their knitting and having competitive advantage do well.
William Douglas Parker: Let me start, Kevin, and then Scott can talk more about the demand. But I would just start by saying I disagree. I mean, this doesn’t feel anything like a cycle, this is a transformation of an industry over a relatively short period of time. I mean, just look at -- the easiest example for me anyway is if you look at 2008. Our oil prices in 2008 and 2011 are almost -- our jet fuel prices, US Airways, almost exactly the same, pennies apart. 2008, we lost $800 million; 2011, we just reported today, we earned $100 million. The economy -- that is not a cycle. The economy hasn't grown enough between 2008 and 2011 to drive that kind of change in performance. That's driven by a lot of things that we have done, the industry has done to make this a different business. Those include consolidation, flying to where you actually have competitive advantage and not flying we're you don't, capacity constraint, cost control, x fuel cost control, changing the pricing structure, all those things that make this businesses dramatically different than it was just 3 years ago. Having said that, I mean again, Scott can talk to where things could have a cycle [ph], but I think you’d be hard pressed to find businesses that have their highest cost component exactly the same as where it was 3 years ago, but are producing margins that are 10 points higher than where they were 3 years ago. The economy hasn't driven that. We have transformed the business.
William Douglas Parker: On labor, Glenn, we are in negotiations with our flight attendants, with the NMB's assistance and we're not done yet, but we're encouraged by the progress that both sides are making with NMB's help and we hope to have something done here before too long, but we're not done yet.
William Douglas Parker: We have contracts with every other group that are in place with the joint contracts, and that have been in place for a while and some of them are starting to expire but nothing is – nothing that...
William Douglas Parker: Yes, those are your words, not mine. But the pilots, yes, the one that's still open that -- the 2 are still opens are pilots and flight attendants. Flight attendants I talked about, and pilots, we're not making much progress, unfortunately because there’s a seniority dispute that still is being litigated between the 2 pilot groups and until we get that resolved, it's hard to get to a joint contract.
William Douglas Parker: Before they do, I just want to thank all the analysts who, by our request, didn't ask anything on -- so thank -- I really do appreciate it. And that's going to -- but we appreciate that, and remind the media of the same request.
William Douglas Parker: All right, great. Well, thanks, everybody, very much. We appreciate your interest and thanks again for listening in. If you have any further questions, just contact us on your Quickcomm or Investor Relations. Thanks very much.
J. Scott Kirby: Thanks, Derek. Before discussing the revenue environment, I'd like to also thank all of the employees of US Airways for all their hard work and the great airline that we’re running today. We had our best-ever operational results over the holidays and ran a great airline throughout the entire fourth quarter.  Turning to the revenue environment. I'll probably sound like a broken record from our last 2 earnings calls. We're pleased with the 11% year-over-year increase in passenger RASM. Both leisure and business demand were strong throughout the quarter. We simply did not see any evidence of macroeconomic weakness in our business. And that was true even across the Atlantic, with transatlantic RASM up 12% year-over-year, which slightly outpaced the strong domestic performance. As we’ve speculated on our last 2 earnings calls, if you take a step back, it appears that the underlying economy is better than the macro headlines would lead you to believe. Certainly, airline revenues are performing well, and from a broader perspective, corporate earnings remain generally good and most economic data is okay.  Turning to the outlook going forward. The new year has started off strong for both leisure and business demand. As an example, the second week of January is typically the largest booking week of the year, as leisure travelers begin planning spring break and summer vacation, while business travelers return from the holidays and make their initial plans for business travel in the new year.  Our booked revenue was up 35% year-over-year in that week. Additionally, booked corporate revenue is up almost 30% year-to-date in 2012. Business demand, in particular, remains quite strong. If anything, the new year has seen a step-up in business demand from the already strong levels that we saw in the second half of 2010 -- or sorry, 2011. As a result of the strong demand environment, the pricing environment also remains strong and the industry is successfully recovering high fuel prices. Regionally, we expect the Atlantic to continue slightly outperforming the domestic entity for US Airways.  As we move forward, we're overlapping numerous fare increases from last year, but the year-over-year comps do start to get a little more difficult. That said, we expect both January and February RASM to be up about 10%. With the tougher comps and higher leisure focus, we'd expect March RASM to be up a little less but still in the high single digits. So in conclusion, we really haven't seen any signs of a slowdown in demand. In fact, it's quite the opposite with the robust pricing and demand environment. With that, I'll turn it back to Doug.
J. Scott Kirby: Okay. Yes, we think $75 million improved P&L is still a good number. That starts once the full Washington schedule is implemented, which happens in June. So it’ll take a little – it’ll take a short while to ramp. But it’ll ramp up pretty quick. So mostly by the third and fourth quarter, we'll have that full benefit in. And it's really early to say what's going to happen in terms of the new routes. They're mostly business-oriented routes out of Washington D.C. and they have a booking curve that's very close in. So we aren't really into the booking curve for those routes yet. But I feel pretty confident that we'll achieve the $75 million in annual improvement that we forecast 3 years ago.
J. Scott Kirby: The big schedule changes that Southwest is making in Atlanta haven't happened yet. I think though to the extent they do de-hub Atlanta, that is beneficial to us for connecting traffic, equally beneficial to Delta, but to both of us, because we compete for those same traffic flows in the Southeast. But we haven't really seen much change yet, although anticipated. There's 6 cities that Southwest has pulled out of entirely. So I anticipate that, that will be a positive benefit for us. But it's a little early to have actual results yet.
J. Scott Kirby: I do know you know a lot about pricing, Jamie. There's been at least one substantive increase this year where fares over 1,500 miles went up $10 one way, $20 round-trip. That's one of the larger increases that's gone through in the past 18 months. So that was significant. But probably even more important has been the more muted fare sale activity. And while it’s hard to see, a newspaper article written about there's no fare sale this year on January x and there was last year. The fact that there is no fare sale or it's at higher prices had a much larger impact on yield and RASM than simply having a fare increase. So I think the continued yield increases and RASM increases are at least somewhat attributable to a strong demand environment, which is leading to a more muted fare sale environment.
J. Scott Kirby: We're seeing strength largely across the board. The financials have been a little weaker for us than the others, though booked corporate revenue is still up. But really, we're seeing strength across the board both in terms of same-store sales and in growing corporate revenue. One particular success story for us is across the Atlantic where our corporate revenue originating out of Europe was actually up just under 50% in the last quarter. So we've done a fantastic job of winning corporate market share out of Europe, but we're really seeing strength across the board from an industry perspective.
J. Scott Kirby: I don't think so. I mean, I think we're seeing really, strength across the board. And if we looked at market by market, whether it was corporate revenue or RASM in total, it's much more driven by capacity and what's happening from a capacity perspective at an industry level, without saying there's been a change in the competitive profile of one airline versus another.
J. Scott Kirby: I think it's a tribute to the entire sales team. Our new -- or not really new at this point but the Senior Vice President of sales, Andrew Nocella who took over running that group a couple of years ago, convinced us that we needed to invest more in Europe, and it became clear that it was going to take longer, that United and Continental had a lot of work to do on their merger and it's going to take longer to begin substantive JV discussions. We made more of a push to rely on our own sales force, so doing it through the Star Alliance. And then finally, the new lie-flat envoy seats that we have, have been a huge hit with customers and are starting to move market share as well because of the quality of the product.
J. Scott Kirby: There's no conscious shift to load factor first model certainly at US Airways nor do I think that's true at an industry level. I do think the industry would probably have higher RASM if we ran slightly lower load factors. That said, I don't think it's going to change. I think we're going to continue to squeeze out ever-increasing load factors. Loads are at a level today that a decade ago, I think, none of us would have said was possible to achieve on a full year basis. But I think loads are going to continue to go up along with yields. Some of that is better yield management and ability -- and better rightsizing of the network to demand, both in terms of mix of fleet, which we do and others do as well, but also, putting the right kinds of airplane on the right routes. And finally, I'd add one thing that we and the industry have done is the difference between our peak and trough capacity is much larger today than it ever was historically. We used to basically just run the same schedule 7 days a week with a few cancellations on Saturday. We have much more variability in our schedules, and we fly a lot more capacity on peak days and in peak months than we did historically and we fly less in the off peaks. And so that's also helping raise load factors across the industry.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I think if you went and ranked hubs by profit margin or even dollar profitability perhaps, Charlotte and Atlanta -- Charlotte for us and Delta -- Atlanta for Delta are almost certainly in the top 10, if not, top 5. So very successful hubs. And ones that do well and continue to do well even with the capacity. They're the 2 hubs that serve the large Southeast region so there's a much larger catchment area than just Atlanta and Charlotte and those hubs have done really well. What we've done is redeployed capacity from non-core markets, places like Pittsburgh, Las Vegas, LaGuardia, Boston into our other hubs, in our focus cities, and mostly that has gone into Charlotte, and that's been a big success for us and we're very happy with that.
J. Scott Kirby: I don't know. We haven't really focused on it. We’ve mostly focused on our own standalone prospects, and we have a great relationship with Star, and it's very positive and beneficial to US Airways, and we think we bring also a lot of value to our Star partners. And we're pretty happy with where we are today to the extent that there is an opportunity for us to join the JV, and that makes economic sense better for US Airways and for our partners as well. I mean, that's something we'd do, but it's not the top priority.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, the plus 35% in terms of bookings, I just used, because it's illustrative. Obviously, we're not going to continue to run up 35% going forward. That was a booked yield that was up about 10% and the rest of it came in terms of booking volume, which was spread out across the booking curve. I read that as indicative of an economy that is stronger than any of the media give the economy credit for, both in terms of leisure demand which obviously, to be up 35%, we had bookings spread across the entire booking curve that was strong on demand. And then also for business demand, which has been particularly strong, I mean, is more near term-oriented. So as we've come into the new year, historically, we’ve seen in the new year that sometimes businesses -- new budgets come out, and they have retrenched in the past so they've stepped up. If anything, it feels like they've stepped up this year. So I just view that more not as a specific numerical target that you could use to come up with a forecast or an analysis of what demand is going to be this year, but more a qualitative indication that demand is very strong and continues to be strong.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I think one, you look back at the back half of the year, demand was strong across the board for us and for all airlines. So demand was strong across the board. If anything, I think you could make a case coming into the new year that corporate demand is -- in particular, is taking a step up and that is consistent with new budgets coming out. And we've seen that in the past that either they took a step down or a step up as you moved into new year. And so perhaps you've seen that. I think it's a little too early to say that definitively. But certainly, the early indications are that corporate demand may have taken a step-up as we've come into the new year.
J. Scott Kirby: The comps do start to get harder really every month as we move forward. There's a little bit of up and down variation. I'm going from memory, I think June was a weaker comp than May and July of last year, but the comps do start to get harder. There were a number of fare increases that were going through in rapid fire succession at this time last year. So that's going to be harder, but the fundamental demand environment remains strong. So I'd be reluctant to give a precise forecast, but I think we're going to continue probably not to see double-digit year-over-year increases in RASM but very strong high single-digit year-over-year increases in RASM kind of for as far out as we can forecast.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, I think we've done a good job of maintaining and growing our corporate and elite travelers share. And I think the data supports that. Some of that is specific to things that we've done at US Airways, running a great operation, improving the product, envoy seats. And some of that is because you don't have to be the largest, necessarily, global airline to be successful, but you need to be #1 in your local markets. This is a network business, and in a network business, if you're #2 in a local competitive market, that's a really tough place to be, because you're competing with an airline or a competitor that has a few extra connections on that flight, which means they have a few extra customers. And in a low-margin business, having 1 or 2 more customers, connecting customers per flight makes a huge difference. And we’re fortunate in that we're #1 in all of our focus cities. And that helps us compete for corporate accounts. And while we can't beat everything to a corporate account and take them everywhere in the world as perhaps, Delta and United can, for many corporate accounts, we can be by far the best option for them. And so the fact that we're strong where we fly has been a big help to us.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, I agree with Doug that this has been a transformation of the business. And to the extent -- you talked about the cycle. Look at where the economy was in 2010 and 2011, and US Airways in an industry that produced, would be probably 15%, 16% increase in RASM over the last 2 years. So huge increases in revenue, far outpacing the change in GDP in the U.S. And I have a chart somewhere that details this. I don't have it sitting in front of me, so I apologize if these numbers aren't exactly right, but I think if you go back and look at it from a broader perspective, at the time of de-regulation, airline revenues were something like 1.5% of GDP. They declined all the way down to almost 0.6% of GDP in 2009. They’ve now bounced back to 0.67% of GDP. But still, very far below what I would argue is the industry potential, which is -- the potential is a closer to where it was at the time of de-regulation. And look, we're never going to get back to 1.4% of GDP, I don't think. But 0.67%, which is where we were in 2011 is the third lowest year on record. And I think you're seeing an industry that's more return-oriented, less market share-oriented. And as a result, we’re starting to return to recover some of that revenue potential that the industry has sacrificed over the past few years. To the extent you want to talk about cyclicality, I would say one, 2011 was a weak year for GDP and so hard to ascribe that to cyclicality. Perhaps the step increase that we're starting to see in 2012 is cyclicality and recovery in business traffic. I think you can make the case for some of that step-function increase is maybe an improving economy in 2012, but the results to-date I think are not. And hopefully, that's right that the economy is improving and revenues are going to improve at an even faster clip than they did last year.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we get frustrated with some of the provisions like the fact that we're having to display our fares inclusive of taxes. One of the only products at least that I ever buy that includes the taxes in the fare. But I don't think those things are nearly as dramatic as what you suggest. The more worrisome thing that happens with government is taxes and already, one of the most heavily taxed industries and remarkable because it's an industry that does so much for -- is a facilitator of economic growth and activity around the country. And the fact that there are proposals to increase taxes on the industry seem backwards to us and to A4A, because they'll do -- have exactly the opposite impact on the economy that we want to have and cost jobs and retard the economy as opposed to allowing it to move forward. But that's the area I think that we would be most concerned about from a regulatory perspective.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, I mean, what I worry the most about on that is that because the onerous and very high taxes are no longer explicitly laid out for the customer, it becomes a lot easier for the government to raise the taxes, because it's the airlines that look bad and not the government. And so I worry less about the price elasticity effect, because that's already embedded. Customers already pay those taxes, so I don't think it dramatically changes customer demand. But it just makes it easier for the government to raise taxes because the airlines are the ones that look like the guys raising fare as opposed to the government.
J. Scott Kirby: Actually we'll still be a very large carrier in LaGuardia. I think we'll have -- we estimate we'll be 11% of LaGuardia, although I'm doing that number from memory from when we started this transaction which is 3 years ago, so it could be wrong. But we'll still be a very large carrier. And from a facilities perspective, we're giving, or part of the transaction Delta is taking over part of our terminal, but we're going to stay there and we'll be there for the long term.
J. Scott Kirby: Latin was up 15%, which -- and domestic was up close to 12% as well. It's a mix of length of haul and growth rate that gets you to 11% overall. But those are the numbers.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, there's constantly opportunity to optimize and improve the network and demand is changing, and competitive capacity is changing. So I think there's always opportunity to improve. There's not likely to be anything like the DCA slot swap because we were down to our core competitive capacity. But I think our team has done a fantastic job of optimizing capacity, not only where we fly, but also getting the right aircraft on the right route and getting the best economics for various fleet types and that’ll continue going forward.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes. I’d just say, Ted, this is not a 0 -- your question implies that this was a 0 sum negotiation. It was not 0 sum deal. This is one of those cases that’s a win, win, win. Delta is better off, because of their -- because of the network effects in LaGuardia. We are better off because the network effects in DCA and because of that, consumers are also better off. This is one of those situations, and it happens mostly in network businesses, where a trade like this is a win for both of our companies and a win for consumers.
Stephen L. Johnson: I know that there's been a lot in the paper, particularly in Philadelphia about the discussions about airport expansion there. And as we've said in the paper, and we'll say again here, our objective is to reach an agreement with the city of Philadelphia that works for the city and works for the airlines and put us into a position to continue to expand our hub in Philadelphia. That's our plan.
Stephen L. Johnson: Did we talk -- I think we talked about this on the last earnings call where there was a question raised because Republic had just made some announcement with respect to this. But you remember that what we said then and the transaction was originally a loan by Republic to US Airways, I think, the actual pre-merger US Airways. And that loan was collateralized by 113 slots at Washington National and some other stuff. And what we did in December was to pay off that loan and release the collateral. So we paid -- we repaid the $48 million loan to Republic and the collateral was released, and we now have it free and clear.
Stephen L. Johnson: It’ll be mostly be reallocated. A lot of it goes in DC and there's a few more flights in Charlotte. So it's being reallocated.
