William Douglas Parker: Excellent. Thank you, Dan, and thanks, everybody, for being on here. We this morning reported the highest quarterly profit in American Airlines' long proud history, $1.9 billion excluding net charges for the quarter. Obviously, very pleased with these results. Particularly proud of the fact that over the last six or seven days, our team has migrated all of our reservations on to one system, something that is a key milestone for our customers and the fact that we now have one – we are now selling under one brand, but a really key milestone for our team. This is an issue that other airlines have stumbled at in the past in their migration. Our team did it flawlessly. This was by far the largest and most complex, one of these integration initiatives, that it had to take place. So we couldn't be happier. This is further evidence of what this team is doing to build the greatest airline in the world. Maya Leibman is here as is Robert Isom, the two people whose teams had the most to do with this. They'd be the first to tell you it wasn't them, however, but their teams. So, I just want to use this opportunity to thank everyone that was involved in this project and the entire 100,000 people of American Airlines who are working to build the greatest airline in the world, and they're showing everyday that we are well on our way to do that. The result of all that, the financial results, the phenomenal integration work, everything else was going on including great operations the team are now running are evidence of the fact that we are well on our way to building the greatest airline in the world. We know we have a lot of work to do, but we are very bullish on our future. That bullishness is evidenced in the fact that we repurchased $1.56 billion of common stock in the quarter, 38.4 million shares. And we're happy to return that value to our shareholders through share repurchases because we think that's the right thing to do. As we generate profits, the first thing we do is make sure we invest it in the airline. We are doing that, producing very nice returns with that capital, making sure we reduce the debt at the same time but then to the extent there's cash left over. And certainly, at a time when we think the market isn't recognizing the value we produce, we use it to repurchase shares. So that's what happened this quarter. Those are the highlights. I will turn it over now to Derek who will give you a lot more detail followed by Scott. Thanks.
William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Scott. And then I have one last thing for you. The question just – it turns out today is a big day in commercial aviation history, which people may not know. It's Scott's 20-year anniversary with our company today. October 23, 1995, Scott Kirby joined America West Airlines as Senior Director of Scheduling & Planning. So anyway, I had joined America West like five months before that, so I've been working with Scott now for 20 years and he's a young guy. He's got 20 years left, but I'll just use this opportunity to point out. Anyway, we're happy he joined 20 years ago. He's the best in the business. He's a driver of change and has been a driver of change in a business that's needed it dearly. And we wouldn't be here without him. The result is that people of America West, U.S. Airways and American Airlines are all in much better shape than they would have been had Scott chosen to do something else 20 years ago. So we're glad he did. Thanks, Scott. Congratulations.
William Douglas Parker: Okay. Look, this is Doug, I'll start. Again, as we told you in the last quarter, we look particularly in times when it feels – we do not do this on a systematic basis as some companies I know do. We came into the merger with more cash than certainly our peers and arguably excess cash. We, however, knew we needed to get through a complex integration and, therefore, wanted to hold a good bit of cash to make sure that we were confident that all is going well. We clearly have passed that threshold. At this point, what we do is as the company can use it to earn cash and produce cash, we first invest in the business. We are doing that on a pretty large scale and doing so in a way our investors would be proud because we're producing nice returns on what we are investing your capital in. Having done that, we look to pay down any high cost debt. We have done that and now are actually borrowing at rates that we simply can't ignore and believe are rates that we should borrow at. On aircraft, for example, I think, as Derek noted, we closed the EETC this past quarter at $1 billion at something around 3.8%. So we don't think it makes sense to use our cash to purchase the airplanes but rather that we should borrow it at those rates because we could produce higher returns for you at those rates – than those rates. That leaves us with cash on hand that still is in excess of what we need. And we don't think the right thing to do with it for you is to leave it in our bank account but rather to return it to you. And we try to do that really efficiently. So what that means is, in times like last quarter when we went through and we may go again, and there are people wondering if the industry has changed or not and such things and whether or not these type of results can continue, and our view may be different than the market. We like to use those opportunities to purchase our shares at levels that are less than we believe they were. So you put all that together and you get to numbers like this. Therefore, it's really hard to tell you what it's going to be like in the future because it's not systemic. It's based on what we have left to do – what we have in excess remaining and what we feel about the relative value at the time. So a really long way of me telling you it's going to be maybe perhaps hard for you to project in the future, but I can tell you this. We're committed to returning value to our shareholders. And to the extent we have excess cash and to the extent we believe the market isn't giving us full value for what we plan to do, we'll repurchase shares.
William Douglas Parker: So, look, only because Scott's going to get angry eventually if people keep suggesting we don't know what we're doing.
William Douglas Parker: No, no. Helane, you were very kind about it, but let me just try and – let me just from my perspective tell you that what I think Scott said in detail was at a global level. The 20 years of experience Scott brings is going into this analysis as well, and we are not constrained by systems, we are not constrained by intellect. And indeed, we know what we're doing and we're extremely comfortable with what we're doing. We have to be careful when we talk about pricing in the future, but we're perfectly comfortable telling you that the same people that have gotten us this far who are the best pricing yield management people in the business are managing pricing yield management in American right now and are not constrained by systems and have not suddenly changed the way they look at analyses. But the reality is all the things Scott said, which are this is non-stop service, we will and need to compete on price on non-stop service. So to the extent any of our competitors are suggesting that maybe we had – that we've lost sight of this, they're incorrect. And you guys know enough to know that so long as we're focused on it, we're going to be doing it better than anybody else and we are. So, you guys can keep asking these questions, but we really know what we're doing, and Scott and his team know what they're doing, and we are going to continue doing what we're doing.
William Douglas Parker: Thanks, Scott. And then, Duane, you didn't specifically ask us, but your comments about fuel prices being so low give me the opportunity to make a comment, to make some points I've wanted to make. I referenced in my opening comments about how – we, on the last call, went through the points about whether the industry is indeed different. So, I want to point out this on fuel. The reality is, Brent oil prices this year are going to average to something around $55 a barrel. In 2005, Brent averaged $55 a barrel. The economic cycle for 2005, and you guys decide, but it was a pretty good year in the economic cycle. So the two things that we as airlines that really affect our profitability that are outside our control, the economic cycle and fuel prices, were very similar in 2005 as they are in 2015. In 2005, this industry lost $28 billion. In 2015, we're going to make something close to $20 billion. This business is not the same. It's dramatically different. People that are worried that, oh, my gosh, now that fuel prices have fallen, here go fares falling and what are the airlines going to do, it's the old business again, are missing the point and are missing what has happened. This business has dramatically transformed. Fuel prices fall, indeed. It does make sense for some capacity to come in that does result in prices falling. But if you think this is the old business, you're just not paying attention. And I know you didn't say it, Duane, so I'm not saying that to you directly. But anyone that suggests that just isn't paying attention. Just go look at what's happened over 10 years and what's happened over 10 years is there have been five big mergers. And as a result, we got a business now that's still intensely competitive, but actually can produce returns for investors and we're doing that. So, anyway, that was just a gratuitous commentary from me. Thanks.
William Douglas Parker: And Tom, it's extremely important part of the world for American Airlines. We're the largest carrier to Brazil and the South America so it's – we've cut back as Scott said 30%, but that is not a market we're going to abandon because it's so important strategically to us.
J. Scott Kirby: Thanks, Derek. I'd like to start by also adding my thanks to all the people at American Airlines for the truly fantastic job that they've been doing operationally and for the great work that everyone did to make the cut over to a new reservation system. That's a success that was largely seamless for our customers. As most of you know, moving to single res system is probably the biggest technical training system and process hurdle that airlines face after a merger and our teams led by Maya Leibman, our CIO, and Robert Isom, our Chief Operating Officer, just did a fantastic job. In fact, in the first day, five days since the cut-over happened, we've run an 89.4% on-time performance and a 99.95% completion factor. So while we're proud of the job the team did on the cut-over, we're also quite proud of the strong operational result that American Airlines is producing prior to cut-over and continued producing since then. Our system on-time arrival rate and completion factor in September and October are the best that we have in our records which go back to 2000. At our largest hub, DFW, we've made significant strides in running a reliable operation since we rebanked the hub, including a 10-point improvement in our departures within zero minute of scheduled time, a 9-point improvement on time performance, and a 99.9% completion factor. So, a big thanks to the team at DFW for the great results. I could go on and on, but I'll just close this section by saying thanks to all the people of American Airlines who've done such a great job in completing the reservation systems cut-over. At the same time, they're running a fantastic operation. On the revenue front, our third quarter PRASM was down 6.8%. Domestically, PRASM was down 7.6%. And we saw the strongest performance in New York and Charlotte and the weakest performance in hubs that have a greater share of international connecting traffic into the domestic system. Internationally, the stronger U.S. dollar and declining international fuel surcharges made up 2.7 points of our total system PRASM decline, but we saw additional weakness beyond currencies in Asia and Latin America. The Atlantic was our strongest region where PRASM was down 5.6%, and this decline was mostly explained by the stronger U.S. dollar. Across the Pacific, PRASM was down 11.3% with weakness in both Japan and China, the flat year-over-year PRASM in South Korea and Hong Kong. LatAm PRASM was down 10.4%, but as has been for a while now, that weakness is concentrated in Brazil and Venezuela where PRASM was down 25% and 46%, respectively. Looking forward, we expect the fourth quarter to look similar to the third quarter with the same factors that drove the decline in Q3 continuing into Q4. We project the currency and surcharge declines will impact system PRASM by 2.1 points in Q4, which is down from 2.7 points in Q3 as we're beginning to overlap the time when the dollar started strengthening last year. We continue to see significant year-over-year competitive growth in Dallas as Southwest completed their final expansion at Love Field. And in South America, we don't see any improvement yet on the horizon. The revenue environment doesn't seem to have gotten any worse, but there aren't yet any signs of improvement. We don't realistically expect any improvement in South America until the Brazilian economy turns around. Given all that, we expect our system PRASM to decline 5% to 7% year-over-year in 4Q. In conclusion, we passed a significant milestone in the integration this quarter. We're very proud of the job that the entire team at American Airlines has done in getting the res system integrated and beginning to produce record operational results. There's still a lot of hard work left to do to finish the integration of the remaining systems and processes. But passing this milestone is a huge achievement and lets us begin or turn our energies, time and resources to innovating and continuing to make American Airlines a better airline for our employees, our customers and our shareholders.
J. Scott Kirby: As Derek said, it's really driven by two things: One is adding service into Australia, which is a big chunk of it. And the other one is gauge on aircraft. And we are behind – we intended to have more aircraft regauged for 2015 to 2016 and 2015. And one of our seat manufacturers got way behind on producing seat, and so some of that slipped. And so up-gauging that we originally expected to occur in 2015 is now going to occur in 2016 or is going to occur for 2016. That's really what's driving it as opposed to the macroeconomic. It's really just a delay in getting the gauge changed on some of the aircraft.
J. Scott Kirby: ...as I think you know, it's a little bit of a simplistic analysis when you just try to tie fuel savings to what's falling straight to bottom line because it's ignoring everything else that is happening. But it's a fair point for you to make, although it really comes down to the relationship of RASM to fuel price and what's happening with relative RASM performance. And on that front, our relative RASM we're forecasting is going to be down compared to what Delta and United have in the fourth quarter. One of the reasons for that, of course, is credit card deals. All three of our big major competitors have credit card deals on a year-over-year basis that have RASM flowing through to the bottom line. We don't have a new credit card deal.
J. Scott Kirby: And the other ones, or probably the two big ones at least, are Brazil and Love Field, which are disproportionately affecting us. One other point I'd make, it doesn't matter from the sequential third quarter to fourth quarter. But on a year-over-year basis, we did sign the new five-year labor contracts with pilots and flight attendants. Again, something that's impacting us, but it impacts the third quarter as well as the fourth quarter. All that said, we feel really excited that we're now through the integration. It's hard to pinpoint a number and it's hard to tell you exactly what is going to change. But the reality is that we had a lot of constraints embedded in the revenue management systems and our distribution systems. A lot of things – and even just resource constraints of people spending eight hours a day working on the res system integration and then trying to do their day job after they finished all their work on res system integration. So I can't put specific numbers on it, but I feel pretty optimistic that we've been held back a little bit. We've done it to ourselves, as we focus really on having a successful reservation systems integration. And now being able to turn our full attention in those groups to optimizing revenue, I believe, will lead to relative outperformance. Now, we still are going to have the kind of headwinds of credit card deal in Brazil and Love Field to deal with. But at least relative to where we are right now, I certainly hope that we are going to start outperforming even more.
J. Scott Kirby: So revenue performance in markets where low cost or ultra low cost carriers are growing are clearly performing worse than in markets that don't have that. But a similar story is true in markets if there's a lot of legacy carrier ASM growth, we also have lower RASM performance. Of course, the low-cost carriers have been growing more, so there's more markets that are subject to that. There has, however, I think – this is a trend that's been going on for 15 years at least. As there are more and more markets that have low-cost carriers flying in them, there are just more and more markets that are impacted even beyond that. So we have thousands of markets that we consider drive markets, Greensboro, North Carolina, that the pricing in Greensboro, even though it doesn't have low-cost carrier service, is impacted by Raleigh-Durham, which the airports are, I think, 55 miles apart. The customers have indicated willingness to drive. So I think that the vast majority of pricing, probably north of 85% of domestic pricing, is really either directly or indirectly influenced by low-cost carrier pricing, which means as they're growing, it's affecting not just the 2% or 3% of revenue in markets that they're in, but it's affecting a much – it does affect a much bigger piece of the pie.
J. Scott Kirby: It's not an IT question, but thank you for the question, Hunter. And I don't agree with all the premises of at least you representing our view in the question.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, more broadly, I'll talk about because I get this question a lot. I do get this question a lot from investors about – I would summarize it as, why are you matching ultra low cost carriers' price. And for what it's worth, we're doing – to start, we're doing what's best for American Airlines and for American Airlines shareholders, for our customers, and that's the premise that we do every day from. I have started asking investors when they ask me that question, if they own shares of Spirit Airlines, and so far, 100% of them have been honest enough to acknowledge that yes, they do. And so we're not trying to do things that helps Spirit. We're trying to do things that are better for American Airlines. This, however, is not something that's just about Spirit. Most people ask it about in that context because they happen to own shares in Spirit. But we're competing the same against Frontier and Volaris and Norwegian Air Shuttle and carriers around the world. Essentially what we're doing is anytime that we are competing with a nonstop carrier, nonstop-to-nonstop, we're going to compete and match their prices. And the reason is because those carriers are relevant, and we have many customers who are willing to fly them. A statistic that when I told people they find somewhat amazing is that 87% of the people that have flown American Airlines in the last year flew us only one time. So 87% of our unique customers fly us one time for a year or less, and they represent over 50% of our revenue. While there are a lot of our customers who want to have a lie-flat seat to fly in the transcon market or who want a lie-flat seat to fly when they go overseas and are willing to pay a premium for a better product. We have that 50% of customers who are very infrequent travelers who fly us once per year – 50% of our revenue who fly us once per year or less, for whom air travel is largely a commodity, and I wish it wasn't that way, but it is. And you can see it. I'll give you some more stats in a minute about how much Spirit and Frontier and others have grown and how successful they can be in getting those customers to move off of us if we don't match their prices. And so, 50% of our customers are up for grabs. We have to compete for them. We can't just walk away from that size of the business.
J. Scott Kirby: 50% of revenue, sorry. And if you look at what's happened, it gives you some clarity on how those customers have moved to low-cost carriers. In Dallas, for example, before American filed bankruptcy, Spirit served three markets out of Dallas. Today, they serve – they have over 50 flights a day in 25 markets. In Chicago, they've grown to 24 markets with over 60 flights per day. In Dallas, Spirit at DFW is our number two competitor. They are larger than either Delta or United. In Chicago, they're the number three competitor. They're larger than Delta in Chicago. In those 25 routes in Dallas that Spirit flies, they have 20% market share, huge market share. But you have to understand this, when Spirit flies a flight, they carry all local passengers. So one Spirit flight is the equivalent of about three American Airlines flights, because we carry so many connecting flights. So if they fly a market twice a day, that's the equivalent of American Airlines flying six times a day in terms of the amount of passengers that they carry. Also, we have larger overlap. If you measure our overlap as our domestic ASMs that have non-stop competition from someone, 28% of our domestic ASMs have non-stop competition with Spirit. That is much larger than our domestic overlap with Delta and United. Frontier, similar. Frontier, before American filed bankruptcy, had 1% overlap with the American Airlines networks, and they've grown that by 1000% and they now have 11% overlap. Similar statistics, they're not as large because of the markets, but in some of the international markets where Volaris has grown into many markets. And so given that 50% of our revenue is up for grabs in these markets and that these carriers have had so much success when they weren't matched, we know that we have to match their fares. This isn't something that's unique to ultra-low-cost carriers. We match Delta. We match United. We match Air France. We match every carrier that we compete with around the globe. But if we are going to fly head to head and compete non-stop to non-stop with any carrier around the globe, we are going to be competitive and match their prices.
J. Scott Kirby: So thanks for the follow-up because there are good points that I didn't make. One, so we are trying to be precise about where we have seats available. And what we've seen so far, and I'm sure we can fine tune it, but we're pretty happy with our results so far, in markets where we've matched ultra-low-cost carriers, our RASM performance has been the same as it has been in the rest of our domestic system. So we've performed just as well. What we've done is we're running much higher load factors, particularly on formerly off-peak flights. We've done a really good job so far of directing that traffic to formerly off-peak flights running higher load factors, running lower yields. But our RASM performance even in the short-term has been equivalent to the RASM performance we've had in the rest of the system. And there probably are opportunities to fine-tune it, but that's normal course of business stuff that we do, and it's not going to be a meaningful change in terms of the number of seats. One thing longer term that we would like to do, I talked earlier about further disaggregating the product is, and we haven't been able to do this yet because we've been getting through integration, but we are going to go to a product that has different attributes. And so that the attributes that you get if you buy ultra-low cost carrier competitive fare are going to be different. I'm not going to give you all of the attributes that will be different today because we'll wait till we're ready to announce it. But that's something that we hope to have in place in 2016, which will have two benefits for us. One, it will allow us to compete with the ultra-low-cost carriers. And for that 50% of revenue and 87% of the customers that are up for grabs, it will allow us to offer them a product that's competitive on price with ultra-low-cost carriers. But also, for our customers that want a better product and our frequent flyers that want better seats on the airplane, we can give them the choice of not paying that fare and getting a better product. But we're not going to have that in place until sometime in 2016. And in the interim, we can't just walk away from competing with Delta or United or Air France of WestJet or Frontier, any of those carriers. And so, we're going to keep competing and knowing that we have upside later to come sometime in 2016.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, it's still profitable, but it's not improving. But it's enough that we thought it was – that it would be incrementally profitable to serve New York, even though RASM is down 46%. It's still a profitable market, however.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I think we are that clever. And look, we're doing the exact same kind of stuff. The big thing that we did that I think you're referencing at America West was we stopped matching connecting fares that were really low. So the example I used to use with Wall Street was I looked at a pricing display and saw Orlando to Seattle for $79 in the summer. And I looked out at our August – or our July FPS from the previous year and we had run at 96% load factor between Orlando and Phoenix and a 97% load factor between Phoenix and Seattle. And so why would we ever want to sell a $79 fare between Orlando and Seattle? So that's where it started. But we've never done that in our non-stop market. It's one of the great things about running a hub-and-spoke airline is you can be willing to not be price-competitive in a connecting market that doesn't make sense for you and pick the connecting markets where fares are okay and continue to be competitive in the local markets. But you can't walk away from competition in a local market because it's too important to – it's always the largest segment of O&D traffic flows in the market. And secondly, you walk away from a long-term relationship with the customer to be in the AAdvantage program, even people that are flying once a day right now, getting them on American experiencing our fantastic product, experiencing the new aircraft that we have, because someday that might be a customer that's an Executive Platinum customer. And so we're not going to ever walk away in the local market, though we are willing to walk away in connecting markets.
J. Scott Kirby: Duane, we are not deciding to lose money. We aren't losing money. And I suspect that your Econ 101 class they taught you that you don't sell everything at the average cost. We sell a lot of tickets below our average cost because they are quite profitable on the airline. It all adds up to a profitability. But our variable costs are not the same as our average cost. And as the statistics already gave you, in these markets, once we've gone to matching their prices, we've actually had performance that's been either in line or better than the rest of the system. And so we feel really good about it. Every single market that we are matching any low cost carrier is profitable. They're nicely profitable. They're some of the most profitable markets in our system. And you can see that that adds up to 17% plus margins in this quarter. So it's working really well.
J. Scott Kirby: So the question on fuel actually, I think if fuel prices went up, our ability to compete is improved because fuel as a percentage of cost is much bigger for low-cost carriers. And so their average cost advantage declined as fuel price goes up. So our ability to compete gets better in a higher fuel price environment. And as to the longer term question, I tried to answer it once before, but we will do more to disaggregate the product and really have a product that has less frills, comes with a really cheap price, and we're going to do more to have products for the brand for that. Less than half of customers who fly us more than once – or that less than half of revenue from customers who are more frequent travelers who want the premium product and who want to pay for the brand, and who want a better experience, we're going to be able to give them the choice of having that, but it will be sometime in 2016 before we can do that.
J. Scott Kirby: Our long-term game plan is to compete with every airline that flies that we need to compete with, which includes every airline that we are competing head-to-head nonstop with, is the long-term plan. And, as to the Spirit 4% point, it's a bad statistic, because included in your statistic is the amount of customers that are flying from Dallas to Abilene, a market that Spirit is not in. The relevant statistic is the 25 markets that Spirit flies, they have 20% market share, and any other statistic is irrelevant.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we'll see how it evolves. Where we are today is we're happy with – look, I'll start with the GDSs have a network that works all the links built. And so to the extent we're paying a reasonable price, we are happy to go through the GDSs and work with GDSs. All of the debate is about price. And our frustration, not shared just at American but I think a lot of airlines' frustration is, it's one of the few places in technology where prices have gone up a lot over the last 20 years because they've got monopoly market power in some cases. That said, we'd like to work with the GDSs on doing things like selling our ancillary products. And we want them to sell it. It's good for our customers, it's good for their customers, the travel agencies, and then the customers that are flying that they represent. And so we're trying to do that. I think we're still all jointly figuring out how the GDS and distribution model evolve. But at least where we are today, I thank Sabre for getting this product out there. It's good for their customers, it's good for our customers, and it's nice that we've been able to find some common ground and work on something that's good for both of our respective customers.
J. Scott Kirby: I could tell you, conceptually, though, we've had a little bit of decline – some of those lines have declined a little bit as we've done things like maybe credit program, both credit card programs, first bag. So, if there's anything driving the decline, it's been a change as we've integrated to have the same set of benefits for all of our customers.
J. Scott Kirby: It is a meaningful number. We haven't disclosed any specific margin or dollars associated with it. But we are rapidly swapping out the 50 seat and smaller regional jets and going to the larger regional jets which – the economics are great. And while we're running high load factors, we can feed more traffic onto our mainline network, feed more traffic onto our international flights and really helps the whole network get much better. It is one of the big contributors and will continue to be going forward as we continue that re-fleeting exercise.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we've cut 30% of our capacity in Brazil. And so, we continue to look at the market, but we don't have any imminent plans to cut. We've cut 30%, but total capacity in the market is still up quite a bit and I think we're just, at the moment, hanging in there with what we have.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we have the best partner across Atlantic in IAG and specifically in JFK. Heathrow, the partnership that we have with British Airways, we're doing quite well. We've increased share in that market and we're more than holding on our own against all competitors in that market.
J. Scott Kirby: It's not so much a system change. The increase in load factor, well, we'll start across the wo whole industry, we all get better at squeezing people onto off-peak flights every year. And as much as anything for American, this was about getting more customers on off-peak flights, and the biggest increase in load factor on those off-peak flights was in markets where we're matching ultra-low-cost carriers.
J. Scott Kirby: I don't know how far they can go. Every year that I get asked this, you think it's at the highest it can realistically be and then the next year it's higher. So I'm going to stop predicting when we'll have a peak in terms of load factor. In terms of synergy, the two biggest ones yet to come are full connectivity across the network prior to getting the single reservation system. If you went to usairways.com and AA.com, you would see different prices often times. That's a whole bunch of reasons in the old management systems. Why that was different? That is now gone and we have effectively – we do have seamless availability between the two networks. And then the other one is moving aircraft around and putting the right-sized aircraft on the right route, again, prior to being on a single reservation system. We were limited in our ability to do that. We now have full reign to do that. That will take us a while to get done because there's also operational considerations to go along with that. And so, we'll start that next year, but we won't finish that piece of the integration really probably for 18 to 24 months.
Derek J. Kerr: Yeah. I think ex any of the labor deals, because we don't know where those are going to come out. I would expect right around flat to 2% range from CASM ex-fuel next year. But that would exclude any new labor deals that would be put into place. Julie A. Yates-Stewart - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay. Thank you very much.
Derek J. Kerr: I don't remember the exact number, but it's over two points of the domestic decline is the domestic portion of international journeys.
Derek J. Kerr: The $900 million is the number of non-aircraft CapEx that we're spending, and part of that is with the product. And we've have already announced the $2 billion improvement to the product with lie-flat seats and those kind of amenities and the clubs and other things. So, the $900 million wasn't intended to be spent on improvement of the product. That's how much we're spending in capital for this year. That is non-aircraft CapEx.
Derek J. Kerr: No. We'd like to see it come down. I mean, we're comfortable where we are today, but we'd like to see it come down over time. That's why we're going to look at – relook at everything from the leverage levels to the minimum cash, and try to figure out where we're going forward. But our plan is to bring it down over time.
Derek J. Kerr: We think it'll be around – we've said it's around $1 billion. We were at $900 million this year. Some of those reconfigurations that Scott had talked about that didn't get done this year are going to push into next year. So, we'll be around the, probably about $1.2 billion range for CapEx next year just due to some of the spending that we expected this year pushing into next year.
Derek J. Kerr: Oh, no. That would just be the CapEx for non-aircraft. Aircraft CapEx is right around probably about $4.4 billion for aircraft CapEx.
Hunter K. Keay: Hey. So a little bit of a follow-up on Jamie's question and I kind of want to – I'd love you to synthesize some of the stuff you've been alluding to throughout your prepared remarks. Obviously, you want to talk about this, I can tell, about some of the IT stuff. So...
Hunter K. Keay: Yeah. Love to do that. So okay, it's clear that you guys have concluded that ULCCs are a long-term threat in your market and they need to be dealt with and fine. That's your decision to make. But how do we know that you guys aren't totally blowing up yourself in the process of defending them, causing long-term damage on the pricing side while you're doing what you think you need to do to match them on fares. So effectively, what you've done is – feel free to disagree with the premise, but you're competing against yourself. You're selling $41 walk-up fares to business travelers that were never going to be in the ULCC to begin with. So is there a more tactical way to going about keeping the pressure on the ULCCs as vis-à-vis they're competing in your market while being a little bit more surgical about how you don't impact your own close-in demands by like inverting the yield curve for – inverting the booking curve, I mean, for example, and then that in itself might be an IT question.
Hunter K. Keay: Or are you selling 25% of your seats? And that's what some of your competitors I think do better and that's maybe where you haven't had the resources from an IT perspective to get more surgical on your inventory. So I'm not saying you should come in here and let ULCCs take your share or whatever, but is there a way to be more precise? And to have a certain product that's more tailored to that type of customer, so you're not imploding, like I said, the booking curves. So, I, the business traveler, I'm buying the $46 walk-up.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, John and thanks for the – and Maya, thanks for the time. So I noticed that you announced that you're going back into Venezuela, I think, from New York. And I'm just kind of wondering, is that market showing signs of improvement that you would go back into that market.
Helane Becker: Yeah, so 87%, okay. So if you looked at like Dallas for something like that, are the numbers lower where you could be more – because one of your strengths actually, I think, Scott, it was you who developed that whole plan when you were at America West, that closed your lowest buckets sooner rather than later. And at America West, you guys were outperforming the industry in terms of RASM and yield well before the rest of the industry kind of caught on to what you were doing. And I'm just kind of wondering why you wouldn't be that clever in your current role.
Helane Becker: ...that's good that you continue to do what you're doing because, obviously, it's been very successful. So, thanks very much for all that clarification. I appreciate that.
