J. Scott Kirby: Well first, I don't think it's that simple. I think American Airlines unilaterally reducing capacity wouldn't get us to PRASM-positive on its own and it's going to require more than that. It's going to require a lot of the kinds of things that I talked about in my prepared remarks. There are some near-term things that we're focused on, particularly in the yield management area. And a lot of the longer-term investments and initiatives are the kind of things that are going to get us not just back to positive PRASM growth, but hopefully recovering what we've lost in 2015 and 2016 and get back to actual real PRASM growth. We're not in a world where we're saying, keep capacity in place, just taking a near-term perspective on cash flow or anything else. We are focused on getting to cash flow – PRASM-positive. You see us, I don't know how many quarters in a row, six quarters or seven quarters in a row, where we have reduced capacity, but I don't think capacity is a simplistic button to push that will just magically turn PRASM-positive.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, I'll go back a little bit. We hit a little bit of a rough patch in February and March, where corporate demand, in particular, seemed a little weak and I think a lot of airlines – well, every airline tended to see that. I think actually, I think there's two reasons for that, as near as I can hypothesize, both of which have gotten better now, so that's the good news. The first one is we had a stock market that dropped, whatever it dropped, 10% or 12%. As we've said before, on a headline basis, whether it should or not, that does affect travel demand, particularly corporate travel demand, which it's easy to go, when you start to get worried, rein in your travel and entertainment budget. And so I do think that was one of the factors and it appears that as the market has come back that close-in booking demand has gotten stronger. Another thing that happened, which got talked about a little bit on our earnings call the last time, we got asked a question about AAdvantage fares, which I know many people on this call think, or were worried was problematic and I declined to answer it on the last call. The reason I declined to answer it is because there were no AAdvantage fares in the market at that time. None of the airlines had AAdvantage fares. They'd all been canceled. And so I didn't want to talk about it. We went for about three months with no AAdvantage fares in the market. That three-month period actually coincided with the relative decline in revenue expectations across mostly all airlines. So, we were starting to wonder if our decision to cancel AAdvantage fares was really the correct revenue decision. But before we had made a final decision on that, one of our competitors, I presumably concluded that it was also the wrong decision, and put them back, so they've been back in the market now for a couple of weeks. And the combination of those two things means that in the last couple of weeks, we've actually seen strengthening close-in demand, not just absolute demand but booked revenue, so we actually feel better about the revenue environment than we would have say three weeks ago to four weeks ago. On the domestic front, I know that some have talked about advance booked yields being up. That's true for us too. Our booked yields domestically for May, June, July, and August are up year-over-year for all those months. But, I don't want to mislead anyone because that's been true for the past several months. The issue had not really been about advance booked yields. We've had advance booked yields domestically up. It's been about weak close-in yields. And there still is weakness in close-in yields, although, we do have a pretty strong demand environment and bookings are up a lot year-over-year, but the yield is tending to fall as we get closer to departure. J. Yates - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay, very helpful color. Thanks, Scott.
J. Scott Kirby: ...but the fare environment has changed over the last couple of decades. One of the big – probably I think the biggest change has been the lack of pricing fences. So, historically, airlines had a 14-day advance purchases with Saturday night stays and that was an effective way to segment demand and offer business travelers great product, high frequency, the ability to book last minute, but also to be able to offer leisure fares that could fill the empty seats on airplanes that were below the average cost to flying the airplane, but could fill what would have otherwise been empty seats and it would have effectively segmented demand. Really, because of the growth of low-cost carriers, those pricing fences have broken down across the board and have lots of zero AP fares, lots of one-way fares. And more than anything, that's what I think has driven lower fares for business travel and for close-in traffic. Now, the ways to combat that are, and to drive higher fares, basic and premium economy are two of the really I think big levers for American Airlines in doing that. We're not going to have that really in place until next year, but today, when we wind up having to be competitive with others, and so we have low fares in the market that have very few restrictions on them, and there's no reason for a customer to pay more. And we're going to – you get the exact same product, whether you buy a $41 walk-up fare or a $900 walk-up fare and we're going to change that and we're going to have different products, and the more you're paying, the better benefits you're going to get. That's one of the really big things that we can do. Parts of that, part and parcel of that is investing in the product and having a great product that customers are actually willing to pay for and pay more for, so that for those customers who aren't commodity customers, we have a lot of our customers who are commoditized, but for those of the customers, who are not commoditized, we can sell them a better product and be appropriately compensated for that. You also see changes going on in the industry like the stuff about fare combinability...
J. Scott Kirby: ...which for the most part has been rolled back now, but those are – the fare combinability is an artifact of history that goes back to the 1960s when GDSs were first built, and has had unintended consequences as the pricing environment change. So the fact that those kinds of changes are happening, even if they happen in a fitful one step forward, two steps back kind of process, are actually long-term encouraging to me, because we're moving to a world where we're getting away from just commoditizing the price of the product, and getting to, we will sell a commoditized product for some customers, but for other customers, we will be able to de-commoditize the product. And that's not going to happen overnight, that's not going to happen this year, but we're on a good path to get there and that's a big structural change.
J. Scott Kirby: So, on the second part of the question, I'm just going to say, I can't answer that. What industry capacity growth (40:07) and just say this: look we try to do what's best for American Airlines as I said. We always try to give you guys the best 50/50 forecast that we can on our outlook for capacity growth, and in a world where we continue to see PRASM declines, even though earnings have been growing for many quarters in a row, in a world of negative PRASM, we view that as indicative of supply and demand being misbalanced, and so as a result, we've cut capacity historically. Turning to those other items, they're really hard to quantify. A credit card deal I'm not going to try to quantify. You can look to what other deals have done and make your own guess as to what the American Airlines deal will be. The American Airlines Loyalty Program and our partnerships with Citi and Barclays -- we have the largest and best loyalty program in the world and we're very proud of that and we have two great partners today, and we're looking forward to making that even better for American Airlines, for our customers, and for our bank partners. On the other items, some of those things are longer term, like basic economy, premium economy, those are really 2017 initiatives for next year, again hard to quantify. In the yield management area, that's the kind of thing that when we ultimately get everything completed that we're working on, it's again impossible to know for sure, but probably worth two points to three points of PRASM, at least I think it should be worth two points to three points of PRASM. But it's also hard to know when you'll finish that. You put in a new yield management system in place, you're replacing something that's been there for 25 years, you're going to get to a better position in the end, but all the patches and things that have been built into the system for the past 25 years to fix this problem or that problem or this place that didn't work well, you rip off all those BAND-AIDs and so you do take a few steps back sometimes before you can really get the system tuned and running. And that's frankly a continuous process. It never finishes. But we're right in the middle of starting a conversion process, so it's probably more challenging for us in the short term than it would be in a normal stated time, but I think improvements to yield management ultimately should be worth two points to three points for us.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I'll do my best to answer the question. I'm not 100% sure what you mean by transformational. I think we are doing things that maybe they're not big enough to be called transformational, but they're certainly evolutionary. Things like basic economy, premium economy, I'll put in the transformational bucket. Even things like getting rid of fare – changing fare combinability and trying to get a better pricing structure through eliminating fare combinability, has the potential to be transformational. We're stuck to some degree with, we still sell a huge percentage of our tickets through GDSs and through even our own reservation systems, systems that were built and architected in the 1960s and this fare combinability is one of those things. It's just built into the hardwiring of the system and when we eliminate it, for good reason, we create some unintended consequences, with things like multi-city ticketing and others. We're running hard, we're not the only one, other airlines too are running hard to change the way we price, and to be able to do things to, in particular, I think de-commoditize the product and change the way airline pricing has worked historically, but we're working with these old mainframe systems and it takes us time to get that done. It's not just us. It takes our partners' time. It takes Sabre time. It takes Amex GlobalTravel time, all to change it because we're working in these old systems and it's frustrating to us that we can't get these things done quicker because of great ideas about how to sell the product more effectively, about how to be able to, on the same airplane compete with Spirit Airlines and at the same time sell tickets to our premium customers who want a better product than they could ever possibly get on an airline like Spirit. But we're not going to get there tomorrow. We're running in that direction, but it's going to take time to get there.
J. Scott Kirby: I do think that there is a pretty strong inverse correlation between fuel price and revenue. Look, if you go back and look over the past, really going all the way back to, I think, before the financial crisis and when you've seen oil prices go up, you've seen fares go up, with a lag, with a three-month to six-month lag. A lot of times that lag, I think, part of that is that you wind up with less capacity, which is completely rational. So you wind up with less capacity when oil prices go up and that leads to a move in the supply curve which leads to higher prices. I was disappointed when oil prices fell, but that link went the other direction as well. It did. And when oil prices fell, supply went up and fares went down. I think that that is going to be in place going forward. And kind of going back to the earlier question, I think the investor focus and worry about PRASM is appropriate, but essentially it is a worry that that link won't exist. It's easy to say, earnings are good right now, but what if oil prices go up and revenues don't go up along with it? And I think that's really, I would characterize, the investor worry about PRASM. And I think it's one of the important points for investing in airlines. If you believe that, it's a pretty easy investment. If you don't believe that, it's a harder investment. I happen to believe it. We all here believe it pretty strongly. It's only a glimmer, but even if you look at this quarter, oil prices have gone up. They're still at really low level, but as they've gone up across this quarter, essentially every airline that I've read the transcript for so far, did something they talk about reducing capacity. Those two things, I think, are correlated and it's rational and so I think that we will see that link and if oil prices go up, that revenues will go up, as well. And I think that's sort of key to the investment thesis if you're an airline investor. If you believe that, it's a pretty easy story to say yes, and if you don't believe that, I get the focus on near-term PRASM and the worry about near-term PRASM.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, particularly if you're looking at the second quarter, it will take into the third quarter. It has been a three-month to six-month lag because you start to see oil prices go up. You're not going to turn off the schedule tomorrow, but the next schedule change that you're looking out three months, four months in advance is where you start to prune that marginal flight out that made sense when oil was $35 a barrel, but no longer makes sense when oil is $50 a barrel.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, look, our capacity decisions are about maximizing profitability. And when we're doing that, we do think about what the consequences of our capacity changes will be and what our competitors will do. And it would be naive not to think of that. For the most part, those two things are exactly the same. We assume our competitors are going to basically be doing what they're doing, regardless of us, and therefore our capacity decision is just about what is going to happen with our profitability and we're not looking at somebody's going to try to backfill it or market share changes. It's unusual to look at that. If there's one place that's become an exception to that, that we continue to reduce capacity here, it's been in South America where we could see just disaster, catastrophic numbers coming, and started to get ahead, or tried to get ahead of the curve on reducing capacity pretty significantly and saw a lot of competitors continue to grow double digits. Now the good news is that appears to have stopped. It's gotten bad enough in Brazil, in particular, that everyone is deciding to shrink. But I was frankly surprised at the competitive reaction in a place where you're having RASM declines of 40% two years in a row, to see that, but almost everywhere else we look at the world and just say, whatever's best for American Airlines is going to be the same no matter what the competitive response is.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, no, part of it is that and then also there's some timing. It will be higher in the second quarter, but it's just timing of engine overhauls and aircraft overhauls in the first quarter. There were fewer there than there will be throughout the year.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, look, I understand the concern. The first quarter, I guess, across the industry domestically was weaker than I think you would have thought fundamentals would suggest. For us, consolidated domestic RASM was down 5.3%, I think you referred to the mainline number. But a 5% PRASM decline, even if a couple of points of that is coming from DPIJ, I thought it was better. I really do think, I think it was the first question on the call I'd go back to, I think there were two big things that caused the first quarter to be worse than it otherwise would have been. One was the temporary change in the pricing structure, where AAdvantage fares were gone and now they're back; and second was we had a drop in corporate travel demand mid-quarter that coincided with a decline in the stock market. And we've seen that happen before and it comes back. That's the bad news. The good news is as we've moved into April, close-in demand, as those two things have changed, close-in demand actually has picked up pretty well. So our fingers are crossed that we're going to be back to a more normal trend line of the relationship between supply, demand and revenue.
J. Scott Kirby: Sure, so expect the trans-Atlantic to get a little worse, and actually all other regions to get a little better. So domestic, our forecast is for it to get better, moving into the second quarter, same for Pacific, not a lot but a little better, and same for Latin. Latin is really based on the comps are getting a lot easier, but all regions with the exception of the Atlantic getting modestly better in the second quarter than the first quarter.
J. Scott Kirby: Second half, we don't have a precise forecast, but I think that the trend will continue that all regions will get better in the second half, all four regions will continue to progress better, because the capacity environment progresses better I think in the third quarter and fourth quarter, and as a result, I expect every one of those regions to continue to sequentially improve from the second quarter to the third quarter to the fourth quarter.
J. Scott Kirby: So, I guess from a capacity perspective, Dallas is the only place that I'd call out domestically, but it's also one of our best performing year-over-year hubs. I think it just would have been really, really good. Dallas economy, despite energy, is doing well. And I think it would have been really gangbuster had it not been for the large capacity growth here in the DFW – or in Dallas, actually mostly at Love Field. It wasn't at DFW. And what was the second part of the question? I forgot.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, we are not seeing a pickup in yield. It is improvement, it's certainly improvement in volume. But it's the revenue environment, the booked revenues, are also improving relative to where they were in February and March. In February and March, we had the same yield issue that we have right now, so that's really was no different, but we also had weak volumes. So we still have weak year-over-year yields, but unlike February and March where we had weak year-over-year yields and weak year-over-year volumes, at least now we have higher year-over-year volumes.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, fares are lower in Dallas than they were last year. And the growth at Love Field, the last big tranche of growth was September of last year, and so when we get to September this year, we will have overlapped the growth. But fares are lower in Dallas. It's a great time if you're a traveler in Dallas to get out and go somewhere. There's some really attractive prices.
J. Scott Kirby: It is a generic thing now. You described it correctly. It is when a connecting carrier offers a lower price than the non-stop carrier, the rationale being that an inferior product from a customer's perspective. A customer would rather fly non-stop, and they were offering a lower price, that's something that US Airways uniquely did. We brought that to American Airlines after the merger, and when we did that, our large competitors copied us, and so now it is, you called it a generic thing, but it is really systematic and exists virtually everywhere that there's non-stop service in the U.S.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I have to be careful talking about the rationale. But we've had them in place for over a decade. We're in a world with lots of low fares in lots of other places and we wanted to see what would happen. We had lots of other low fare alternatives. When we first started the program we had fewer low fare alternatives. There's lots of other low fare alternatives in place today and so we wanted to see what would happen if we kind of did a reset. It looked like that the results were actually negative, but before we could pull the trigger on changing it, one of our competitors put it back in place ahead of us, so presumably they saw something similar.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we hope to roll out basic economy this year. It will be towards the end of this year. I said second half, but it will be towards the end of the year. But what I was saying on the call is the impact of that, the revenue impact of that, will be a 2017 effect, so even if we rolled it out, even though we still plan to roll out basic economy this year, it really won't affect our revenues until 2017.
J. Scott Kirby: Look, we've got lots of other stuff going on. We're not going to be placing an aircraft order in the near-term, so it's not something we're working on.
J. Scott Kirby: We thought it was the best market for American to serve. It's our largest hub. Being able to serve the preferred airport in Japan from our largest hub is high on our priority list, so it was just the most rational choice for us.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, look, we, at American, are running a much better operation. We're investing in our product. We're investing in customer service. And I think we're generally on a trend of from a customer perspective things are getting better.
William Douglas Parker: Well, Joseph, yes, we're not going to try and point to anything where you're going to see absolute improvement. What I can tell you is this, we'd lost part of the team and it's really important, particularly at this airline, given the history that the team had gone through, and given what we're trying to accomplish to pull everyone together and help them understand that indeed, it's different, much like we're trying to, with every one of our partners, help them understand the world is different. What had happened is we'd lost a part of the team. They understood analytically the argument we laid out and that we've laid out for you and that we laid out all the time and it certainly passed our look them in the eye test, which is important to us. We all talk about a team needing to (27:53) look our employees in the eye and tell them why we made the decisions and we can do that extremely well. We just didn't like the look we were getting back on this one. The employees got it with their brains, but they didn't get it in their hearts and it really felt like, again, largely because while our competitors kind of were moving in our direction, they weren't going to the point that we had. And other airlines had in place these profit sharing programs and we did not and it felt to our team, while they understood again the logic, felt as though we weren't appreciating their contribution to the bottom line, which is the last thing we were trying to accomplish. So, what we realized is if we were going to really get our team engaged and excited, which is an imperative to accomplishing all we want to accomplish and all the things Scott talked about that we're working on, to compete against the other airlines, and particularly for premium travelers, we have to have our team engaged and excited and this was holding us back. So, I firmly believe it's in our shareholders' best interests to do it. We wouldn't have done it otherwise. We have, indeed, seen an uplift in engagement and excitement because of this. Not so much, I don't think, because of the actual dollars involved, just because it proved what our employees wanted to believe, that indeed, it is different. And that we will listen and that we will do things when even though we've taken strong positions, if it gets to the point that we think it's not working, we're willing to revisit those decisions. So, all those things have had a positive impact on the team. I think that's good for – I know it's good for our shareholders. It's impossible to quantify. And it's also early. The real challenge for the team is to now build on it. This is temporary. While the profit sharing will stay in place, the feeling of instituting profit sharing is not going to stay in place. It will become just, I imagine over time, just part of everyone's compensation. And the way they view it and our challenge is now to use it to go do the things that we want to go do as an airline and put in place the product with the people that do their job so well that we want to. So, just a long way of me saying, it wasn't an easy decision, but I know it's the right decision for our shareholders.
William Douglas Parker: Rajeev, let me just use that to make a plug. The reason we're not (43:20) looking for new orders, as Derek said, we have a large order book and we've brought in a lot of new airplanes. Our team has just done – one of the things we don't talk about enough, I think, is the great job our team has done of modernizing this fleet. Robert Isom and his team are inducting a new airplane almost every four days, or about every four days, and retiring an older one. The result is the American Airlines fleet now is down right around 10 years on average, which is lower than any of our peers, and well lower than some of our peers, and shrinking. When we did the merger, we had the second oldest fleet of the four largest airlines. Now, we have the youngest. That's because we've lowered our fleet age over time. This is something that we're ahead of the others on. We're happy about that. It's a product advantage. It's also a future capital allocation advantage.
William Douglas Parker: Okay, I'll do my best. Look, Hunter, you all have to – you have customers that care about near-term, you have some that care about long-term. We care more about the long-term, I think that's the only difference. And again, I wouldn't say the difference. Look, we care like crazy about our revenue trends in the near-term and what they look like next quarter. We just, I think, I have a sense we don't care as much as some of your investors, but look, if I was an investor who had a short-term horizon on trading, I would care about what tomorrow's revenue looked like. And that's a lot of who you have to deal with, and those are our shareholders and we care about them as well, but our job is to maximize long-term shareholder value, and that doesn't mean at all that we ignore the near-term and none of us would suggest that we are. But all I – this is what I tried to say in my comments. Just because we're bullish about the future, don't take that to mean that we're entirely pleased with the current environment, because we're not. We just happen to believe that the long-term prospects for the stock are not reflected in the current price. And maybe that's because there's too much focus on the near-term, or maybe it's just because we're wrong. I don't know.
William Douglas Parker: So, look, that's for you all to decide. Our job is to run the airline for the long-term. We are very excited about the long-term. We are not pleased with the current term. Again, I shouldn't say we're not pleased. We're actually – making $1.2 billion in a quarter is not something we're unhappy about, but our job is to maximize shareholder value and we know there are things that could be done better and particularly as Scott has noted, on the revenue environment, we think there are brighter days ahead, but we're not pleased with where we are now. It's not where we expected to be at this point. None of us were looking out a year ago and thinking we'd see these kinds of revenue declines, but I'm also happy to report that if someone were to project these kind of revenue declines, I don't think they would have projected $1.2 billion in earnings. So, I don't know, it's a long answer and I'm not sure I can tell you why you think what you think, Hunter, but I can tell you what we think, and what we think is the near-term is really important, but so is the long-term and it seems at times that we focus, that you all have to, focus more on the near-term than we do. So, I don't think that's inconsistent. I don't think that's a disconnect. I just think it's a different perspective of time horizon.
William Douglas Parker: Yes, I think it would be a big mistake to assume that we would not pay these. It would be more likely to assume that some union officials get tossed out if we don't pay them, so they're going to be paid, as they should be.
William Douglas Parker: Hey, Duane, it's Doug. If I can, all I want to add to that is I should have included that as part of my response to Hunter – I think to Hunter's question of why is there, if there's – to the extent there's a disconnect, it's that. And I think I tried to say that, but I didn't articulate that point. The focus on near-term PRASM, I think we look at, I think investors look at that and think, my gosh, if oil prices go up, what's this going to look like? And we believe if oil prices go up, it won't look like this. So I think that's as much as anything and I should have made that more explicit in my response to Hunter.
William Douglas Parker: Yes, Darryl, look, what I know I said, and I'm not arguing the way you characterized it, but I don't want to get into the business of forecasting margins from year-to-year. At the time, what we were talking about was a real concern on people's part that, indeed, you might see declines in 2016 versus 2015 and at least articulated by some as a concern that we had peaked as an industry. And what I was trying to point out at that time was that wasn't our view. Indeed what I said was – we believed and what I said, I'm pretty sure, was 2015 had this phenomenon of incredibly quickly falling fuel prices that fell so fast that capacity couldn't catch it. And in a sense, the 2015 results, because of that, were higher than one would expect them to be in the long-term. So while you might see, therefore, declines into 2016 and margins, you shouldn't view that as the industry had peaked. Rather you should view that as kind of a one-time spike in margins in the industry and that they would normalize in 2016 to a level higher than 2014, which by the way, it appears they're going to. And therefore, one shouldn't assume that they would continue to fall from 2016 into 2017. So I think all that's still true, but I'm not going to try and make a forecast on 2017 for you because I don't know. But that's what I was trying to point out, that 2015 – the fact that 2016 was going to be lower than 2015, which it's turned out to be, I certainly wouldn't view as some sort of cyclical issue as opposed to rather than this kind of spike that we had in 2015.
William Douglas Parker: And by far the best for consumers, because of all that connectivity. The application is so much stronger from DFW because we connect people all over the United States into this very large hub of ours.
William Douglas Parker: And in relation to the industry, Ted, this is what we suggested would happen as we got to an industry that could serve customers better. As we got through the consolidation of U.S. carriers to still be an incredibly competitive business, but one that could provide the utility customers wanted to take to have an airline – a series of airlines that could take customers everywhere they want to go. That's one that's much better utility for the customer and it also puts us all in a position of competing much more on the in-flight product and on reliability than simply on where we fly and others don't. So, in a world where a number of us can take customers anywhere around the globe, what matters more than it used to, and how you compete for high-value customers that can use any of those carriers, the product matters even more than it did before and you're seeing investments in that.
William Douglas Parker: It would be an incorrect headline, Ted. What I would say is, the team at American Airlines is doing an excellent job of running the airline, getting two airlines integrated, taking care of their customers and the result of that is that they're profitable. And the result of those profits is primarily being used to invest in its product and its team because its team is critical to its product, and those results are paying off. And the future of American looks really bright. As a result of that, the industry's been transformed. American Airlines has been transformed and you should expect to see more of that in the future. But, businesses are supposed to be profitable and ours is, and we expect to continue it to be. And to the extent we can generate profits and use those to continue to put in the product and take care of our team, and then to the extent we generate even more than that, that gets returned to shareholders. So it's what business is supposed to do and we're happy to actually be in that position now versus where airlines have been in the past. It's a longer headline I know, but it's the right one.
William Douglas Parker: We have no additional or closing remarks other than thank you very much for your time and attention, and thanks again, bye.
