William Douglas Parker: Thank you, Dan. Thanks, everyone, for being on. This is a great day for American Airlines. We announced our second quarter financial results, as Dan said. A profit of $1.5 billion, excluding special charges. That's the best financial performance for any quarter in the long and proud history of American Airlines and by a wide margin. These results are due to the great work of our 100,000-plus team members who are coming together really well and doing a great job of taking care of our customers, and I want to be sure and thank all of them and congratulate all of them for these results. So -- and then in addition to announcing our record earnings today, we announced a capital deployment program. The program includes over $2.8 billion in debt and aircraft lease payments, a $1 billion share repurchase plan, a quarterly cash dividend to shareholders and $600 million of pension contributions in 2014 beyond the required contribution. As part of the program, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.10 per share. This is the first cash dividend paid to American shareholders since 1980, and I think it's further evidence of a transformation underway at our airline and also within our industry. So as I said, this is a great day for us. It's sometimes hard to remember that just less than 8 months ago, American was in bankruptcy and getting ready to emerge from bankruptcy through our merger with US Airways. Yet today, here we are reporting record profits, prepaying debt, making additional pension contributions and declaring dividends to shareholders. We are really proud of our team and what they've accomplished by working together in a very short period of time. We're not done. There's a tremendous amount of work ahead, as we all know. And -- but what we do know is this performance is evidence that we're on the right track, and it gives us confidence as we move forward. And we are very much looking forward to continue to work together to restore American Airlines as the greatest airline in the world, and we're very happy to have -- to be on this track and to report these results. So with that said, I'll turn it over to Derek and Scott.
William Douglas Parker: Look, Helane, we always talk about these fees and taxes. We're never able to pass them on. The airline works -- our airline, as all do, work really hard to generate as higher revenue as we can and maximize revenue and do anything we can to keep our cost down to produce profit. But it's not as though all of a sudden our costs go up and you see all the fares go up because that has impacts on demand. So I don't know, and Scott can probably talk a little more specifically, but I don't -- I can't imagine we would tell you, "Oh yes, we've seen increases related to changes in this tax." What I can tell you is, the shift and how it's charged now is, certainly, I think a better way to assess this fee by having it -- rather than being per enplanement, per -- it essentially just goes to each time someone goes through the -- through security as opposed to every time you go onto an airplane. So that, we think, is a better way. It certainly shifts some of that burden away from the network carriers to those -- when we have connections that are -- that just -- that don't have as many connections. But look, at the end of the day, this is -- it's an additional tax to the industry yet again. It's just one that's been, in this case, being borne more by those who don't have connections than those that do.
William Douglas Parker: They're not in the system yet. I'm not sure of the exact date could be in the system. They start some of them as early as the back half of August, and some of those will be a day a week kind of cancellations that we're going to put in place. We were planning across the Atlantic about 5%, I think. And this will get us down to about 2%. And to Latin America, it was about 5%, and it'll get us down to flat.
William Douglas Parker: John, this is Doug. I'll start a little and then Derek can chime in. I mean, look, our goal is to maximize return on investment capital, to maximize profitability, not to say that we don't have projections and targets that we want to go hit, but we're reluctant to go give targets because a bit of a concern is that under -- that doesn't push as hard as we should be going. And we can do even better than just hitting a target and then suggesting, once we get there, we're going to do something differently then try to produce the best results we possibly can. So what you see from us today, I think, is indicative of what you should expect to see, which is an airline that knows that we have a lot of work to do in terms of getting the integration done, understands it's going to take some capital, understands that we need if we're going to go build the greatest airline like we plan to, we need to make sure that we're taking care of our people, taking care of our customers, and also taking care of our investors. And to the extent we do that in the term and we have enough cash to do -- to take care of our customers and our employees that our job is to return it to investors both debt and shareholders. And what I expect is, you'll see us do more and more of this over time, and this isn't a one-off situation. I think this really is an indication of how transformed this business is that we're all confident enough to be doing things like this and we'll keep doing more and more than that. But our goal is to be doing better this than anybody else. And so like I say, rather than giving you set margin targets and set return on capital targets, our goal is just to go be higher than anybody else.
William Douglas Parker: Well, on the things that we talked about earlier, there are 3 big ones. One is putting more seats on the airplane. That has started, but not a lot done. The 787s haven't even started yet. Really, that's something that will be happening starting in earnest at the end of the summer and going through -- all the way through the end of 2015 actually to get the whole fleet done. Second, the thing we identified was re-banking the hubs. The first hub to be re-banked is Miami, that will go into effect August 19. So clearly, none of that's in the numbers yet. Dallas and Chicago will go into effect, we're currently targeting the end of March of next year. And then the third one is variable scheduling, which is pulling some capacity out of peaks and flying more in the peaks. That really hasn't started at all yet and will start in the fourth quarter this year, although it'll only be in its infancy. So certainly won't be fully at steady state. So those are the 3 things that we talked about and really none of those have kicked in in earnest yet, but they are coming. There are lot of smaller things that we have already done that I don't think we've talked about on earnings calls, but bag fees and other things that are already flowing through in the numbers. So there's a lot of things that are in the numbers, but the big ones that we've talked about in the earnings calls haven't started yet.
William Douglas Parker: Well, everything that we -- we haven't changed the number in our official guidance, but everything we've done makes us feel increasingly confident that we'll achieve or exceed those numbers, but we haven't officially changed the guidance.
William Douglas Parker: John, it's Doug again. There's one point that you asked and I missed that come back and get to --- anyway I think it's important someone interesting, which is the leverage ratios. That's another -- that's one of these again where, certainly we want to work to given where the balance sheet now is to de-lever and you're seeing us do some of that in the announcement today. But it's also really important, I think, to understand, that in our business, if you simply just go target leverage ratios or credit ratings, you'd be making some really inefficient decisions for your company. And that's due to the fact that aircraft debt, that's which is the vast majority of all of airline debt, because of -- at least today, you can get so incredibly efficiently through WTC, certainly the A and B tranches, that because the airplanes, of course, can be moved and therefore very little to do with the underlying credit of the company and a lot to do with the fact with the asset itself. So anyway, if all you're doing is targeting the credit ratio -- debt-to-equity ratio, you'd be doing -- we -- it would encourage to do things like take cash for aircraft, which may not be in the best interest of the firm at all. Because as we de-lever that way and the credit rating goes down, nothing happens to our cost of capital. Indeed, it doesn't change a bit, and we're not providing -- and we're able to borrow at rates below our cost of capital. So anyway, another one of these things. Just another indication that I -- if it's not clear, we're not the biggest fans of setting targets for the sake of setting targets. We have -- we know what our job is, and we're going to do it and plan to do it really well. And we'll produce results, but we're not going to try and run the company for debt-to-equity ratios or anything other than just being the best we possibly can be and things like on return on capital.
William Douglas Parker: Fairly, Venezuela was the worst region. The worst part of Latin America. Then Argentina, I think, is probably second and has some macroeconomic weakness. Brazil has been weak, but I think that's largely a World Cup effect. And we've actually seen all of Latin America in a couple of weeks following the end of the World Cup actually start to bounce back. And the rest of Latin America -- the rest of South America is pretty strong. The Caribbean and Mexico are actually, on a revenue basis, quite strong, but there is huge capacity and growth in some of those markets. Markets like Cancun, Montego Bay with capacity up 25%. So RASM will be down in those markets, but revenue growth is 20%. So those markets are strong. Really, Venezuela -- Argentina is a little weak. Brazil is a little weak, but Venezuela is the real story in Latin America, overwhelms everything else.
William Douglas Parker: It's really too early for us to see any impact. We don't see anything on our numbers yet that's identifiable, but we know there will be an impact from both of those. I think the Wright Amendment impact will probably be larger than in D.C. But we aren't seeing anything yet. It's 3 months before Southwest -- before the Wright Amendment goes away, so it's just really too early in the booking curve to tell anything.
William Douglas Parker: Well, what I think what we're going to be impacted in some of the Dallas local markets. I think we'll still do quite well, and Dallas is a fantastic hub. We'll still do really well in the markets that we serve. We're going to have a much better pattern of service really in all of those markets for frequent customers, which they care about, we have a much better frequent flier program, which the elite and frequent traveling business customers care about and we're going to compete aggressively with Southwest, but just when you add more capacity in any market, it obviously has some impact. We have grown DFW a little, although our biggest growth is actually with lot of ASMs has been new service to Shanghai and Hong Kong, but we aren't explicitly trying to replace markets or anything. We're going to compete with the strength of our great frequent flier base and one of the best hubs in the world, great customer base, and that's what we're going to compete with.
William Douglas Parker: Well, we already have a great joint venture partnership with JAL, and we believe that they are a fantastic partner. To the extent of there are opportunities to add others to that, we're open to it. And we think about it and talk about it. Nothing we're going to -- no specifics that we're going to talk about on the conference call, but it's something that we want to do jointly with a good partner that we already have in Asia.
William Douglas Parker: Well, to start, we have an awful lot of wide-body aircraft on order. And that there is growth contemplated in the wide-body order to China. So I don't think we need to buy more airplanes to Asia to do that. I think that there are profitable opportunities in Asia. We don't have a target. And aren't going to set one. Our growth will be predicated on making the existing flying we have and the new routes that we've added profitable, which will give us the confidence to continue growing and adding new routes. But we're going to be focused on making what we currently have successful, and once that's successful I think that gives you the ability to grow and so growth will be not on a target, but will be dependent on how well we do in the region.
William Douglas Parker: I think we'd have to take some time to try to reconcile that with you. I've never heard of anyone talking about labor cost per ASM. It's just -- it's not terribly -- it's not the right metric. If you have 138 seats on an A350 and pay your pilots exactly the same as someone else that flies with the 150 seats on an A350, you have 9% difference in labor cost per ASM, even though your labor cost is exactly the same. So we look at labor cost block hour by equipment type. And so I think we have to do something more detailed to reconcile with you. I think we do think our costs are a little below where others are and moving to get to the same levels as the other as we complete the integration and have profitability that's -- profitability potential that's equivalent to an airline like Delta. But I think the 15% number is wrong, and it's probably because you're looking at it on an ASM basis.
William Douglas Parker: And this is Doug, David. We obviously, as always Robert just; said, we make independent decisions as do they. Although it shouldn't be surprising that we all came to the same conclusion. This is a really competitive business. But we don't compete on safety. And we -- none of us would do anything that we thought was remotely had put any of our employees or customers at risk. And we've all been working with the FAA and we're working with each other and everyone has come to conclusion that is entirely safe. And if we hadn't come to that conclusion, the others wouldn't conclude it either because we don't have -- there are no degrees of this amongst the industry. We all put it as our top priority, and no one is more adamant about than anyone else. It's top of mind for everyone's business. So it doesn't surprise me at all when we came to same conclusion because the facts are the same.
William Douglas Parker: Absolutely not. It's possible, of course, that others might have come to different conclusions with different facts, so we wouldn't have -- we would not have decided to go if we didn't think it was perfectly safe independently.
William Douglas Parker: Well, I'm not going to give specific route commentary, but given the double-digit capacity growth across the Atlantic, it's pressured all routes, and new routes are generally the most marginal routes, so they've been under more pressure. So they've underperformed what we'd hoped they do, that doesn't mean they won't come back next year. But they've underperformed not because the routes are done poorly, but just because there's been 10% capacity growth across the Atlantic at an industry level.
William Douglas Parker: Well, there's nothing that we see. As far out as we can see, we expect the domestic environment to remain strong. And I would even say the international environment is strong. When you look out, you have 10% capacity growth across the Pacific. We have even higher capacity growth and we're going to have RASM up. That's huge revenue growth. It was across the Atlantic where you've got 10% capacity growth, and we're going to have RASM down slightly, but that means revenue and demand is growing close to double digits. Really, the only part of the world where there's weakness is Venezuela, at least significant weakness. And I don't see anything that's going to change it domestically. You rarely see these things coming in advance, but it feels pretty good right now.
William Douglas Parker: Yes. We have a long list of potential markets that we've looked at and that we think are going to be good growth potentials, but we constantly -- and some of those are new countries and some of those are new cities and some of those are new routes to existing cities that we already serve. But we constantly adjust that based on what's happening in the demand environment, so we can't announce anything yet until we get to the point where we actually ready to load those flights. We do think that over the long-term, there are international growth opportunities. I think in the short- to medium-term, we need to have some time to let demand catch up with the capacity. Again, demand is strong, but capacity growth has been even higher. We need to let demand catch up with capacity before pursuing some of those growth opportunities, but there's a lot out there that we're going to have over the coming years.
J. Scott Kirby: Mike. I think when we combined American and US Airways, the second and third quarter are really close to the same in terms of seasonality. And actually, if you look at the midpoint of our guidance at 11.5% and if you added back the 1.5 point hit from Venezuela would have been a slightly higher margin than we had in the second quarter but in the same ballpark. So I think our seasonality, you would -- you should normally expect to be about the same in this case. We stopped service on July 1 to Venezuela, so we're taking a big hit from Venezuela in the third quarter. And that probably really explains the difference for this particular quarter.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes. At the moment, there's no change to the status. Envoy is still a very large and incredibly important partner for AA, though the new large regional jets are going elsewhere, at least the ones that are being delivered in the next 12 months or so. We remain hopeful that, at some point, we'll reach a deal with our pilots that allows us to put large regional jets there, but there is no change in the near term.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, look, I think if you look excluding Venezuela at our performance as we're going forward, one, at a system level, our guidance is the same as Delta and United for RASM, and that's despite much bigger exposure to the rest of Latin America, which is going to be the worst region in the world, and despite the fact that we have higher capacity growth. I mean, further, if you look at kind of entity by entity in the second quarter and I think in the third quarter, we outperformed the industry. We underperformed across the Atlantic, which we've said all along, we expected to do that. This year, as we switched alliances, we've outperformed by a wide margin across the Pacific, and in spite of the Venezuela exposure, we've actually outperformed even 2 Latin America. So I think we already are outperforming. We'll continue to outperform. When you roll everything together at a system level, you missed some of those nuances that just is where we're flying individually and the fact that Latin America is weak is going to hurt us in the third quarter. The Venezuela situation is going to also hurt in the fourth quarter. It's actually larger in the fourth quarter. It'll be almost a full 2 points in the fourth quarter, but then it moderates and essentially goes to 0 as we move into next year. I mean, really, on Venezuela, what happened last year is the black market bolivar rate spiked from -- to about 60 per dollar from the official exchange rate of 6.3. And what the government -- what we were allowed to do is you could buy airline tickets but they were at the official exchange rate of 6.3, so you were buying them at a 90% discount to the black market rate. And further, you're allowed to convert 3,000 -- you convert bolivars at the 6.3 rate into $3,000 of cash, and so you could buy your ticket in Venezuela and go to the U.S. and make money because of the differential in the exchange rate. And so just everyone was buying tickets, you'd wind up selling out every flight to the highest inventory class. One of the, I think, remarkable statistics is, we have 1 -- had 1 flight a day between Caracas and San Juan. We had 6 flights a day between Miami and San Juan. 30% of the revenue on the Miami-San Juan flights last year was people leaving Caracas going to and from -- just because it was -- any way you could get out of Venezuela, you could make money and actually put dollars in your pocket to leave Venezuela. So it just had an outsized effect. And I think we already are outperforming, I think we'll continue to outperform, I think that outperformance can accelerate, but we've got 1.5 point hit this quarter and a 2 point hit next quarter, but they're not merger-related.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, there is replacement RASM. And so that's included my numbers when I say less than 1.5%. But when you had legs that had RASM that was 4x the system average, which is what Venezuela was, RASM during that -- during the third quarter. Again it's just because you wind up selling an awful lot of tickets at the very highest fares but they were priced cheaply in bolivars. And when you did that, you wind up with RASM that was 4x the system average. And so, yes, you can replace that, but it comes in at something less than the system average, and that's how you wind up with a 1.5 point hit.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, we've made decent progress on it, but really, those kinds of synergies of mixing and matching the fleet. We're doing our first route swaps start on August 19. Well, actually, they've already started -- they started in July. So it's really early, and the big dollar values for those won't come for another year until we get to a single operating certificate because the biggest values are widebodies. And while we may do some of those, it's just hard to do it when they're 2 separate fleets. The customer issues and the other issues make it hard to do fully. So those are the ones that will take the longest to ramp up and really won't start in earnest until after we get to a single operating certificate.
J. Scott Kirby: They have not yet commented, but they have an earnings call next Friday, and I suspect they will comment on their capacity plans at that time. And we have, at least, in the last 6 months I think started to develop a pretty close working relationship. SkyTeam has been at this longer and has I think a more mature working relationship where they really do sit there and jointly and work on capacity and revenue management issues. And we have started with IAG. It's not just British Airways that's also Iberia and Finnair. But we have started that a little bit behind, but I think we're ramping up pretty quickly. And I think as we move into 2015, you'll see a much more consolidated view on capacity -- more clearly it's a consolidated view on capacity and we will have worked toward together jointly to develop those plans. For the cuts that we're doing in the back of the year actually worked pretty closely with IAG on those as well, but you'll see more of that in 2015 and think that is an opportunity for both of our companies.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, our goal to be run 100% load factor. But I don't know of any feedback that's anything different than normal about load factor. I think we are probably near what is a structural peak because busy flights are 100% full, but then you have flights like the shuttle markets that run at 50% load factors, and you're never get turnout the shuttle market into a 100% load factor. So you have seasonal issues, early flights, late flights. So I think we're probably near a peak. And load factors really aren't growing. In fact, I think, ours maybe even a bit down slightly in the quarter.
Derek J. Kerr: 2015, yes. I mean, we believe that we've had questions before of do you believe -- where do you believe it can go in 2015. And basically, with the synergies that we have and where we go, we're looking at it to be lower than inflation growth and in the flat range.
Derek J. Kerr: We haven't given out the capacity growth for next year yet because we're still doing that for the plan, but it would be in that range, yes.
Derek J. Kerr: Well, I think from -- we have a guidance ready now that interest expense is going to be about $855 million for this year. So that's the guidance that's out there today. That all depends on exactly what Doug just talked about is, what are we going to do, we have a fair amount of aircraft coming in, and we have a fair amount of unencumbered aircraft today. So it depends on what financing activities we will do in the near future. So having it -- I think what you'll see is, because of us having capital commitments of over $5 billion worth of aircraft coming in for the next few years, you'll see the debt level stay pretty much the same, but you'll see a lower cost of capital as we're able to finance at better opportunity. So if I took that equation, you'd say it would be less than it was this year and driven down from an interest expense basis, but driven more down by rate than it's driven by debt reduction.
Derek J. Kerr: I'll just add, Ely, I think the high load factors in themselves our feedback from customers and that means is when there's a lot of demand for the product and there are a lot of people that want to fly and we are happy to meet that need.
Derek J. Kerr: Okay. All right. Thank you, everyone, for your interest. Any further questions, please let us know, but we are now adjourned. Thanks, everybody.
Robert D. Isom: This is Robert Isom, Chief Operating Officer. We're making great progress and working very cooperatively with the FAA. We have the single operating certificate process really broken down into 9 chunks. And we're kind of midway through the process right now. Based on the timing right now, we would expect sometime late second quarter or shortly thereafter to be in position to work with the FAA and getting single operating certificate.
Robert D. Isom: Well, the good thing about the single operating processes is that we'll see benefits all along the way. It's not going to be like a light switch. That said though, there are a number of things that really touch back to what Maya had talked about earlier. They're really dependent on when we can get our systems aligned. And as Maya had said, getting to a single reservation system. That's something that's late next year, hopefully. And that will really facilitate a lot of getting our groups together at the airports and facilitating a lot of the other work that we can do in a more efficient manner.
Robert D. Isom: David, no. The fact of the matter is, we've been evaluating the situation in Tel Aviv for some time. We do all the time. And of course, the precursor to resuming service was the pull down of the NOTAM by the FAA, which was done last night. We reviewed the situation and are pleased to fly our scheduled service that's going out tonight. And of course, the security and safety of our passengers and our employees are first and foremost. And we evaluate internal, external sources, as well as working with the government to make the decision to do what's right.
Robert D. Isom: Mary, it's Robert again. Again, this is not the first time that we've dealt with a situation in a region of the world or someplace that we fly. We constantly monitor any threats in the system, whether they'd be civil unrest or issues with thunderstorms, or at the end of the day, things that may be related to FAA mandates. So we are on constant alert, and we have our own internal security group that monitors all situations. We have external advisors. And then of course, we have a government relations team that stays in close contact with the State Department, with the FAA and a number of other government agencies. We collect all that information and at various levels within the company, analyze and use that information ultimately to make recommendations on what's best. Now of course, the work doesn't stop there. We're certainly mindful of our customers and our employees. But you know, we're also very concerned about our pilots and flight attendants that they fly these routes, and we consult with them and the labor unions as well to make sure that we're all coordinated when we make decisions. Exactly the process we went through this time is process we'll go through again. And we're set up to do that on a regular basis.
Robert D. Isom: Mary, again, I went through the process that we go through. And again, we get information and we have very good sources and of course the government as well. That's how we go about making our decisions. So we feel very comfortable with the information that we have right now, that we're doing the right thing and feel very confident that our employees and our customers are safe.
