Doug Parker: Thanks, Derek. Before we get to questions, mistakenly think the America West team as [indiscernible] instead of the entire American Airlines team that's clearly 40 on this crisis certainly feels like the old American West days at that times. Hey, Derek thanks to the entire team, of course. And on that note, before we get to questions, I do want to again acknowledge the amazing work of our team. Although we certainly did not none of us could foresee a pandemic like this. The fact is, here we are living that exact reality. And if a pandemic wasn't enough to test our mettle, we've also experienced the sad and stark reality of how far we have yet to go in this country and our quest for inclusion and equality. This summer, we along with the rest of the world, have seen the brutal murders of our fellow citizens and brought to light the reality and persistence of systemic racism in our country. In the wake up the passing of our friends, Civil Rights Leader Congressman John Lewis, is fitting to State clearly once again, black lives matter. While all of us have a responsibility to create a better world for our black neighbors, coworkers, friends and fellow citizens, I can assure you that in American Airlines we stand proud and ready to do our part to support and lead in the areas of diversity, equity and inclusion. On that note, operator, we are ready for questions.
Doug Parker: I'm sure, I'll start Helane. You're not being a jerk at all. It's a fair question. We -- as you know, we built up a good bit of debt on the balance sheet as we as we modernize our fleets. The good news is we do have the most modern fleet industry and we don't need to continue do that work? We're happy with the fleet air we've used this opportunity to accelerate the retirement of a lot of our older aircraft, which will make us even more efficient as we emerge in this crisis. We believe the aircraft that we have remaining in our fleet is about the right size or the network, we're going to need as we move, into 2021. If indeed that was not -- turns out not to be the case. We will adjust accordingly of course, but it's that more about the right size of the network as opposed to the debt levels. The answer the debt levels is to get the airline to be cash positive. As I said again, our goal is to do in 2021. And to use all the cash we generate to reduce the debt level, which we will do over time. All of us have increased our debt burden to this crisis to fund the losses and you're right method was higher than the others. I would note, first half, we do have the maturity profile is in our favor, at least as relates to the crisis. As Derek stated, we don't have other than $750 million term loans due in the middle of 2022 is our next large non-aircraft in debt payment, which helps of course. As to what it's done to -- as opposed to a recession, obviously, increasing interest expense. As we look at our interest expense in 2021, at least right now. The interest expenses would be about $300 million higher than what we spent interest expense in 2019. Aircraft debt I think a couple of hundred million more so total, $500 million of additional expense. That's, that's certainly not something we like, but the reduction in management specialist headcounts we talked about saving is more than that. And on top of that all the other efficiencies that Derek talked about add savings in addition to that. So, we are highly confident that as demand returns and as we return to taking care of customers we will be able to service the debt reduce the debt load as we as we go forward as we intended it.
Doug Parker: Yes, Vernon. We tried I think in our comments that much of the -- as Derek said, the cost reductions are largely in place. And there's some that occurs into the third and fourth quarter. And then certainly with the October 1 day we are -- we have the ability to reduce our labor costs, somewhat -- those are enormous numbers in terms of daily cash burn, that’s a kind of $3 million or $4 million a day [exact] numbers on that. The bulk of what would be required to get to improvement is demand improvement. So, what we've said again was that we expect the sequential improvement in the third quarter, fourth quarter – third quarter and then our fourth quarter the third quarter and then into 2021 to be have a goal of being cash positive. So, but those trends are much more about demand -- gradual demand improvement than they are about cost improvement.
Doug Parker: Yes, I mean, the legislation as proposed by our Unions, just as a simple extension of the PSP program, so the dates change from October 1 to March 31. That would I mean that our commitment to in voluntarily separate anyone would be extended till March 31. And the funds that the -- funds that were allocated in Case 1 of $25 billion to compensate airlines for retaining, for paying our team that would be reallocated. So, you wouldn't have that savings and you'd have funds that come in to offset the savings.
Doug Parker: Sure, [indiscernible]. Never on the matter and just please note that those are the in number is approximate. So, we want to try to imply a certain level of precision around that number that you should put precise numbers on these daily cash burn numbers. But so I think -- I'm sure you did the math right. We have very limited demand growth in that $13 billion quarter end number, so not much at all and in our -- real -- much increase in the fourth quarter not really consistent with all of us we just described. So anyway, we at our conservative as it relates to demand. And as we said on the expenses where it is I'll just give a little commentary on these just these daily cash burn numbers, but which I know are important to our investors. They vary so much certainly by month and therefore by quarter sometimes, we need to be careful about looking at those as real trends as long as you understand that. And as far as you understand how they compare to others and all others exclude different things than we do. It's not a GAAP measure. I know we also have important measure that's why we give you a quarter ended estimated liquidity balance but less. But we try to have less focus on that actual number, because there's just so much variability around it.
Doug Parker: I'll start and Derek will give more specifics, I'll let him. But it's really hard to give any sort of targets at this point into 2021 and 2022 and beyond with any sort of specificity, and so it's so much dependent upon what happens with return to demand with managed return. What I know is that as again, we have a goal of being cash -- getting ourselves cash positive in 2021. That certainly requires some demand growth, but we don't think unreasonable demand growth. And we believe we can do that as that happens and as there's more stability, first, as that happens, we will definitely be using all free cash to retire our free cash flow to retire that and as we have more certainty as to what the economic environment looks like going forward, we can give you better indications of kind of calls on debt levels and credit ratios going forward. It's going to be hard for us to do on this call.
Doug Parker: Well, I guess it's going to be kind of like what at this point in time now describing what the next three years looks like is not the easiest thing to do. But sitting here right now to get first I'd like I can get to the first one pretty easy which was getting through this crisis and continuing this airline back to where we're generating cash. So, we're talking about burning cash. So, that I know we can do, look they'll pay you this one and it may be helpful. As horrible as this crisis is and there's not much because you can say about one nice one thing. The one opportunity it's given us which I think is more helpful to us than others. We American and then we cover. And it gave us a chance, post integration to literally start to take the largest airline in the world and start to and shut it down and start it from scratch. That's a real opportunity that we're using. That allows us to only add back what makes sense. Things that might have taken us a very long time to continue to get through in getting manage our reductions and giving over every time getting more efficient throughout the airlines flying exactly where it makes sense. Look at network and say in total it makes sense but some routes not doing as well as others. That's going to make us much more efficient, we come out of that. Out of it, we're excited about that. So, we're going to add back only what makes sense. We'll come through it more efficiently. That looking forward to that day, when we're through all this and we can and we have that advantage. So, that has been helpful to us, and again something that I guess say probably because we had more need to do that coming still through integration. And that gives us more opportunity to do that. So, anyway as it relates because of that. Once we get to a more steady state environment, what I think you'll see from American is or is relative to our competitors, our relative performance will be improved. And as the industry improves, we will endeavor to what's reaching to pay down the debt we've had we've all had to incur to fund these lines.
Doug Parker: Yes. Again, I think the guidance we gave was to give you the liquidity numbers the liquidity and additional finance and so you can calculate from that, from the estimated cash burn. I'm sure there you know the other ones --.
Doug Parker: Yes. There I know that guy too. And I also know he said it's anyone's guess and now what's your guess. So, it's reasonable, I don’t have any reason to tell you that we disagree with that and certainly kind of what we're planning or is a look forward is consistent with that type of recovery. I don’t think any of us believe that we're going to get anything close to. I mean, the old demand until there is a vaccine, it's widely spread. So, anyway until that point, on that point I hope he's right that once it happens, demand returns quickly.
Doug Parker: Oh yes, there again what we've seen with certain cases we saw some -- we saw what was a continual growth in demand sequentially month-to-month plateau. And so, that certainly happened. And as cases hopefully fall in the future, one would expect that you see what we saw through April, May, and June, as demand recover somewhat. But again, nothing that we would anticipate, really gets back to the kind of demand we talked 2019. And how the country's moving. And I mean, this is the last of our peoples concern about flying and much more about having a reason to travel. And having business open and moving and having places to go when you travel and not needing the quarantine. And as those things happen, more and more people will travel but clearly in some cases all that's not going to happen until we get to a vaccine.
Doug Parker: Thank you very much for your interest and we appreciate if you have any questions, either contact Investor Relations or Cravens. Call the Investor Relations department. We appreciate your time. Thanks, bye.
Derek Kerr: Yes, I'll look Helane, but I don't see it, it's got to be interest rates going down in our variable debt is over 60%, 70% of our debt so it's got to be driven by that.
Derek Kerr: Yes, and David, I mean, just from a cost perspective, we were down 46% in the second quarter, that trended even tighter was 41 in April, 49 in May, 48 in June. So, in that area where we were from a capacity perspective, so that could change just depending on if you add back capacity don't add back capacity. But that's kind of a trend we were running from a cost perspective throughout the second quarter, those will stay -- those will remain and only increased by capacity, because all of the costs have been taken out. And as Doug talked about, there might be another little step function in October depending on where we go from that -- from a cost perspective in October.
Derek Kerr: Yes, on the one item, I know for sure on the pension side of things, we do have to make a pension payment on January 1, which is a holiday. So, we ended up having to do it on December 31. So, there's not a -- it's not a zero number in 2020. But, we had originally thought it would be around 500 now it's down to 140. So, there's a significant savings there. The -- we have gotten some tax refunds in the $170 million range which have been positive and one of them is $85 million, we're getting this quarter in the third quarter. And then the deferral of those other taxes, we have them all in 2021 anyway so that you're going have to pay them back in 2021. So, the net impact over ‘20 and ‘21 is zero.
Derek Kerr: Right. So, I mean we have an appraisal on both of the transactions. I mean, as we went into this process, as you know we ran appraisals on everything, because we needed to do that as we were looking at the government loan and what we wanted to do with a government loan, so we ran an appraisal just on the frequent flyer program and then we separated out everything else and put it into the brand discussion, I would say. The value of that is -- it depends on where the value is, but somewhere in the $10 billion range, whereas the frequent flyer program, as we've announced before is somewhere in the $20 billion range. So we've done appraisals on both, that is a transaction we've been working on for a little bit this recent one. And as we negotiate it got ourselves the ability to do an extra $4 billion underneath that transaction and it's held up by an appraisal that that we've that we've done.
Derek Kerr: We have not reached the conclusion -- we have not reached a conclusion with Treasury yet. We're still working with Treasury on the trans on the $4.75 billion transaction and where we will go there. But I think it's, as we've seen, it is not a Ford Mileage transaction on top of that as you know our competitor was very successful and did a really nice transaction to take their frequent flyer program and take it to the market that is available. It probably would take us a little bit of time to do that, just because our company is our, our frequent flyer program is not set up as a separate company, which our competitors was for them the ability to do that transaction. So that ability is there they you mean we're at $4.75 billion we have a bigger program and I think they raised $6.8 billion $6.9 billion against it. So, I think in the future, that transaction is there. It's not there today for us, but it is there in the future. So, if we cannot utilize the room underneath the government loan that transaction is available in the future.
Derek Kerr: Yes, and Dan, I'll give you a little bit I mean, just we part of the debt that we took on as a revolver obviously a 2.8. So, as the as the cash balance works out, we would return the revolver. As you know, the CARES Act loan and the PSP loan, which combined our $6.4 billion are pre payable at any point in time. We have pre payable aircraft mortgages of $3.1 billion, and our SGRs are pre payable, we can pay down in a point in time. So, we have $17 billion to $20 billion that is as long as we get the liquidity and get the cash that we could use that to pay-off the debt that's there. First thing we would do is a revolver and we would just return the revolver when we're comfortable and that's about $2.8 billion of the debt.
Derek Kerr: While, I think the third quarter cost down is going to be adjusted because with seats shared as we pull the capacity on. So, we ran about 46% in the second quarter down in cost. We believe that we're going to fly, so we fly -- we flew a little bit more in July but we think we're going to pull down August and September. So, I think that it'll be a little bit lower than that but not too far off. So, in the -- if we're at 46 for the quarter, we're probably going to be in the 40, 42 range for that in the third quarter from an expense standpoint. And then from a revenue standpoint, we were at 86% down in the second quarter, maybe 80% in the third quarter, 75% to 80% in the third quarter but it's depending on what we do with capacity in August and September which as Vasu said we're looking at that now and with the buyers to bring it down.
Derek Kerr: Yes. I mean, right now we have Federal at 90.1 billion stated about three. We believe we can use them, we're still as we look at forecast out we believe that they will all be used in the ones in 2023 will be used. If not, we will as put up and evaluate each an allowance for them if you look at the forecast and assume that they can be used. But as of right now, with the cash ability and changes we can do, we believe we will use all that point one that we're on prior to prior at the beginning of this year. And that and all will be used by 2023. We've got enough room to be able to use them all.
Derek Kerr: Hey Justin, this is Derek. The plan is to take those aircraft while we're working with Boeing is a firm upset financing and make sure that with the delays in the aircraft that that financing is firm. We are having really good discussions with the Boeing team, working hard, they're a great partner for us. We totally plan on taking those aircraft, there's 13 that are built that haven’t come to us yet and there is another four that are supposed to come by the end of the year; so another 17. So, we're going to Boeing to make sure that those are financed as we said in the comments that we don’t plan on taking any aircraft that are financed. But we're working well and we're also looking at the 21 and 22 aircraft. So, we're not done, we're in we're talking with them and all conversations are good and our plan would be to still take all 100 aircraft we have on order over time and just when we take them is the discussions that we're having. But good discussions, not done yet, will be done pretty soon I think.
Derek Kerr: We hope all 17 is this year but it all depends on when you when the aircraft is back up in the air and how quick they can get them and deliver them. But we would be okay to have them all this year. Some of them may slip into next year but I would assume by early part of next year they would all be here.
Derek Kerr: We will not have any left over from the PSP. I think the amount of PSP there we received was about 76% of the salary over the second and third quarter. So, there won't be any money left and we can't use that PSP money for severance and other things; that's other cash.
Vasu Raja: Hey, this is Vasu. Thanks for the question. I'll start into that. Look what we're seeing are pretty consistent trends with what you've heard reported, we're seeing right now net bookings down 75% to 80%. This is a market difference from where we were certainly in the month of June and even in May. What American Airlines saw and what we've probably disproportionately benefited from was that a number of States across the Sunbelt started reopening in May and June. With every phase of reopening, we saw steady improvement of net bookings, both among our leisure segments and among the business segments, added probably high watermark is net bookings across the system were down 50% the Sunbelt, they were down, net 35% to 40%. Now we're seeing that down net 75% to 80%. Still our Sunbelt bookings outpaced the rest of the system. As we go forward, we anticipate many of those trends to continue. We see really a minimal -- really a token amount of business travel out there and not a lot of indicators that that's likely to improve. So unsurprisingly we're -- here we’re building the airlines capacity around that that demand projection, so, you see us taking down Q3 more and we're continuing to evaluate Q4 and beyond.
Vasu Raja: Yes. Yes, thanks for the question, Mike. I'm happy to do it. In fact, let me put my answer in some context here. That -- in American Airlines we have sort of a unique problems we look all across our hubs. Our hubs excluding the Northeast that is New York and Boston and the West Coast produce unit revenue premiums of 10% to 12% higher than the industry, indeed has grown since the time of our mergers, we've up gage rebuilt the regional network, improved connectivity and grown in Dallas/Fort Worth. In the Northeast and the West Coast, however, we produce a 10% [rather] deficit to the industry. This is important because about 22% to 23% of our 2019 capacity is deployed on the West Coast and the Northeast, put that in perspective about DFW in 2019 was about 26%, 27% of the airline, Charlotte was about 12% to 13% of the airline. So we have a material amount of our capacity in these markets in both of these cases but the West Coast and the Northeast infrastructure is constrained. And we're in a situation where we're really too small to win and too big to go and exit. And so we need to figure out a way and it’s just such a massive customer base that we need to find a way to go and access that revenue. So in our partnerships both with Alaska and JetBlue what it is entirely about is creating different and creative, competitive alternatives to the larger networks that our competitors offer on those coast. And that's what that was exactly what you see us doing. So, we continue to go and build our Seattle hub and together with Alaska, we will go and create the best of the network on the West Coast with JetBlue. American Airlines is historically and New York State a great case study for this. Historically, we have a 10% originating share in the largest air travel market in the world. We operate 50 seat jets and some of the most expensive aircrafts and expensive airports in the world. And so by doing this, we leverage the strength of both of these companies. The play here is very much that if we can do this, we go and attract more customers to have our joined up networks, financially that of course rectifies, the very massive revenue problem that we have across our hub system, it creates a really pro competitive outcome. And very importantly, it keeps these really vibrant and independent competitors, vibrant independent competitors. So, we are really keen about all of them, the big onus is on us to go and execute make these partnerships as seamless as possible. And we're working very ordinately at that. Indeed, today we're announcing Alaska's formal invitation into one world that will really accelerate the process. And we're envisioning by the end of this year for worst case. Early 2021, we'll have them as a full-fledged member. And we are eager to go and progress the integration with JetBlue as well.
Vasu Raja: Yes, I can’t. Thanks for the question, Jamie. The way we've envisioned it, it would be really a pretty broad partnership, where of course, we would have extensive code sharing back and forth, frequent flyer benefits and a big amount of corporate dealing. A big part of what makes this go certainly as we look at it something that we think will be great for customers back came into, we envision being able to take out things like 50 seat regional jets, which are on a many ways really uncompetitive product and a place like New York or Boston and arrange a number of slot moves within JFK and LaGuardia such that certainly and we can grow its mainline presence. That's where you see us adding more long haul services in New York. And indeed, over time we anticipate being able to do a whole lot more of that. And then, of course also for our new partner JetBlue, they also get to go and expand. So, in doing that, we see a lot of ways that we can get work together that may be a little unconventional from traditional co-shares in the past that can create a huge benefit for our customers A very big benefit to our team and can help both of these airlines really participate in the recovery as in what happens.
Vasu Raja: Yes, that's an excellent question, Dan. And sound way to think of the problem. Yes, look at it to clarify the numbers, in 2019 about 22%, 23% of our capacity base was on the West Coast New York, Boston, right compare that to our two strongest performing markets of DFW and Charlotte, which collectively represented about 48%, 49% of the airline. So, there's a material amount of capacity that and for a long time has been producing [TRASM] below the industry average. Now, in the perfect back half of 2019, I think a lot of the way you describe that makes sense. The open question is, how the world recovered and how quickly we can achieve steady state. But for that reason, these partnerships are all the more critical to be able to be done now, because the reality is left to everyone's own devices, the third and fourth largest carriers in New York just won't be able to compete for a New York for a diminished New York originating premium customer given the current demand outlook that's there. So by having this maybe a little bit of time before we're able to we’ve achieve some of the financial goals that we want from this thing. But for us, as long as we are doing what is right by the customer in New York and Boston, providing real competition to the larger networks that we face there. There's a real path for how we go about doing it. And as you say, there's probably a lot of upside through this thing that we envision being able to go. And certainly scale the massive fixed expenses of operating in a place like New York over things like wide bodies instead of over things like 50 seat regional jets. So we think that there is a lot of long-term economic benefits there. The current crisis that the pandemic creates the uncertainty and demand makes it a little bit of an uncertain path for how we go from here to there. But the core way in which you're thinking about it is similar to how we think about.
Vasu Raja: Hi Stephen, this is Vasu, thanks for the question. We're additionally keeping both the Philadelphia and the New York hub. And we've seen this before. Look what when we put the merger together, there is a lot of worry that DFW Charlotte and the DFW Phoenix which are overlapping and contradictory purposes. Indeed, as we grown anyone, we've seen the RASM performance of all of them grow by having multiple how does it that have similar purposes you can go in and create a lot of value for the customer. And we see the same footprint not just with New York and Philadelphia but the three hubs at New York, London and Philadelphia. That we're going to go into a world where international is going to have a much longer recovery path. And frankly, American Airline already was producing less than industry RASMs in international. So, we envision Philadelphia as being the primary connecting point. In Philadelphia, we can connect between 90% of the country through there. The low exceptions being New York and Boston and Upstate New York. In New York City, we will focus it very heavily around O&D Markets out in New York and a major connecting market that be it things like Vegas, Orlando, things like that. And in London, we have a great market and with our partner IAG the opportunity to go and expand London where we can go provide more current activity not just in the Europe but in the places like Middle East, Africa and India. Between the three, even though we go into a world where demand is more competed, where next year we will be a materially smaller carrier and an extremely smaller carrier internationally. This enables us to go and take a bigger share of what demand is there, provide a maximum amount of connectivity to the customers in the process.
Vasu Raja: Hey Tracy, this is Vasu. Thanks for the question. Look, it remains to be seen. So, much of what this crisis is, it's not just the demand as well but it's such uncertainty about it. Yes, we do see evolutions that are out there but in many ways we're already seeing as that the customer segmentation is changing a little bit from business and leisure which airlines and historically defined and in different kinds of transactions and much more what customers are keen to regain. So, to resume their economic flights and which customers are less ready to. And often times the differences between those are a function of people's confidence in resuming it and necessity. So, a great example of this is whenever we were in the first week of April which is probably our lowest point for booking small-and-medium sized book -- business bookings out of Texas were almost zero. They were like 10,000 a week which is not even single-digit percentages. By June the 15th, after Texas went through phase III reopening, they had increased 300% to 45,000 or so which is still relatively small but far from -- they are far from where we would like them to be. And that same period corporate books didn’t really change it all. So, it is likely to think that for a period of time, one business bookings as we historically call them is going to be very different and companies are unlikely to go and resume their economic life. So, it's bigger companies. And there is a lot of uncertainty around what and how smaller companies might be. So, we are planning certainly for some very conservative assumption and in many ways is continuing to adapt the airline for the change in customer base had become.
Vasu Raja: Hi Ali, this is Vasu, thanks for the question, good to speak again. Look, we haven’t finished loading all of that changes in the August or even in the September. And how we load that change is probably going to occur over multiple periods of time. As we've kind of described before, we've changed a lot of our internal processes around is whimsical. In this environment of uncertain demand, we will have to adapt and we have to be flexible. So, we describe ourselves as being nimble or adaptable, it's not using this and we're flying more, it means exactly that. That in the pace of uncertain demand, the airline has to evolve. And so, while we envision viewing really in August you'll see it pretty consistent with our comments on this call that we continue to see our biggest hub DFW and Charlotte building, we anticipate keeping the connectivity there but doing a lot of other adjustments because markets are a much more dependent on business style traffic are likely to not come in. To put a finer point on it, once we cross Labor Day, historically in this airline about 40% of our revenues come up off business and it's pretty unreasonable at this point to think that we'll get anywhere close to that. And so, we really said we're more dependent on business or likely to come out. But rather than making a single blanket call and taking it all at one time, you'll see us make this cut over a period of time. So, we envision really in August where we're still taking bookings that are lot more of our capacity, we'll sit in the biggest hubs than not. And as we mentioned earlier, we'll take some pretty material reductions to what we're out there selling both in the second-half of August and post-Labor Day, such that Q3 capacity will be at a minimum down about 60%.
Vasu Raja: Well, what I say there has been definitely some seasonality to it. And really it's not very much of a change of thinking about keeping the airline schedule and operating fact that's really flexible so we can adapt to the change in demand landscape. And that's what we've been doing throughout the crisis, we'll continue to do along the way.
Vasu Raja: Hey, this is Vasu. I'm starting with the question. We've and the candid answer is that we are still looking at it and evaluating it, discussing heavily with our partner IAG. And then, so we don’t have a lot of insight yet but in the next few days and weeks we expect it.
Vasu Raja: Yes. The only thing I would add to that matter is that as Doug said it did very much work well for us. Simple way to think of it is we have come 60% more than our primary competitors and generated 60% more passenger revenue. So, by any means, being able to have that come in was big and a big part for what our cash burn looks the way it does. But also require finer point on few things that Doug just mentioned. Look, it taught us a lot too along the way as we went through June. Fewer than 2% of our flights were flying below 25% but very too strong with our DFW and Charlotte were 60% at the airline and produced 11 and 12 set RASMs which even in a normal June would be a really good June for many of the airlines all around the world. So, that were very instructive to it and also by flying that big, we got to get a really we have to try a lot of things across the commercial organization that has taught us a lot about how our customer base is evolving and those are all things we're putting into practice. And like Doug said, this was a tactic of managing and it was really a one-time thing that we did knowing that June and July would be months where if there were discretionary leisure travelers, that's the time to get them. And clearly in the fall where the airlines becomes more dependent on business travel that is no longer a planning reality for us. And so, we're adjusting that we're taking the insights we learned along the way with us.
