Doug Parker: Thank you, Dan. Thanks everybody for being on. Happy to report our earnings today, $1.6 billion pre-tax earnings, excluding special charges, that’s the second best in our company’s history. It’s worst over the last year, which was the best. Last year, we made $1.9 billion on similar terms. I am not particularly happy about that, but that is revenue driven. Scott will talk more about that and the trends there. On an EPS basis though, adjusted EPS, adjusted to the fact that we are booking taxes this year and didn’t last year. You will see that our earnings were actually – EPS, adjusted EPS was actually up 7% even though the pre-tax earnings were down and that’s due to our share repurchase activity, which Derek will talk more about. So, all-in-all, really great results for the team. They are the result of great work by a phenomenal team. We got 100,000 hardworking people in American Airlines. They are out there doing an amazing job of taking care of our customers and we are extremely appreciative. So with that said, I will turn it over to Derek and then Scott to give you some more details.
Doug Parker: Well, I think we are being adequately aggressive and properly aggressive. Our view, as we stated many times is after we go through and make sure we are investing in all the right things, our people, the airline, our customers paying off high cost debts, the question then becomes of the cash we continue to generate in excess of that, what should we do with it. And certainly, given our view of the future that we described and where the market has the stock right now, it appears to us that the best use of that cash is to buyback our shares and we are doing so, I think in a reasonably aggressive way, but that’s the current plan.
Doug Parker: It’s only because we have a lot of our employees who listen into these calls and you mentioned that pension, I just want to make sure I explain to everybody kind of what’s going on there. The issue is you may or may not be doing that Julie. I mean, we are fully funded per some airline pension funding rules and more funded in that regard than our competitors on the pensions. We, at American, are required because of the way these – because of the fact, frankly, the American didn’t file a bankruptcy and Delta Northwest did or Delta United did, we are required to move off that funding plan and two other funding plans sooner than they are. And as Derek said, I think that’s ‘18 or ‘19 for us. So, that will require us to move up to a higher level at that time. We could do it today if we wanted to. This is not a funding issue. It will never be a funding issue. It’s just what’s the right time to pay debt amortizations, and this is – so we will pay that when – we will fund at that as we are required to. We are fully funded now higher than our competitors and will be funded at a rate higher than them when we do this. But we don’t think – none of us think it’s in the best interest of the company to go fund it in advance or to be over-funded on something that doesn’t have a return. So we will keep doing until that we are well aware that it’s not an issue whatsoever and it’s fully manageable, it can be funded now.
Doug Parker: Yes, hey, Edward, it’s Doug. I mean, look anyway, first off as you know, we came in with two realms of two large fleet orders and we have been trying to get them better coordinated this helps. And on the Airbus front, you should talk to them, but it’s been a very popular product as you know and they sold a lot of them and they are trying to meet all their customers’ needs and this deferral, I think, was consistent with that.
Doug Parker: So, it worked out well for us and presumably worked out well for Airbus, but we did not – we certainly did not pay any penalties for it.
Doug Parker: Alright. We have no additional closing remarks other than thank you and please let us know if you have any further questions. We appreciate your time.
Scott Kirby: Thanks Derek. Let’s start but talking a little bit about our operational performance and then turn to the revenue environment. American’s operational performance for the first half of 2016 has been strong. On a year-over-year basis for the first half of the year, all performance metrics improved for both mainline and regional operations, especially D-zero, which was up 3.3 points for mainline and 10.3 points for regional and our mishandled bag rate which has been reduced by 24%. Of course summer thunderstorms and high load factors bring incremental challenges for our team, but the people of American Airlines are continuing to do a great job taking care of our customers and improving the operation month-in and month-out. On the revenue front, 2Q PRASM came in at the high end of our forecast. And while it’s still a challenging revenue environment, 2Q is better or less bad than 1Q, so we have at least started to see some second derivative improvement in PRASM. Domestically, consolidated PRASM was down 5%. We saw the strongest year-over-year performance in Phoenix, followed by DFW as our second best performing year-over-year hub. Internationally, as we are beginning to overlap the dollar strengthening last year, the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar and declining international fuel surcharges getting smaller and drove a 0.6% decline in PRASM. The Atlantic was once again our best performing international region despite the high levels of capacity growth, with PRASM down 6%. Across the Pacific, PRASM was down 15% on 21% ASM growth with continued weakness in both Japan and China, but good PRASM results in Hong Kong and Korea. Latin PRASM was down 10%, but we saw a particular strength in Mexico and Argentina and an improving trend in Brazil. Looking forward, we expect the third quarter to continue showing modest second derivative improvement in year-over-year PRASM. Regionally, we expect the Pacific and Atlantic to remain challenging with double-digit year-over-year PRASM declines. But domestically and in Latin America, we expect continued improvement relative to the second quarter, which will result in low single-digits PRASM declines in both entities. We see particular strength in Mexico and it appears that capacity cuts are finally starting to catch up to the declining demand in Brazil. Also, we will begin benefiting from the new credit card deals that most of that revenue will show up in other revenue. With that, we expect our total RASM – not passenger, but total RASM to be down 3.5% to 5.5% year-over-year with about 1 point of that coming from the new credit card deals. And going forward, we plan to continue guiding to total revenue – to total RASM. While we don’t really have enough bookings or data to have a forecast that’s any more reliable in the analyst community, as we look to 4Q and beyond, we expect to see continued second derivative improvement in the year-over-year total RASM performance and we are looking forward to getting back to growing RASM. We’re also excited with our plans to introduce basic economy towards the end of this year and premium economy at some point in 2017. We believe that product segmentation is a transformative change in how we segment the product to give all of our customers choice in what they prefer, whether it’s more inclusive product bundle or just the bare bones, low price. Also as Derek mentioned, we also lowered our capacity guidance for the back half of the year, which is really just a normal and natural reaction to a decline in year-over-year PRASM and higher fuel environment. In conclusion, we still dislike negative RASM, but we feel good about the path that we are on to get back to RASM growth. We continue making gradual improvements in our core results. Our new credit card deal will add significantly to revenues over the next few years and we have some big opportunities ahead of us with product segmentation. When you put it altogether, we feel very good about the foundation that we are building for the long-term, which will enable us to run the world’s best operation and drive higher revenues.
Scott Kirby: Okay. So, I guess we are seeing something a little different. You know all of our competitors said it. Closing yields are still down year-over-year, they are still negative, but we certainly haven’t seen another like down. Actually, I would have said probably quite really optically that things look marginally less bad for us on closing yields. But some of that is probably because we do I think have a little bit of a different competitive environment on a year-over-year basis. We have had some huge headwinds from a competitive perspective. Dallas Love Field is one of those big headwinds domestically that drove a lot of capacity growth in our market. And now we are starting to overlap that. And so we have what would be a more normal comparison with the rest of the industry looking forward. And so that probably means that we are seeing something perhaps it’s a little different than our competitors on a year-over-year basis. Secondly, we have had on a year-over-year basis, while we still probably have the most exposure to ultra low-cost carriers of any airline. They aren’t going in our markets anymore at least to a large degree. And so we have less of that incremental pressure and they are adding capacity in other places. And when they do that causes closing yields to decline in those markets. But we have already had that and we are overlapping now on a year-over-year basis, where they are effectively flat in our markets. And then third, we have been less involved in some of the pricing, I don’t think is the right word, pricing issues going on between airlines. We have been involved on the periphery, but some others have been more involved in lowering fares in each others markets than we have and so we have probably benefited from not being quite as involved in that.
Scott Kirby: Yes, we did, but it wasn’t very big. It was in the $20 million range for us, but it was very small from the Newark perspective. But we did make an adjustment and wrote those down to zero.
Scott Kirby: Well, look, I still want us to have the highest pre-tax margins amongst the network carriers. I still think we will get there. And I think we are on a good path. We took a step back from, well, a few big things that disproportionately impacted American and these kinds of things are cyclical and they will eventually come back. But you look at Venezuela first, which had RASM that was four times our system average and the country fell apart. And you had Brazil which was 80% something above system average and the country fell apart. Those were massive, massive headwinds that drove 3 to 4 points, just those two issues, 3 to 4 points of system PRASM and 3 to 4 points of margin decline. So, the hell we had to overcome to get back on those things was bigger, because those big macro exogenous events disproportionately impacted American. That said, it feels like we are – those things are about to be in the rearview mirror. Brazil is no longer a negative. Venezuela is still a big negative. It’s still – RASM is going to be down 35% this coming quarter again, but it’s coming off a much smaller base. And so now you are something that we call out as a system level impact, because it’s coming off a smaller base. So, we have had some really big headwinds between that Dallas Love Field growth and those headwinds are now in the rearview mirror and we have a more normalized, at least on a year-over-year basis comparison to the rest of the industry. And I think you are starting to already see our – as we look out our RASM results start to reflect that. We have also been at least one hand tied behind our backs in the last few years as you get through integration and you have all your resources, you have systems locked down that even when you know you want to make changes you can’t, because during the middle of converting the systems and our hands are getting untied now. We still have some of that work left to do but there is more coming. We would have had basic economy and premium economy, which I have said I think I will be disappointed if they are not $1 billion a year. We have those done by now if we hadn’t been in the middle of integration, but we have been in the middle of integration and we have had to get through that. So, I think we are going to continue to knock those kinds of and many other smaller projects out along the way and that we are on a good path we get our credit card deal done. Others get theirs done ahead of time, we get ours done. So I feel really good about the path that we are on and ultimately our goal is to have the highest pre-tax margins amongst the network carriers.
Scott Kirby: I think that there was absolutely no choice, but to compete and to match pricing of nonstop competitors, so just absolutely no choice. And it’s not a matter of vindicated or any other of those words. It’s what you have to do. And it’s what we have done and it’s the right strategy.
Scott Kirby: Okay. So I will try on both of those. First, I think there still is a relationship between fuel price and revenues. It comes with the lag. I have historically said four months to six months, one of our competitors said nine months. It does come with a lag. And I think revenues will be higher in the fourth quarter than it otherwise would have been if fuel was lower. Now fuel prices, whatever it was yesterday, $47 a barrel, while it took a very brief spike down to $35 a barrel, I doubt capacity ever adjusted all the way down to $35 a barrel and you saw earnings improve dramatically as a result. So I am not sure what the right comparison is if it was $35 a barrel or $47 a barrel where people were planning capacity from, but I think there still is a link. Second, I think there has been another structural change in the industry. And that has been in particular the growth of ultra low-cost carriers that was a structural change, a structural change that required a structural response. The structural response is twofold. It’s one, to compete with them, which we are doing. And the second one is product segmentation. It has been a structural change in the industry, where 20 years ago we segmented customer demand based on fare rules. And if you are a business traveler, you are – the higher the fares, the low fares, which were designed for leisure customers, required a Saturday night stay, you had to buy 21 days in advance and that didn’t work for business travelers. That kind of segmentation doesn’t work in today’s world anymore. And so we have to change the model. And changing the model is going to product segmentation, which is what basic economy and premium economy are all about. Now, I wish we could have done that by snapping our fingers like we could make a change in the fare filing and these ultra low-cost carriers grew that we could have immediately affected that change, but we couldn’t. And so we had to compete first and then we will get to segmentation starting with basic economy later this year and premium economy next year. And I think that’s going to address the secular change from ultra low-cost carriers. But we have taken a leg down because of that and I think we will recover once we get those things in effect. As to the fuel hedging question, there is two reasons to not hedge fuel and actually I would have said the tie to revenues is maybe the second one. The biggest reason to not hedged fuel is because it’s of rigged game that’s impossible to be. Fuel prices, most of the time, are trading at contango. So while fuel is $47 a barrel today, if we try to buy fuel for a year from now, its well north of that. In addition, we all realize the risk that you take if you just do countless callers. And so what most people do and the prudent view is that you should buy the options. So if you want to buy an option for a fuel a year from now, Q – you are going to pay an $8 to $10 option premium. So fuel prices have to go up varies on times depending on how big the contango is and how high volatility is, but in the 30% to 50% range just to breakeven. And when you are playing a game that you have to have oil go up 30% to 50% to breakeven, it’s impossible to win in the long-term. You can be days that you win, but it can be months that you win, but it is impossible to win in the long-term.
Scott Kirby: So first on Brexit, I think in the near-term and I will define near-term as being until the UK actually leaves the EU. So 2-plus years, depending on when they trigger Article 50. There is sort of I think of it as three effects. One is the currency effect, which is a pretty clear negative. Actually we look that currency by currency, what has the biggest year-over-year impact, it’s been the Brazilian real for a long time, it’s now the UK pound because of the decline in currencies. And by the way, we generated about 4% of our revenues are sold in British pound. So currency decline is negative. The second point is that it will happen over the near to medium-term, the indirect direct impact, I actually think will be positive. When I say direct impact, I mean the number of people having to fly back and forth across the North Atlantic, particularly business customers as there is a lot more consultants, lawyers, bankers that are likely to be flying back and forth, figuring out what the heck this means and what are we going to do. The third and most concerning thing that will be – that has the potential to be negative is in the near to medium-term, is if it creates business confidence problems. We have seen historically, that when there is business confidence, one of the first things businesses do is cut travel and entertainment budget. That’s not something that would uniquely affect the UK or the EU, it will be a more broader impact. I was gratified to see that while the market fall for two days after the Brexit vote, it has bounced back and that’s usually a pretty good indicator of confidence or highly correlated with confidence. And so I think it’s unlikely that we are going to see a big change of confidence. So all of which means, I think or the next few years at least, there is not going to be much impact from Brexit when you sort of do those three items. Don’t have tons of data, we have a months worth of data so far and our booked revenues have improved in the month since Brexit happened, at least relative to where they were before. So hard to see any evidence that it’s a big problem. Longer term, the issue is going to be obviously what happens with the UK economy, what happens with the banking industry in particular because that is a big component of revenue across the transatlantic and what happens from a regulatory framework. But near-term, I don’t anticipate an awful lot of issues.
Scott Kirby: Well, look, Europe is probably the only region in the world that I think is going to get sequentially worse from the second quarter to the third quarter. Specifically, it will be about the same on RASM, domestic and Latin, as I said in my opening comments, going to get better. We do expect Europe to get worse, although it’s really core Europe more than it is the UK. Europe has several almost, I guess, three strikes against it looking forward. It’s, one, there is more economic uncertainty. It’s not just from Brexit, there is more economic uncertainty and it’s a challenging economic environment in Europe, so the macro is not good. You got accelerating capacity growth across the Atlantic. So, it’s a second strike for Europe. And third is currency. So, the one impact of Brexit that actually is identifiable negative is currency weakness. So, those three things, I mean, that’s the one region of the world that we think is actually going to sequentially get worse in the third quarter, but it’s really not a UK issue, it’s actually more core Europe than it is UK from our perspective.
Scott Kirby: Well, I said double-digits in my opening comments and I am not going to put a finer point on it than that.
Scott Kirby: Yes, we have cut capacity – I don’t know 3Q or just 2Q, we started cutting capacity in 2015 and we could see these results clearly deteriorating. We were surprised actually in 2015. I think, every carrier that flies from Brazil to the United States not only increased capacity, but increased capacity by double-digits, except for American Airlines. So, I think we are probably down 35% to 40% from where we were back in ‘14 today. But in the second quarter for the first time, we actually saw industry capacity come down. It’s going to come down even more in the third and fourth quarter. And as a result, Brazil, which was running down kind of 35%, in the second quarter RASM was down 13%, in the third quarter, we expect it to be positive. Now, we are getting a boost in the third quarter from the Olympics. So, I wouldn’t necessarily expect the fourth quarter to remain positive. Although our guess is right now that the fourth quarter will remain positive. There has just been an awful lot of capacity come out and you just got to such a low level, I mean, the RASM will still be down. I don’t know the number, 40%, 50% from where it was at the peak even if it turns positive in the third and fourth quarter, but it’s certainly – it feels like it’s not getting worse anymore. It’s not really on – it’s coming off a low base. It’s not really on a rapid recovery, but it does feel like it’s not getting worse anymore.
Scott Kirby: I don’t know what our capacity is right now. As I look at it on our overall longer time horizon, over a longer time horizon, we are down probably close to 40%, but I don’t know what it is 3Q versus 2Q.
Scott Kirby: Well, look, it’s a really competitive environment and it’s still a yield in RASM, negative environment across the board. So, we are impacted by that. I think we get better at competing in that environment. The more experience we get with it, we work – learn things that work, learn things that we can do better, but the biggest thing we can do really is the structural response. And I know on these calls we typically focused on what’s going to happen in the next quarter or the next three weeks and have a pretty short-term focus on it. But the biggest thing we can do is get the product segmentation right, not just for investors, but for our customers, where we can give customers what they are looking for, whether they want a really cheap barebones low price or whether they want a product that has more amenities and is a higher quality product. And it’s taking us time to get that done, but that’s really the right structural response. So, we feel pretty good about where we are. We think that we are on a continuing trajectory and we expected to have a positive trajectory to get back to positive PRASM that happened this quarter and we expect it happen in the second quarter and expect it in the third quarter. And we think we are going to continue on that trend. So, we wish it was PRASM was positive today. We wish we had a benign competitive environment, but we have what we have and we think we are making good progress.
Scott Kirby: Well, they continue as they have been. We had corporate demand up and we continue to win share. I think corporate revenue was down 1% for us in the quarter, so obviously it’s outperforming the rest of the system. But I think it’s much like it has been. Corporate demand is strong, but we have a lot of low fares in the markets, so we are getting the deal right now.
Scott Kirby: I don’t think so. I mean one of the things that is a close analog to that probably is every airline has increased density on aircraft. And so we have done it, but all of our competitors have as well. And at least as with regard to RASM, that we typically think of those extra seats is coming in at 50% of system RASM. And so we put another 12 seats on the 737-800s that, that 12 seats is 6% of capacity, it means that all those flights come in, the RASM is 3% lower than it otherwise would have been, they are profit positive. But I think that is – that is probably a change that has driven lower RASM, at least across the industry, it has a corresponding benefit on the cost side of course, that would drive lower RASM. But we still have high quality schedules for business travelers. And I don’t think business travelers are flying less because maybe you have 14 flights a day in a market instead of 15 flights a day, I don’t think you are really losing any business. But people are resigned to stay home because of that.
Scott Kirby: Well, usually, the Olympics, World Cups, conventions are a negative for revenues, because business travelers just stay away, because they can’t get hotels and worry about the crowds and some business travel dries up. We have seen that in all other Olympics. We have seen that in the World Cup. In this case, Brazil is so bad that there is no business traffic or close to no business traffic. As of this year, I think there will be a positive just because Brazil has fallen so much before. 2 years ago, I would have thought the Olympics would be a negative and it would have been 2 years ago. But today, because things have fallen so much, they are going to actually be a positive.
Scott Kirby: Yes. I think what’s driving this year is primarily for a full year effect, it’s salaries and benefits and adding back in the profit sharing. So that of a full year, we have guided right around 5, that’s almost 4.5 of it. The third quarter change from the second quarter is really driven by maintenance timing. I think we had a 1.7% good guy in maintenance in the first quarter, 1% in the second quarter and it’s shifting almost exactly opposite in the third and fourth quarter with about a 1.6 headwind in the third and a 1.4 headwind in the fourth. So it’s really a shift in the maintenance timing. Year-over-year, our maintenance is flat, it’s up 0.1, so it’s virtually flat. But it’s the timing of things moving from this year in the third and fourth quarter more than last year being in the first and second quarter, so that’s really the year-over-year timing. As we look forward, we don’t – we still have one contract to do that is not in our guidance, that we are still working hard to get our mechanics in our RAMP contract done and we want to get that done as soon as possible. That would be the biggest headwind going into next year from a CASM perspective. Other than that, we believe we should be in the zero to 2% range going forward and we don’t see any major CASM headwinds looking out into ‘17 or ‘18.
Scott Kirby: Well, I didn’t say abandon, but yes, that’s right. It’s the better metric to look at more an increasing percentage of our revenues come in the other revenue line. The credit card deal is obviously a big component of that. But also as we move into a world of basic economy and premium economy, there will be a higher amount of revenues that come in other revenues, and that’s really the most important metric. So, we are going to be guiding to RASM on a going forward basis.
Scott Kirby: Well look, we have a great relationship with IAG and we talk to them all the time about what the right amount of capacity is and will this continue in the normal course in that process and we will react as we see things happen in the market, but there is nothing specific to talk about today.
Scott Kirby: Well, we didn’t specify and there really isn’t, because we still have to work through the plans on where we are going to fly with the existing fleet. It – really, what this does is give us flexibility. All these aircraft were scheduled to be replacement aircraft for existing aircraft and so we can extend some of the leases longer to keep the existing flying and/or growth plans in place or given a weak international environment, we can keep some of those requirements in place as they were and pullback on what our growth plans otherwise would have been. So, it really just gives us flexibility.
Scott Kirby: Well, in order to defer, you can’t just unilaterally decide to defer aircraft and call Airbus or Boeing up and say, hey, we are going to defer aircraft and they say, okay. You have to work it out with them. And so we have just needed to find a point in time, where it was in Airbus’ best interest to defer the orders and ours. And so the timing is really about when it works for both sets of partners.
Scott Kirby: No, this was something Airbus also wanted and so we were able to work out a win-win for Airbus and American and...
Scott Kirby: Well, we don’t have anyway of knowing why bookings are lower or why revenue is weaker. Europe is the one area that is going to sequentially get worse in the third quarter than the second quarter. But whether it’s that or whether it’s the economic weakness or whether it’s Brexit or whether it’s just the currency impact or whether it’s all the capacity growth, there is a lot of things that could be driving it and it’s probably all of the above.
Scott Kirby: Well, we have got a partner in Madrid with a hub there and we just thought it was the right route to come. There is going to be 78s, 9s that will be flying to Asia. We are taking a lot of deliveries and they will be coming, but starting it off, it worked for the aircraft rotation and worked flying into one of our partner’s hubs.
Derek Kerr: Well, look there is lots of capacity growth everywhere, it’s not just domestically, lot of capacity growth across the Atlantic and Pacific in particular, lot of capacity growth actually in the Caribbean and Mexico. The one place, internationally, at least, where we finally started to see capacity start to right-size to – well, I don’t know right-size the right term, start to at least adjust to the demand environment is South America, where Brazil actual saw declining capacity and we continue to see declining capacity going forward. Domestically, I mean, it’s mostly across the board. We still see higher growth in Dallas out of Love Field. The good news for us is that, that growth as we get to September, we will overlap the last phase of Southwest growth. And so at least the head to head competitive environment for us relative to where it has been will improve in September, but really there has been a lot of growth everywhere. Los Angeles has been a high growth market, but I don’t think other than Dallas, I would single out any particular market for high growth. It’s been across the board.
Derek Kerr: Yes, we are thinking right now, 2019 or 2020, but it just depends on also aircraft purchases and other things like that. So, I think we are looking at more ‘19 to ‘20 for cash taxes.
Derek Kerr: Yes. Helane, I would say the answer to that is yes. Our number one job is to get through the merger and complete the merger. So, there are areas where we do have extra headcount to make sure that we get the operation running right, to make sure that we complete the integration. So yes, I believe over time, we will pull it back and become more efficient, but I think right now we are doing the right things to make sure that we get everything running right and get the integration done. So, I think over time, it will come down, but over the next few years as we look forward.
Derek Kerr: Well, I think that if we look at CapEx, we talked about it being at $4.4 billion this year, goes down to $4 billion next year and then down to $2.1 billion, $2.5 billion, $2.5 billion. So the significant reduction in the CapEx will help all those leverage ratios out. So I think those will be benefited as well going out throughout the year. So, I think all of our metrics from a leverage basis get better as we go through ‘17, ‘18, ‘19, ‘20 as the aircraft CapEx gets reduced over that time period.
Derek Kerr: Yes, two things. One it will be we are going to use cash to complete the integration and continue to do all the projects that we are – we have got on the list as Scott talked about, basic economy, premium economy, cash will definitely go to that first. As we look at pension requirements, our first pension requirement payment is in ‘19. We have a small requirement in ‘18, but the biggest requirement is in ‘19. We do have the possibility to do that early on the pensions in ‘18 if we want to get 80% funded in the ‘18 timeframe. So, that’s a possibility to do, but it’s not required to do our requirement is in ‘19 to do that. So, I think the biggest uses are going to be making sure that we have enough CapEx. We have $1.2 billion this year in CapEx. We expect that to maintain, if not grow a little bit in ‘17 and ‘18 just due to all the projects and the backup demand that’s there for everybody. So, I think that’s where we will more likely go than any early pension payments, the requirement and the pensions in ‘19.
Derek Kerr: And Julie, this is Derek. Just one follow-up to that question. From a debt – non-aircraft debt payments, next year, it’s only $100 million for us. Year after that, it’s only $600 million. We do have an unsecured bond in ‘18 and we will – if there is any opportunities to prepay any high cost debt, which we have done a significant amount of and we will do at any point we can, we will use that cash to prepay any of that. We don’t have any planned in ‘17 and ‘18, but if we find things that we can prepay early, we will use any cash to do that in ‘17 and ‘18.
Derek Kerr: That’s just aircraft CapEx. Right now, we are showing $1.2 billion in ‘16 for non-aircraft CapEx. We think it will go up to $1.5 billion in ‘17 and then probably $1.5 billion, I just put $1.5 billion for both ‘17 and ‘18 as we finish off and then will drop off in ‘19 and ‘20. So I am trying to get done with all the basic economy, premium economy, all of the interior work that we are doing and all of the completion of all the merger activity we will have higher non-aircraft CapEx in ‘17 and ‘18, but then get back to that $1.2 billion, $1 billion run rate in ‘19 and ‘20.
Derek Kerr: There is still some gauge increase. Some of that is going as we modify the aircraft, so maybe 0.5% of that will be gauge driven.
Derek Kerr: Correct. There is only from a delivery perspective, we only have about 12 aircraft of gauge coming in ‘17, so there will be some effect from the ‘16. We had 42 aircraft coming in ’16, so there will be a little bit affect that next year. This year, we had a gauge difference of about, from an ASM perspective, of about 3.3. Next year, it’s probably about half of that, 1.5 points to 2 points on the regional perspective.
Derek Kerr: No, we think it’s the right thing to do. We think its earnings positive in that world. I mean look, in a world where RASM is declining and/or fuel prices were going up, it just becomes mathematically true that everything across your system gets a little worse. And so the bottom 1% has a higher probability that it’s no longer profitable. It is true that you can’t get 100% of the cost out in the short-term that does drive CASM pressure for us, but we think that, that the capacity changes we made are both revenue and earnings positive beginning in the fourth quarter even though we can’t get 100% of the cost out.
Derek Kerr: Let me see. Let me try to grab that for the 5-year plan. Go ahead and ask another one and I will pull that question and I will pull that answer.
Derek Kerr: It should stay pretty stable where we have it right now. So, our interest expense line in ‘16 is forecast to be right about at $1 billion and we forecast it for the next. Depending on what we do, I think, right now, we expect to finance a fair amount of those aircraft, so if we do that, we will reduce that pretty much commensurate with what we bring on. So, our interest expense should stay pretty flat over the next 5 years under that methodology. And we have reduced the cost of the debt from 5% down almost to 4% debt, which is as we have refinanced and financed these aircraft at really attractive rates we have reduced our overall cost of debt down to around 4%.
Derek Kerr: So basic economy, I think we will start to have an impact probably on March of next year what I would say. And then premium economy, while we will roll it out at some point in ‘17 because it will also be tied in – we are going to treat premium economy like a separate cabin essentially. So different than what other airlines might call premium economy today, more expansive, more what it looks like or more how it’s treated internationally or how we are going to treat it internationally as a separate cabin. And because of that, it will have impact on the frequent flyer program and so that will probably be for 2018 really because we need to tell our frequent flyers in advance how it impacts the frequent flyer program.
