Doug Parker: Thank you, Dan. Thank you everyone for being with us. We are happy to report our results. Fourth-quarter pre-tax earnings excluding special charges were $773 million. For the full-year on that same number we produced $5.1 billion of earnings. That’s the second-best year in American Airlines history, second only to 2015. We are particularly pleased with our revenue performance. Our total revenue per ASM was up 1.3% in the fourth-quarter. That is our first year-over-year increase since the fourth-quarter of 2014, and we are the first major airline to be able to report year-over-year improvement. Now our unit cost increased more than we’d like, Derek will talk more about that. That’s certainly more than we’d like to see on a run rate basis. But that is almost entirely due to increases in our employee expenses. And as Derek will describe that growth should taper off as 2017 unfolds. And we expect additional cost savings in 2018 as we complete our integration. But look, our people deserve these compensation increases and more. They are doing an incredible job of taking care of our customers and managing through this integration. Our earnings include a $314 million accrual for profit sharing. This will be the first American Airlines profit-sharing payment since 2000. And that’s due to a program that we at American unilaterally implemented for our team in 2016 and that we are very excited about. The fact is the exceptional performance by our team is being noticed. We are honored to be named Airline of the Year by Air Transport World for 2017. That’s the first time American Airlines has won this award since 1988. We know we have a lot of work to do. Our team is excited about that fact. But we are back in consideration for being amongst the greatest airlines in the world, and that is a validation of all the work our team has done. We expect and intend to remain there. And we do not intend to wait 30 more years to win this award again. So with that said I will turn it over to Derek to give you more details, and then Robert.
Doug Parker: This is Doug. I don’t know that we have broken it out. But anyway, know that we believe the value is there, and as Robert just described given the size of the value we want to get there as quickly as we can. We also need to make sure we manage it properly. So as anxious as we are to get it in throughout the system we are not going to go in a way that we can’t manage well and our people can’t manage well. So I think as you go to model this side I would, again, if it were me I wouldn’t build a whole lot into 2017 because we are going to ramp it up, but and then hopefully we will surprise you on the upside, but know that it’s going to be there in 2018.
Doug Parker: We understand your desire to know more. We just don’t have much to tell you at this point because we need to go do the work. We, frankly, haven’t spent a lot of time doing that just yet because it’s a ways off because we are still working through the integration. But we wouldn’t mention it if we didn’t think it was a material number, but we don’t have any idea what it is yet. And we wouldn’t want to give you a number and not have it be something we’ve given more thought to it.
Doug Parker: It’s not even close. It’s cost – it’s revenue. So you can do the analysis here, Hunter. If you look at our gap in margin versus Delta it’s more than 100% revenue, so that’s where it is. That’s the good news, by the way, because that is, one, you are starting to see it close now and we have a number of initiatives that we have to put in place that they to their credit already have in place like Basic Economy. And a number of other things that Don and Robert can talk about, but that’s where the upside is without a doubt. The leverage in this company is in revenue performance to closing the revenue gap, that’s why we are investing so much in the product and that’s why we are investing in the team because we know that’s where the leverage is. It is to close that revenue gap and that is the entirety of the margin gap, indeed it’s more than 100% of it.
Doug Parker: Well, again, I will turn it over to the experts first who can give you more details. But know this. Some of it is just where we fly. If you have a large operation in Latin America right now, while that’s a source of the improvement year-over-year it’s also the lowest margin client in the world right now. So some of it, and you will see this from time to time in each of our airlines as we move forward, there will be certain pockets that we fly to that are producing lower margin and others just because the world economies vary. But that’s not the entirety of it by any means. I just want to point that one out. So you see some of that. But look American Airlines are not too long ago didn’t have a RASM gap to Delta Airlines. We’ve gone through a lot. And they’ve been well ahead of us in terms of getting a merger done and being ahead. So that’s where the upside is, and, again, I will let Robert and Don give you more details.
Doug Parker: Look, Hunter, so of all that you just heard I mean everything, most everything Don talked about is not share shift but actually just doing a better job with the existing revenue base. And then what Andrew talked about, obviously, is just getting back to our natural share. It’s not trying to go steal share. We’ve gotten to a point where we have less of that traffic that Andrew talked about that we believe in airline of our size and quality should. So we are going to given all the investment we’ve made we believe it’s natural we should get that share back. Look without, anyway, I will give you my best guess. It’s 80% of the gap closure is going to be doing a better job of just managing our revenues better and 20% of it is getting back some of our natural share.
Doug Parker: Look, I think we’ve tried to answer that. Here is what we believe. And once we get through what we’ve built into our 2018 plan for expenses, we believe, I’m sorry, 2017, thanks Derek, we believe in 2017 what we have built into our 2017 expenses and therefore what you see in what Derek gave you for guidance, we believe we have everything we need to go compete.
Doug Parker: So and, again, that’s the belief. Other airlines go and make other changes. We may need to adjust accordingly, of course, so caveat as we should. But this isn’t, we feel really good about once we get through 2017 we’ve got the investment in the airline we need to go run it. Look, I’ve got to tell you there’s one other thing going on, though, as you should know which is the reason we have a cost advantage that I talked about is because we still have some of our employees making less than are being paid at other airlines. That’s something that, again, we have contracts in place and things like that that you need to be thinking of that as you go forward. You should not expect that we are going to try and run our airline as we sign new contracts with a cost advantage versus those airlines because we don’t intend to. Our people are the best there are. So know that. That cost advantage no one should expect to be long-term sustainable.
Doug Parker: Okay, we’ve got to be a little careful about what we talk about, obviously, in the future and how we plan to return – how we plan to redistribute to shareholders, but I will say this. We are happy with the dividend that we are providing shareholders at this point. As we talk to our shareholders, at least those shareholders of American Airlines today they seem more excited about share repurchase activity, the dividend activity. That, of course, could change and we will keep talking to them. So as it relates to the share repurchase, I will let Derek talk about where we are on that activity.
Doug Parker: We talked at length about the upside we think we have on the revenue side. And we continue to believe the industry in total is being undervalued just because of shareholders who are concerned that this really, the issue really hasn’t changed the way we believe it has. So we are really quite bullish. We think there’s now some – we think the industry multiples are lower than they should be and within the industry we think American has more upside than anyone else. So long as we continue to produce earnings that we expect, so long as having used those to continue to invest in the business at the level we think makes sense, which by the way we are investing more capital in this airline than has ever been invested in an airline in the history of commercial aviation and we are proud of that. We are going to be putting out a product that’s so much different than what the customers of American have seen in the past as we move forward. And we are excited about the that. But, anyway, as we continue to be able to do that to the level we need to and we still continue to have excess cash which we expect we will be returning that to our shareholders as we should, particularly at peak moments.
Doug Parker: So anyway, the short answer is yes, we believe we can close all of it. Clearly the economies may vary and we will see. And we think we can do the majority of that through 2018.
Doug Parker: Thanks. That’s what I was trying to get at. Okay. So you gave a number for the 2015 K, we’re $1.5 billion. We’ve disclosed that we have indeed signed a new contract and we’ve talked you about the incremental increase. But I think you should add those two numbers and come to a total number, butit’sup to you to decide how to estimate where we are now. So anyway look, as Derek was saying the increase is entirely due to just getting a higher rate per mile for the credit card. So, of course, that will fall almost entirely to the bottom line. Now the initial $1.5 billion you’re talking about, that number is the number that we were collecting at that point in time and, of course, we have to redeem those miles. So there is some cost to that, costs we don’t disclose. But you can rightfully assume that it’s a nicely profitable business or we wouldn’t do it. So we were happy with what we were collecting before the new agreement and now we have a new agreement where we are collecting more. So those I think are facts as we can disclose them. But look, on a bigger point I just want to point out, Joe, you know we’ve noticed what you’ve written on this and look, we agree with you. This is the amount of revenues that the airlines, and particularly American, collect on our – on these marketing agreements, these credit card agreements are different kinds of cash flows than airline cash flows. They are tied to purchases on credit cards not due to airline economy. So I think you are right to suggest that investors should look, should do their best to look through and understand the level of those cash flows and the certainty of them. To which point you are going to say, well, then why don’t you give us more information? And which we will tell you we are tied to confidentiality. But let us go work on it. Let us figure out what we can do to give you more information. I think it is important to our shareholders. I think it is an area where shareholders have understood more how much of our profits and how much of our revenues are tied to things that aren’t really related to the ups and downs of the airline environment, that they would have even a better appreciation for why we are so bullish on this airline. And as we do that what you would learn, of course, is that there is none better than the American Airlines AAdvantage program and our relationship with two providers Citi and Barclays. So we agree with you. Just let us do what we can. We have to live within agreements and we can’t violate those, of course. And we won’t, but we also want to do our best to let our shareholders understand the certainty of the cash flows.
Doug Parker: We are not giving forward RASM growth. But absolutely, if you see higher growth in ASMs, all else equal you would expect to see the RASM growth decline and the CASM growth decline. That’s correct. So, again, make your own revenue forecast, but certainly capacity growth matters.
Doug Parker: This is Doug now. So thanks for asking, Mary, because we worry. It’s important that we let our shareholders know where we think our cost structure may be headed, but we care a lot more about how our team knows they are going to be treated going forward. So we get really nervous when we start talking about redundancies, and that’s why we are being very careful about what we see in the future. The last thing we want our team to think is that we have some large reduction in force coming because we are not going to do that. We are here because of our team. And to the extent we have the ability to manage the airlines, we get to one airline with fewer people, we will make sure we do that in a way that is cognizant and respectful of the people that have gotten it to here. So we will manage that through attrition and we will manage it through, perhaps, early outs. We will do all sorts of things to make sure we do it right. By no means are we going to do something that doesn’t fully respect all of those that got us to this point.
Doug Parker: Sure. Well, as Andrew said we are hopeful that the Trump administration will give the Qantas JV application a second and more favorable look. We also have an industry effort underway, United and Delta and American together are advocating that the United States government take another look at the Open Skies agreement with the Gulf countries. It’s pretty well-known. A hallmark of the Trump campaign and certainly something that we’ve heard a lot about in the first few days of the administration is the President’s focus on making the world economy one in which American companies can compete better and we think our Gulf carriers campaign is very much that. So we are looking forward to having the opportunity to speak with the new administration, the new State Department, the new DOT about that campaign as well.
Doug Parker: Well, no, because the new administration, while the President is in place and very energetically starting to his administration, the rest of the agencies that are important to us haven’t been stood up yet and secretaries haven’t been confirmed.
Doug Parker: Thanks. David. I don’t think we’ve ever done this before, but we are running out of time. One of the things we like to do at American, at certainly the new American is same day we announce earnings we go have a big system-wide call with the all of our employees that have been calling in here but what is going on the state of the airline with live downstairs with people that are here, but also for people listening in. And that is due to start in 10 minutes. We need to get downstairs. So apologies if we are cutting anyone off. I think we have time for two more. So operator, two more please.
Doug Parker: Great. Thanks. Thanks everybody. Apologies if we didn’t get to your questions. Obviously, onto corporate communications and they will be happy to get you responses or if it’s investor questions call into Dan Cravens, Investor Relations. Thank you all very, very much for your interest. These are exciting times for us at American. We appreciate your interest in all that we have going on. Talk you soon. Thanks, bye.
Don Casey: Yes, clearly the product features that we have are not changeable, not upgradable, reduced elite qualifying miles as well as no seat selection in our effective barriers for business customers. This is really all about tapping into the willingness to pay for existing product that’s difficult to get at given the current distribution model which just shows the lowest fare. So those product attributes we think business customers are going to be interested in paying a bit more for our product that we offer today. And as we’ve talked to our appropriate customers since we’ve made the announcement they don’t want us to distribute the basic product to them because they don’t see it as attractive. But there’s also an opportunity, we believe, to capture an increased willingness to pay for leisure customers, as well, that are buying further out. And for that we think the carry-on bag restriction or the checked bag-only policy related to the product is actually quite critical to tapping into the willingness to pay for leisure customers.
Don Casey: From an inventory perspective, I mean both the main cabin product and the Basic product they share the same inventory. So we are always going to have both products available for our customers. But we will continue to match the ultra low-cost carrier pricing with our Basic product and the Basic product is going to exist on all of the flights that we operate in each market.
Don Casey: Yes, just to touch, basically go back quickly to the segmentation. All the segmentation we are doing, as I mentioned earlier, is it’s just capturing willingness to pay that we are unable to capture without the discounted segmentation model. And that’s really growing the pie. We don’t have to take traffic from anyone else to be able to increase revenues. Just on the revenue management side of things we’ve been on a journey here for the last few years for reinventing how we do yield management and revenue management here at American Airlines. We already started in the summer of 2015 when we launched – got a new forecaster, but the new forecaster isn’t really just a black box that suddenly now gives a different number. We completely redid the entire workflow and process within our yield management function. And that was a very, very big change of management process. So we changed the role of the analyst, what they do, how they do it and what they focus on. It did take a while for us to bed that down and get our feet underneath us. Certainly some of the benefit that we’ve seen over the last six months is just better execution on the YM side of the business as we get better and better at the execution in our new field management process. And we’re really not done with that either. That’s really just the first step down this path. We have implemented an entirely new inventory system in October that gives us a lot more capabilities based on the new inventory system and the structure we’ve created in our forecasting model. We’ve implemented a new optimizer which, again, optimizes revenue across the network. That was done in November. And at the same time we’ve reorganized the way we use our inventories which gave us more inventories. We are selling the premium cabin in our domestic business. And we have seen quite material benefits of that, as well. But the optimizer, the new inventory system, more inventories for selling premium product, those are benefits that are going to materialize as we look forward.
Don Casey: Well, I mean it – it really varies by very dramatically by initiative, initiative by initiative. The big ones we have talked about, so Premium Economy or Basic Economy, reality is they’re probably going to be 20% this year and 80% next year just based on the where we are in terms of the rollout plan. Some of the things we are doing in the sales side of the business and we are doing on the revenue management side of the business we are going to get to probably I’d say about 60% to 70% of that probably in 2017, the rest of it coming in 2017.
Don Casey: Obviously, the key thing is trying to figure out what the price premium can be for the main cabin product compared to Basic. And that is going to be a function of the competitive environment. And we are just going to have to figure that out as we go. Obviously, where we compete with Southwest but that does not have a bag fee we are going to have to, again, test to see what kind of premium we can get for our main cabin product versus the Basic product.
Don Casey: Our pricing for the product is going to be in the marketplace in the middle of February. And so until we get the pricing in the market I don’t think we really can talk about what kind of premium we are going to see.
Andrew Nocella: Yes, this is Andrew. It’s flat this year. As we look at the balance of international versus domestic it wouldn’t shock me if we slightly toned down international and add a little bit to domestic this year, but that’s not the current plan. We will just watch the trend. And if those trends continue I tend think you’ll see a little bit more next year given that’s where the RASM growth seems to be given the international environment capacity and demand environment right now.
Andrew Nocella: This is Andrew. I think capacity in South Florida and the Caribbean is really elevated. So it is putting pressure on our Miami hub and I think all South Florida operations. That looks like it’s going to continue for the next few months or quarters at this rate.
Andrew Nocella: I’m not sure I’d say it was optimal. We are working through our regional jet requirements and making an assessment of where we want to be for 2018. We did as you see from the stats reduced departures and grow ASMs, and we’d like that trend and we did, in fact, plan for that. As we look forward for next year I do think we will stop shrinking the regional capacity at this rate because we don’t want to cut our scheduled depth far more than we already have.
Andrew Nocella: On the sales front, Hunter, I think as we look back over the last 12 to 18 months we undersized the salesforce, we have not enough boots on the ground to deal with the potential of corporate contracted revenue that’s out there. That’s, obviously, some of the best revenue in the pool to grab, so we are taking a close look at that. We are going to expand the salesforce. We have worked a lot of process out so we can empower the salesforce to be much more competitive out there. And we do think as we look at the number of contracts we have relative to our primary competitors we have fewer. We are going to close that gap over the next 12 months. We just brought in a new global senior salesperson, Alison Taylor, who is leading that effort. And it’s going to have a really, I think meaningful impact, over the next 12 to 18 months.
Andrew Nocella: Well, Helane, this is Andrew. I think American’s position across the Atlantic combined with our joint venture partners, particularly British Airways, is really strong. What we did in the first quarter was cull some flying that was incredibly unprofitable, so you see our ASM shrinking just a bit. But that capacity has moved to the third quarter which is a lot more lucrative for us and, obviously, the industry. So we’ve moved capacity where we think it needs to be. We don’t intend to cede our position across the Atlantic to anybody. And we are working with our JV partners to make sure we have an effective plan going forward to compete. And that is continued segmentation of the product as we talked about for the future. So we feel bullish about that. It’s definitely going to be a really tough competitive environment, particularly I think over the next year, year and a half as we see these capacity inflows. But our position is it’s good, London Heathrow is the best hub in Europe and we feel good about it.
Andrew Nocella: This is Andrew. We are excited to get this resolved with the DOT. We think there is a lot of consumer benefits and we are anxious to make our case and get a fair review going forward. So we will get that going in the near future.
Derek Kerr: We really haven’t gone through that process yet, so as we talked about on the last call there’s opportunities. We just haven’t been through it. When we get through all of the work we are going to do on it in 2017 we will give you some guidance going into 2018. We have given you where we think 2017 is going to be and it comes down throughout the year. But as we’ve talked about on last calls I believe the next two years can be, obviously, no more than 2% and should be we can get it below that. So we haven’t really gone through it. We are not going to peg a number at this point in time. But we will give you more as the year goes on probably at the end of the year as we go into 2018.
Derek Kerr: Well, we haven’t given you the full year on RASM. So I think that would give you an answer of what we think our RASM is going to be for the year. I mean – no, no. What I was going to say is we have the aircraft CapEx at $4 billion. We’ve talked about continuing to finance aircraft. We believe we will finance somewhere in the 70%, 75% of that range, so if you take that with the debt payments at $2.1 billion and the pension payment at $300 million, you can use that information to get where you are with whatever your RASM number is for the full year.
Derek Kerr: I think the third and fourth quarter slowed down versus the first and second quarter as we, the two things that we did is we looked at our minimum cash levels and we’ve raised that from 6.5 to 7. So we have probably less excess cash than we have had since the beginning of the merger. So I would expect it to slow down a little bit, but that all depends on timing and where we go with things and what the forecast looks like. So I would hate to project what we are going to do during the year. We just announced the new $2 billion program, so I won’t project how quick we are going to do that. It all depends on what the outlook looks like moving forward and where we are going to end the year and we adjust it quarterly depending on how everything looks.
Derek Kerr: Yes, I think we are still working through that. It most likely we will have it later in the back half of the year, probably in the third of fourth quarter. No expectations yet. I mean we have – we’ll go through where we are at that point in time. But our plan is to have one later in the year and have a Media and Analyst Day at the same time.
Derek Kerr: I think, Joe, what we had said at that point in time, you are right, because all that changed in that transaction was a higher dollar amount for each mile paid. So, in other words, the program was in place, we were getting X for what we were for those miles and that number went up and changed. So that increase was, but the base program is not all incremental and not all single margin, but that increase at that point in time was just a higher paid fee to us per mile.
Derek Kerr: Well, we announced that it was going to be $200 million in the first year, $250 million in the first year, $500 million in the second year and $800 million in the third year. So that was the three-year combination to get to the $1.5 billion of the increase for the next year.
Derek Kerr: There is a little bit of increase in debt just due to the aircraft coming on. So it’s really driven by the year-over-year increase in debt is that because we took some on last year. Project debt to be up somewhere, net debt to be up or total debt to be up somewhere in the $800 million range, so just slightly up in 2017.
Derek Kerr: No, we just pulled it forward into 2017 just to make sure that we are fully funded from an airline relief act. That’s the only thing that we did. We used to have $1.4 billion in 2017, we just pulled $300 million of it forward in 2017 and left the $1.1 billion in 2018. So that’s the only change to the pension payment.
Derek Kerr: 2017 is. 2018 is not, because that’s when the relief act goes away. The liability, our total liability was $17 billion and our assets are about $10 billion.
Robert Isom: Well, if you take a look at the last few years I think we’ve had our hands full with integrating the airline. In many respects we’ve run two if not three separate systems when you think about pilots, flight attendants and the aircraft. The great news is we got our pilots and our aircraft altogether. That allows us to start making sure that we have our hubs set up and resourced appropriately. It takes a lot of complexity out of the system. Big upside for us I think is completion factor. Big upside I think is production of mis-connected customers. And then when you take a look at the rework that defaults with the off-schedule operation, I can probably talk more about this, we have a lot of investments we’ve been making in the last three years on top of integrating that are going to come to fruition in the next couple of years. So, for instance, in terms of bag mishandling I think there’s a step function improvement that we’re headed towards, not the least of which is just due to general improved operations but also technology that will help us reunite customers with mishandled bags in a much more expedited and hopefully cost-effective fashion. And so that’s going to be a benefit. I think in irregular operation, which has been really the biggest source of issue and concern with customers, it’s tough to put together two systems as opposed to one when things go off schedule. And the good news on that front is we have tools, technology both to get our aircraft and our crews and, importantly, our customers to give them choice to get back on schedule without having to wait in a line or go straight to reservations. That technology I think is all keyed up to come out this year and in 2018, and it’s going to be, again, a big step function improvement for us and something that other competitors have already done.
Robert Isom: It’s hard to quantify it. But I will tell you what, the vast majority of the integration benefit is really with the aircraft being able to be moved around. So there is inefficiency in the system. But it’s something that really at the end of the day is more an issue that we want to get, we want to take care of for our employees, that they are able to be based where they want to in an unrestricted fashion so they have the benefit of moving around, as well. So we are trying to get it as quickly as possible but I can tell you the biggest benefit I think will be for our employees. Maya you want to…
Robert Isom: Look, when we talk about redundancies we’ve hired a lot of folks here over the last few years. I think some order of magnitude almost 20,000 employees when you take into account attrition that has happened, as well. My view is that as we take a look going forward we are going to continue to have attrition within the Company. And the real benefit comes in not having to hire at such a fast pace than in the past. So the redundancies, and you take a look at how the airline is working, I really do think that it’s something that we take care of over time and are able to do in a really cooperative way with all of our employees.
Robert Isom: Sure. So in terms of on-time performance, on-time performance is generally a function of your schedule that you produce and maintenance reliability and then how well you execute day in and day out. The investment that we’ve made in bolstering our maintenance capabilities in our hub is significant with both manpower and systems and parts which is going to pay off. In terms of better decision- making, you are aware of the Integrated Operations Center that we’ve built which is state-of-the-art. I think best in the industry, and we are going to be able to take full advantage of that now that we are integrated. So the integration and having aircraft that are fully swappable throughout the system provides backup that we really didn’t have in many places before. So I do think that we are going to have a material impact in terms of on-time performance and in terms of completion factor and those will reduce cancellation or delays and mis-connected customers. I think there are scheduling opportunities that we can take a look at to make sure that we optimize our schedule for efficiency and making sure that we have redundancies where we need them and that’s a process that we are really finally getting started in earnest, as well. So we will start with a better schedule and we will have more tools out there. Now when things do go wrong with either mishandled baggage or passengers mis-connected or disrupted because of weather or whatever, we don’t have the tools today. But fortunately we’ve invested in automation that will help us, again, reunite customers with baggage and then also getting customers back on the way. So on those fronts today we don’t have a dynamic re- accommodation tool for our customers where they can go directly to the web or mobile to be able to get on new itinerary. That’s something that we will be incrementally rolling out over the next year and a half. There are new notification tools for customers in order to let them know what’s going on with their trip and with bags that we will be rolling out over the course of the next 12 months, which is fantastic. And so whether it’s baggage, whether it’s on- time performance, whether it’s the whole overall experience we are going to be doing a better job and, again, I think most of these things are upside for us that some others in the industry already have in position.
Steve Johnson: Hi, this is Steve. One of the reporters asked that question a couple of minutes ago, and we answered it more fully. But I will just say in the interest of time, yes, we do plan…
Steve Johnson: No problem at all. We do plan to refile the application with Qantas. It probably is a few weeks down the road just for the reason that I mentioned before is that the new administration isn’t in place yet, but we are looking forward to doing that and having another opportunity to make our case.
Steve Johnson: Yes, Steve Johnson, again. We filed that application sometime early in 2016. We also filed similar applications in the other countries that are relevant to the JV, most especially Chile and Brazil. The United States application is not going to be acted upon by the DOT until the Congress in Brazil ratifies the Open Skies treaty with the United States. We don’t know when that is going to occur, but you won’t see much action at the DOT until then. And then we’d expect it’s a complicated process and a pretty significant joint venture. So I would expect it would be another nine to 12 months at least after that happens before we have an answer for you.
