William Douglas Parker: I don't know. It would be really hard to tease that answer out of the data. There's been nothing that sticks out in the data that would make you think there's been any fundamental change in behavior. Our booking curves haven't really shifted with the exception that bookings close in have been stronger, but I think that's much more a function of just improved business demand, and perhaps, backlog of business demand when sequester kicked in, and we've talked about headlines before on these calls. But when the headlines were bad, and catastrophe around the corner, businesses tend to pull their horns in, and that lasts for a short period of time, but then for those -- for other businesses to be successful, they need to get out on the road and meet with clients and sell their products. And so as we've seen that kick back in, has been the only real change in the booking curve, and I don't think that's a change in the booking curve as much as just an improvement in the business demand environment.
William Douglas Parker: Sure. I'll take a shot at it, and I'm not going to give you much specifics because we're hot and heavy in negotiations with Barclays and Citi right now on the outcome of that. I would simply say that we are agnostic as to whether we have a single provider or dual providers. We care about the total economics that we think we can achieve. There's some advantages to having dual, but those come through in the economics. So if we have an offer that makes it compelling to go to a single, we will. And if it is more economically attractive to have 2, then we will have 2.
William Douglas Parker: Sure. Look, we were happy to see those moves by our competitors. And we have been saying for a while now that this -- that it feels different this time as the analysts will know what I'm talking about there, as we talk about this industry in the past has gone through these violent prose between profitable times that quickly turn to very unprofitable times, and we have been suggesting that this time around, it feels different, but indeed, we have an industry where it appears that it's going to be a much better industry for shareholders. Because we've all learned from the past and it's -- it makes it better for customers, by the way, the communities we serve, to have a more strong -- have a stronger and more viable industry. So at any rate, we -- these actions by our competitors seem to validate what we have been suggesting was the case that, indeed, there are -- the industry is in a better position to provide returns to shareholders. So as it relates to US Airways, as Derek noted, we have a healthy cash balance, as does our merger partners. So when we combine, we will have a healthy cash balance. We're -- we've been using that US Airways of late to pay down some lower cost debt, and we, certainly, at the new airline, are going to need some cash to facilitate transition costs to facilitate the merger, and we know that. But if there is excess cash, we will look to return to our shareholders. That's their money. We know that. And if we happen to have more cash on hand than we need to run the business, and continue to invest in the business, we will return to the shareholders as we should, and it's too early for that now, but I'm certain that will be an early topic of conversation at our new Board of Directors as to when that -- when, if ever, the right time to do that is, but we're happy to see it from our competitors. I think it's a good indication of the industry being more shareholder-friendly, and we have always been shareholder-friendly so it's good news.
William Douglas Parker: As you know, we've commented on this a couple of times. Happy to do so again, but it will be the same comments. The fact of the matter is we think the Charlotte Airport is incredibly important to the community. It's very important to US Airways. And under Jerry's leadership, it has been exceptionally well run and is a model, I think, of what communities and airlines like to see from an airport, highly efficient both in terms of cost and in terms of operating capabilities, and we love Charlotte. We love the Charlotte Airport and we don't like to see any suggestions that things might change there. So what's going on there, we believe, is unfortunate because everything was running so well. So you hate to see something that's running really well go through any sort of controversy like this. But having said all that, we have received assurances from Gov. McCrory, from the new mayor, from everyone involved in the situation that this political issue will not affect the operating performance of the airport, and we take everyone on their word on that point. And I believe that will be the case and look forward to getting this behind us and getting to where we have a more normal state of affairs there. But most importantly, making sure that this political issue doesn't have any impact on the operating -- on the great operating performance of that airport, and we're confident that, that will be the case. And everyone there has been very forthcoming in talking to us at US Airways, I'm sure other airlines, I'm sure Charlotte as well, and letting them know that while this is a political issue over governance of the airport that both sides understand the importance of the airport, and are going to make sure whatever happens in terms of governance doesn't affect operating performance.
William Douglas Parker: I think we're good. Thank you, all, very much again. We couldn't be any more excited with these results and again one, because of how good they are, but two, because what a great way it is to close out the US Airways story, at least, as it relates to earnings calls. We still obviously -- we got a lot of work ahead of us with the merger, but what a great way to go into a merger with this kind of momentum and similar momentum on the American Airlines side. We feel really good about the prospects ahead and what we have ahead and look forward to working with all of you as we go forward to do what's best for our shareholders, as well as our employees and the communities we serve. So thank you, all, very much, and we'll talk to you again next quarter. Hopefully, we'll be doing that as a combined American Airlines call. Thank you, all, very much.
J. Scott Kirby: There is an immediate uptick. It's not just for the pilots. It's for all the groups that have CWs [ph] at American and HDFA [ph], the [indiscernible] at American. And for the pilots on both sides, that is approximately $400 million on an annual basis across all those groups.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, first, I understand what the capacity increase in Q4 is. It's about 6%. One point of that is just running a higher completion factor because there was a lot of storm impacted last year. Almost 2 percentage points of that is we'll have fewer aircraft and seat check during that period. So it's just a timing issue of when planes are scheduled versus when they were in the hangar last year. And the remaining 3 points are more seats on the aircraft as we continue to put more seats on airplanes. And so all of those are, from a financial perspective, really efficient ways to add capacity because, obviously, the marginal CASM of flying an airplane that was in seat check last year is low. The marginal CASM of adding more seats to the aircraft is extremely low. And the marginal RASM, particularly on extra seats, will be lower, but it's financially positive. If you look kind of 2008 to 2012, I talked about our -- CASM x fuel was up 1.4% over a full 5-year period. That's partly because we've been doing things like that, adding more seats to airplanes and increasing the gauge of the airplanes. That’s been really efficient, and that's helped us have the best improvement in industry margins over that same time period as well. So there is more capacity. I suspect it will put pressure on RASM. It's too far out for me to really give you a good forecast of -- does that mean it's going to be above 0 or below 0. But I'm confident that the capacity we have will be earnings- and margin-accretive because it's such low-cost capacity.
J. Scott Kirby: I don't really know. It is true that revenue, as a percentage of GDP, is still relatively low today compared to what it's been historically. And I think whether that occurs on the business side -- if it improves and occurs on the business side or the leisure side, it's somewhat dependent on the macro economy and what happens really around the world on the macro economy. So I don't know that I would make a forecast of that today. One of the things, though, that when you bring that up that's important to recognize is that airline margins have improved and we have this -- a lot of you and other talked about capacity discipline. Well, capacity discipline is really met over the past 12 or 13 years, more than anything, is accommodating the same number of customers that we had before, but on more efficient flying. So canceling low-load factor flights. The 5 p.m. departure out of New York to Dallas or wherever was running full 13 years ago and is running full today. But airlines have all kind of independently gotten rid of capacity that ran really low load factors and we accommodated those same customers. So we've had an improvement in our costs. And in fact, load factors from 2000 up to the last 12 months have increased by 15% across the industry on average. Over that same time period, by the way, real fares have declined by 15%. So really, the story of the industry in the last 12 to 13 years, I think, has been about being more efficient about scheduling our capacity. We cancel 50% of our flying on the Thursday after Thanksgiving particularly -- on Thursday of Thanksgiving, particularly in the afternoon, where nobody flies. Ten, 12 years ago, we didn't do that. So that really is the story of what's happened with the industry in the last decade or so.
J. Scott Kirby: Dan, the sequester impact, at least, for government travel remains the same, about the same as what it was in March when we closed those statistics. Government revenue in the quarter was down 37%, which compared to where it was last year, would have been a full point -- over a full point of RASM. So that impact is still there. I think what happened in kind of the March, April timeframe though was all of the noise about sequester and problems in Washington caused other business demand to decline and people worried about the future. And again, we've seen this over the years that when the media is amped up about economic crisis or potential for economic crisis, we think they’re just pulling their horns, but they quickly get back to traveling because they need to for running their own businesses. And so I think we had a magnified effect in March, April, May because businesses beyond government employees also pulled back at the same time, and they've gradually gotten back to traveling and getting back on the road as the economy is doing okay and consumer and business confidence are okay. They've gradually gotten back on the road, but we still are suffering a full point of RASM just from government travel. And I'm sure that there's some revenue defense-related or others that would be traveling to meet with the government or involved with the government. That travel is also not occurring because of the sequester. So it's probably more than a point, but the other business and leisure demand is making up for it and still leading to positive, nice positive year-over-year results. But certainly, if this sequester ever goes away, you'd expect that there's upside to any of the RASM forecast.
J. Scott Kirby: Dan, I can -- we can barely hear you here. I think you asked about Europe, and we see strong business demand and leisure demand in Europe. Leisure demand is clearly strong. We've also increased our penetration of selling tickets to Europeans coming to the U.S. And then particularly, in business, we've done a much better job in getting business traffic on our planes. We actually, in the quarter, one statistic we watch is Envoy demand from corporate customers, which is clearly one of the focus areas, and that was up 16% in the second quarter. So as we continued to improve our penetration -- have continued to improve our penetration in corporate accounts on the continent, that has helped European performance significantly.
J. Scott Kirby: There's nothing contractual that prevents American from doing more flight scheduling like we do, running higher capacity in the peak periods and lower capacity during the off-peak periods. There's no systems. There's no constraints about doing that. That's something that's evolved over the years for us, and I talked about more efficient utilization of capacity. That's partly what we've done, is fly more when customers want to fly. It's not just flying less capacity in the off-peak periods. It's about flying more capacity in the peak periods. So just a simple example, the Sunday before Thanksgiving is just a normal Sunday schedule for us like all of the rest of the year. But the Sunday after Thanksgiving, we fly 9% more seats. We start the day earlier, and we end the day later because that's the biggest revenue day of the year. And so capacity optimization is about really concentrating your capacity when customers -- when demand is highest and customers want to fly.
J. Scott Kirby: I'm not sure if we've said, but we plan to be transitioned to oneworld by the beginning of next year. Elise is telling me we have said that.
J. Scott Kirby: We do see a lot of benefit to up-gauging to a large regional aircraft. We were doing that independently at US Airways. American was doing it. The reality is in a world with high fuel prices and low fares around the country, it gets harder and harder to make the economics for 50-seat regional jets work, and that's a trend that for U.S. carriers, I think, makes sense for everyone.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I don't know if it's fare increase. In the U.S., in the second, quarter our RASM was actually down slightly. But there has historically been a pretty high correlation with about a 3-month lag between fuel and revenue, and fuel prices were down even more this quarter than revenue was. Revenue or RASM was down a little bit, and fuel prices were down even more, which led to, by a wide margin, the record pretax earnings.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes. Well, if you do the math, back of the envelope math, we just guided a roughly 3.5% RASM growth in the quarter and for the quarter, and fuel hasn't gone up nearly that much.
J. Scott Kirby: It was -- the number was from both sides, but it has grown more quickly in Europe than domestic. I don't have the exact breakout here right now, but it's grown more quickly in Europe for us than domestically.
J. Scott Kirby: Well, I don't really want to contrast it with American. So Bob, I'll just talk about us. We were one of the first airlines to put a fully lie-flat seat, and get it on all of our A330s. So in the big business markets for a number of years now, we've had the fully lie-flat Envoy seat. That is probably the #1 product concern and consideration for the high-fare business customers flying across the Atlantic. And secondly, we've made a real push to be more aggressive by having a sales force in Europe, who’s off signing up European accounts. We historically haven't done that as aggressively in 3 or 4 years ago. We decided to try making equipment [ph] to that. We did. That sales team has done a fantastic job, and we continue to add more resources to help do that because we've had great result from getting actual corporate accounts in Europe signed up, and I think getting them to fly and follow through on their commitments to fly with us.
J. Scott Kirby: I don't think it's that much, but maybe there's some, but Delta guided at 3% today, and Delta got tougher comps than us. So if I was just looking at it just from those 2 data points, I'd say it's more of an industry phenomenon than something that's necessarily specific to us.
J. Scott Kirby: Air travel continues to be a great bargain for consumers. And I said earlier that prices in real terms from 2000 to 2013 over this period have declined by 15%. That is in spite of the fact that oil prices or that same window are up 291%, and our security costs have also increased dramatically in a post-9/11 world. So even in a world where we've had those big increases in cost, fares have continued to decline. And I think air travel is one of the greatest bargains around for consumers. Perhaps, I'm not objective, but I certainly think it's a fantastic bargain for consumers. One of the ways we've done that as US Airways, but the industry has done similar stuff, is to be more efficient about where we fly capacity. That goes back to the Thanksgiving example. Flying a lot more seats on the day after -- the Sunday after Thanksgiving than you do on the Sunday before Thanksgiving by being more efficient about how we allocate capacity and keeping our costs down. That's wound up being good for consumers.
J. Scott Kirby: Yes, I think you're probably reading too much into it. We had a small yield decline, stage length increases. So on a stage adjusted basis, it's about flat year-over-year. You have mix changes occurring with less business demand early in the quarter as compared to June. So I think that's a little bit of a stretch to read that much into it.
