Robert Isom: Hey, Jamie, thanks. I'm going to let Vasu answer that. But hey, don't feel bad. This is a long game. We know you're going to get it right over the long term. So…
Robert Isom: Jamie, I'm going to start with this, which is the outcome in on-time arrival we know is the biggest driver of customer satisfaction. As I've said before, it makes the food taste better. It seems more comfortable. Service more friendly, all that. And the best way to ensure an on-time arrival is to make sure you depart on time. So there's no stepping away from it. But I'll tell you, we have evolved over time. And we really do want to take into account making sure that the things that we do to get an aircraft out on time don't compromise other aspects of the operation. So couldn't congestion on the ramp. Or if we do have inclement weather, at the end of the day, if we have flights that you may be able to get out on time, but you ought to hold for connecting passengers, we do so. And so we could go into a lot more detail on that. But the answer to it all is, for the bulk of the airline, get it started right. No aircraft out of service in the morning, on-time departure, a fast turn and stay that way throughout the day.
Robert Isom: David, we're going to start with Maya Leibman talking about some of the things we've done and if there's some add-on to that, Vasu will do it.
Robert Isom: Well said that. And the only thing other -- Helane, the only other point that I would add is that, look, over time, it's supply and demand. And I'm confident that the quality of life and the compensation for pilots is something that's going to attract a lot of people to the industry. It may take some time to work through, but it will happen.
Robert Isom: And look, overall as well, we have a great relationship with the APA and making sure that we're getting as many pilots onboard and creating as many captain positions as we possibly can. And anything that would alter something like retirement status would have to be something that they champion.
Robert Isom: Vasu, I'll just add, and I know our Chief Legal Officer, Priya Aiyar, will agree with me. Look, we welcome scrutiny. We know that this is producing the benefits we said it would. And it's doing exactly what we had hoped. And we're confident we're going to prevail no matter what we face going forward. [Pretty good with that?]
Robert Isom: As just one note there. International revenue, not 100% recovered. Go ahead -- from a long-haul perspective.
Robert Isom: Okay. And for everybody, that's Nate Gatten, our Head of Corporate and Government Affairs. So thanks, Nate.
Robert Isom: Conor, thanks for that. But I'll start with this is that just like the rest of the world, we're all getting back up to speed. Firstly, for American, we did what the government asked us to when they provide us with the payroll support program. We ran the airline, and we ran it to serve people that had to get to business and leisure activities and you name it. As we go forward, the jump that we have to take -- to get to the kind of capacity that Derek has mentioned in our forecast, it's not that sizable of a jump. We're way ahead of it. We've certainly learned from issues. We're really focused on other parts of what I consider the airline supply chain, and that's our partners. But we're very well compared. We have 12,000 more team members on all ready to fly the spring and summer schedule, I feel really great about it and very, very confident that we're going to fly a reliable airline as we did, and we proved over the year-end holidays, better than a lot of our competition and as we have in the first 3 months of this year, too.
Robert Isom: Yes. So thanks, Mary. As Derek noted, we're not find the full regional schedule we'd like to. We're going to get those aircraft back up over time. But it's related to how they're being hired from the regional airlines, so an increased level of attrition and the time it takes to actually backfill those pilots. So while the regional carriers are able to source pilots at this time, we just can't get them up to speed and in the position fast enough. Over the long term, we do need to work on regional pilot supply. And we're out in front of that with our cadet program and trying to incentive people to come into the business. And I know -- I'm confident that, over the long term, the prospects of quality of life and compensation are something that are going to attract people to the business.  So it may take some time to work out. But as Derek said, over the course of the next year or so, we anticipate being able to get not only mainline back up to full utilization by the end of the year, the regionals sometime thereafter.
Robert Isom: And Mary, I want to note on that. We're not just -- look, while we have aircraft that we're not flying there's many companies like -- we're not chasing that. We're simply sizing in the airlines in the products we have. And so our confidence in this summer is rooted in. We've already taken a look. We've already made sure that we have appropriate confidence levels in what we can do. So no need for any type of concern over the summer.
Robert Isom: Yes. And Dawn, thanks for the question overall. And just right off, we haven't had much interaction with customers that have said they want to do anything different. But like we do in all these events, we're taking a look at our policies. And we are certainly -- with customers open and asking them to get in touch with our reservations office, and we'll make sure that we accommodate them in an appropriate fashion.
Robert Isom: Hey, Niraj. The answer is no. And just so everybody is aware, if our customers and team members want to wear masks, we encourage them. We welcome that, and we see that as a practice that's going to go continue forward.
Robert Isom: Thank you. I'll just close with this. Look, we've worked really hard as a company to get to at this point to be able to take advantage of an environment where demand is improving. The airline is structured in a really great fashion. I want to thank our team members for working so hard to get us through the pandemic and to be in a position to actually realize everything that we want to make about American. And in terms of the transition as well, this is my first earnings call, I want to thank our Board of Directors, especially Doug Parker for making things really work smoothly, putting us in a position to be talking about things that are very, very favorable. And so for our team, you've heard from a lot of players here today. I couldn't be more proud and confident in the team that we have from a senior leadership perspective. You're going to hear more from them as time goes on. And our job right now is to make the second quarter forecast a reality. That is what we're focused on. So we're going to get out there and make it happen. And I want to thank everybody for their time today.
Vasu Raja: Yes. Jamie, thanks for the question. And it's a very good one, one that we've actually spent a lot of time thinking about. And what I'll say is, you're right. In aggregate, like historical relationship between airline demand and GDP, let's call it industry demand, at something around just under 1% of GDP, does largely seem to hold. And we're seeing that as things start to recover. We spent a lot of time on this question about, what is the actual trip purpose and how does that change? And the reality is it's changing in a meaningful enough way where we no longer think it's pretty at the start of a trend. For example, historically, only about 20% to 25% of the trips in the airline were something that we call blended, where somebody was traveling for both business and leisure. Now for about 5 to 6 months, about 50% to 55% of the trips in the airline are blended. And as we look forward into the coming months, that continues to be the case. And that's playing out in a lot of different ways for us, which are both opportunities and a little bit unprecedented, right? We are seeing different sales days becoming big sales days. Different travel days becoming big travel days. So the nature of what we call leisure demand and business demand is changing. And the first thing is better understanding exactly how that is. But so far, it's been promising. Those blended trips that we have in the system are coming in at yields that are 75% to 85% of what were true business-only trips, but they're coming through lower comp sales channels and off of negotiated discount. So the net yields of them are very often the best things in the system. So this is an evolving thing and one that we'll keep coming back to you. But the relationship is indeed changing, as you say, even though in aggregate, a lot of the trends won't.
Vasu Raja: Yes. So over the years of viewing this thing, we actually come out in 2 ways. One, we have a lot of models that go and actually predict whether the behavior is business or leisure. And we survey customers to go and calibrate the model. So over time, we are really good. So whatever we -- you hear us talk about business, we are talking about, for example, somebody who travels, one person on the itinerary, no checked bags, things like that, right? If it's a profile, and we calibrate against surveys of what the customer actually tells us. And so one of the things that we found is that increasingly, those surveys are starting to change because people are saying they're flying both for business and leisure or it's one person in the itinerary, but they're leaving on Thursday, coming back on a Monday and going to Pensacola. So a lot of things are starting to change, and that's actually a pretty promising thing.
Vasu Raja: David, this is Vasu. I can help with that. For Robert's comments at the beginning, as we closed the quarter, system business revenues were about 80% recovered versus 2019. As we look at Q2, we anticipate that number will be about 90% recovered versus 2019. We have a level of confidence in it because, indeed, we're seeing many of those bookings start to come in from my comments that Jamie just now. But also, the gap between 90 and 100 is really largely due to long-haul international demand and certain pockets of domestic demand. But we are continuing to see demand come in.
Vasu Raja: Yes. I'll only add to that. Throughout the pandemic, one of the hardest things to do, to predict has been the show rate of the airline. Understandably as the pandemic wear on, we would have periods of time where everybody showed for a flight in periods of time where the show rate could be as low as 70% of what was booked. What we're encouraged by, in large part because of a lot of the technologies that we've got not just in managing overbooking, but it's typically just forecasting show rate, we are getting to a place where we are a lot better at going and predicting what the variability is. And with the technologies that we've got proactively moving customers off so that we don't have the same level of denied boarding expense that we had in times past. And indeed, we're able to generate more revenue through the overbooking flights.
Vasu Raja: Sure, Savi. Yes, thanks for the question. Look, we're really encouraged with how long-haul demand has come back, but it is indeed very different across the 3 long-haul entities of long-haul South America, Transatlantic and Transpacific. First, we are encouraged because indeed we've seen bookings from maybe post-Omicron low point in January, what we're seeing in the last 4 to 6 weeks, it's improved by several factors. In South America, that's a factor of 2x to 3x. In Transatlantic, it's something materially larger than that. And in Transpacific, it's grown quite a lot, too, but still, the bookings are pretty small and insignificant in the totality of all of our bookings. But what we're really encouraged by is the manner in which demand is returning first in long-haul South America, where we just -- where we have so much capacity. Increasingly, we're seeing not just more customers simply sign on for flights, but we're filling premium cabins at a better and better rate. The same is true in Transatlantic, where so much of the airline that we brought back there is centered around our partner hubs, in Heathrow and Madrid. And we're encouraged because those are -- to make those slight go, they are very premium demand consumptive and we are seeing a lot of premium demand, even though we aren't seeing large corporate travel quite come back into international the way we've seen before. And as at Transpacific, it's understandably challenged because as long as there are entry restrictions, demand remains pretty stubborn to come back. But -- like I said, we're encouraged that once those restrictions are lifted, the demand improves pretty meaningfully.
Vasu Raja: Yes, Mike, it's an excellent question. And it looks like Jamie is one that we've actually spent a lot of time understandably thinking about. Look, it's really hard to tease out the different effects because you're right, there's high fuel prices. There's various limits on capacity as airlines try to size their airlines for the staffing that they can produce. And of course, demand, which just continues to accelerate at a pretty unprecedented rate. So look, we look at are actually the fares that we, American Airlines are out selling. And we're encouraged that indeed, month-to-month, we are seeing a greater increase in fares than certainly what we saw in 2019. But very importantly, one of the things that we've been looking at is how fare is at large -- or how is the rate of increase actually changing in 2019 to 2022 versus the last time the industry went through so many cataclysmic crisis, which were big fuel, The Great Recession, changes in the industry through consolidation? And indeed, the rate -- the pace of change that we're seeing is growing much greater than what we saw before. Short way to say it is, we are seeing a lot of strength in the fare environment with customers who frankly value quality of product that we have and are willing to pay us to fly. So we're encouraged by that. We see those trends going forward into the summer. And of course, that's inherent in the revenue guide you see before you.
Vasu Raja: I can start and others can add. Well, look, we can't talk about the consumer benefits of the NEA enough. And indeed you can already see it and just what's published out there. In the first quarter, we brought the Northeast back faster than any of our competition. And arguably through bringing it back, has encouraged competition where they frankly wasn't any before. We're doing things like we have full flat beds on all of our Transcon markets, which is a thing that American Airlines is -- has long dreamed of now through this partnership with JetBlue we're able to make happen. We brought JetBlue into LaGuardia, I think, which they long to make happen, putting a new level of price competition on the incumbent carrier there. And so we're encouraged by the structural things that's there, but what we're really encouraged by is the way consumers are responding to it. So right now, for the first time and as long as we've recorded it, advantage enrollments, our loyalty program enrollments are growing in New York and Boston at greater rates than anything in the system as an absolute size, which is greater than anything at the system. New York is on a percentage of 2019, we're acquiring more credit card customers there than we did in 2019 and at a greater rate than any other parts of our system. So all of which is to say that the consumer is clearly responding to it and we see those benefits, and we keep rolling things out. We -- there's a lot that we've kind of worked through as we kind of try to staff up a connecting operation at JFK, we've endeavored to go slow in order to make it happen. I hope for a minute say that we are all the way to achieving what we want there to be, but we are really encouraged by what it's doing for consumers, the level of competition that it's bringing. And indeed, I mean, we can't talk about it enough, and maybe we need to talk about it more.
Vasu Raja: Yes, Dan, thanks for the question. And look, we -- international at large, we broadly anticipated to be 100% recovered. And indeed, it's not far from that right now. But to the question earlier from Savi, international is in a lot of different states of play right now. Never forget, for us, in the second quarter, roughly 90% of our airline is flying in the Western Hemisphere and Heathrow. So a lot of our recovery is due to the fact that our short-haul international network is recovering at rates that are probably greater than what we see in domestic. And those markets such as London and long-haul South America, are recovering pretty quickly, too. I mean that's where we have all of our capacity.
Vasu Raja: Correct Yes, correct. So yes, I would say that the long-haul revenue isn't all the way there, but total international is, and that's...
Vasu Raja: Yes. Thanks for the question. And indeed, one that we look at very closely, because it is kind of interesting. We look at it both and what is out there selling, but importantly, what is netted back to us after we deduct the cost of sale from it. And so we are seeing, first and foremost, that -- we look at it really outside 14 versus inside 14. Outside of 14, indeed, there is a significant level of fare strength across any competitive O&D grouping there might be. Inside of 14, we see the same level of fare strength. But as we look at it right now, leisure trips or blended business leisure trips are coming in at yield levels that are anywhere from 75% to 80% in aggregate of what inside 14 corporate negotiated trips are coming in at. And that's a really meaningful number because that means on a net basis, sometimes these fares which are coming to us oftentimes through our direct channels, through some pretty unprecedented sources on a net basis are actually really, really valuable to us and really valuable carbon departure. The fares are high. What we are encouraged by is as we have rolled through March, there's simply more demand inside of 14 and more business and business and leisure demand. So yes, we see a lot of strength in the fare environment, a lot more strength outside of 14, but progressively greater strength and greater demand inside of 14.
Vasu Raja: It's a great question. Yes, we are absolutely blending it in now. As we said through the pandemic, we had no intention of wasting the crisis, and we didn't. We massively simplified the fleet reduce, frankly, a number of long-haul airplanes that were amongst defining some of our most unprofitable route. Launched new partnerships where we can create more value for the customer, offer more network in places like the West Coast and New York where we're weaker. But very importantly, we've put a lot more capacity into our hubs in 2 ways. One, we've concentrated more flying there, but we've updated the airline as well. We're 8% more seats per departure than as we go forward than what we were at the same time last year. But for us, like the changes are indeed quite meaningful. Right now, if you go look and published schedules, about 65%, 70% of the airlines flying really what we call our Sunbelt hubs and short-haul Caribbean kind of markets, where the airline has a unique level of strength. And just -- to put that in perspective, I was reading through everyone's print last night, that in Q1, our 4 Sunbelt hubs, DFW, Charlotte, Miami, Phoenix, were somewhere between 70% to 80% of our competitors' full network, but are producing unit revenues between 5% to 10% greater than those networks. So very much that is a major thing, a big part, as we talked about here, of returning to profitability. And frankly, running a better operation is focusing hard in those markets where we create really unique and disproportionate value and really getting all of our assets working there.
Vasu Raja: Yes, it's an excellent question. And -- there's a lot that we're seeing today, which is kind of breaking from a lot of historical trends, much like the question earlier about how fuel prices are bleeding in the fare. It's -- right now, it's really difficult to tease out what is causing what. But yes, as an industry, there hasn't been a great history of how inflation has turned changes in demand. But we're so far encouraged by what we see right now in 2 ways. First, demand continues to grow and grow at a meaningful pace. How long-lasting it is remains to be seen. But if we learn anything in the last 20 to 24 months, we can adjust just about anything and do it pretty quickly. And the other thing which is really encouraging is, frankly, spending on our co-branded credit cards. That is one where the -- throughout the pandemic, even though airline revenues fell, our co-branded revenues never felt nearly to the same degree. And indeed, we're encouraged right now because there our acquisitions are higher than before, and our spend on the card is keeping pace with inflation. Indeed, on our card with Barclays, our spend is growing at a greater rate than inflation. So we are encouraged by that. There's clearly a level of demand for our product and future anticipation of travel, which is very promising. And we'll see how it plays out.
Vasu Raja: Hey, Al, this is Vasu. It's still very early to tell and really difficult to draw very much of a conclusion. But so far, there's nothing to indicate that it's materially up or materially down.
Vasu Raja: Yes, thanks for the question. Actually, what's been really interesting to us, even though we are seeing an improving fare environment is actually our redemptions are up both in March and as we go forward. As far as the award chart goes, that is certainly something which our top-tier loyalty customers very much value and they see a lot of opportunities for it to go and secure traffic, which many of them have been long anticipated through the pandemic. So as it stands, we're still really encouraged by having an award chart. And encouraged that, frankly, even though we are in a rising environment, we're creating the right level of availability for redemption.
Derek Kerr: Yes. No, that's exactly -- we just pegged it 2 days ago. So at -- it was 107. And then we used the crack spread and where that was, and the crack spread had increased a little bit. So the difference may be crack spread and then the dates that everybody takes the fuel pay, but we're straight off of the fuel curve and then it's dependent on where are you buying your fuel. Are you buying your fuel more in the Gulf Coast, L.A., New York? So there could be differences between each airline just where the brunt of the fuel comes from.
Derek Kerr: Yes. I can do both, and Robert can add to some of that. So as far as minimum liquidity, we're still in the same place as we were a couple of calls ago. We're at about $15.5 billion right now. We are seeing this recovery. We'd like to see it actually be in the actuals. So I think this is a forward guide, which we think is where we're going to get and be profitable for the quarter. If we maintain this level, what we have said is we would take a step down to somewhere in the $10 billion to $12 billion range. And hopefully, that happens sometime this year, which can accelerate the debt pay down. And any further than that, we just haven't had the discussions through the Board and through the committees. We ran the company at $7 billion of not minimum liquidity, which I defined -- that was kind of our targeted cash level. Minimum liquidity is actually much lower than that. But our targeted cash level was at $7 billion. And so right now, we're holding out of the cash. And when we see the recovery, and it's holding up and the cash is holding up, we will use that cash to pay down debt. And I think we'll take it down to some in there, we're in the $10 billion to $12 billion range as we look forward. On the pilot training pipeline, as Robert said, we've hired 600 pilots at the mainline. So it's -- it really is -- we have the pilots. I think the industry is -- it's about trying to hire 2,000 pilots this year versus the most we've ever hired in the past is 1,000. So we have the simulators coming in. We have the trainers coming in. So what it is, is trying to get everybody through the pipeline. And I think we will be fully utilized in how all of our aircraft flying by the end of the year. The other side of it is the regional carriers, which we're working on, is that hiring is going well also. So we're hiring there. Just the attrition is much greater than the hiring at this point in time. We're getting people through the pipeline. That has slowed, which is good. So as all the mainline carriers have hired from the regional carriers, we all have a backlog to get through training. So the regional attrition has slowed, which will be good for regional capacity as we go forward. But we believe that by the end of the year or through the summer, we'll be back up and having all the airline aircraft flying, which will be great for us from a utilization perspective. It will be great for us from a cost perspective to drive down the unit cost as we bring back all of those aircraft and get the pilot pipeline moving through.
Derek Kerr: Dan, this is Derek. As we have talked about, we have the airline and costs in place to run a much greater airline. So as we go and as Robert said in his comments, our CASM will get better and better throughout the year as we add back to flying. An example is our salaries, I think, stay pretty flat throughout the year, even though we're growing ASMs throughout the year. So most everything is in place to fly. The example is the 787s. We thought we had the 787s coming in beginning of this year. So we have the pilots. We have the crews. We have everything ready to go. We're not going to train them back down to 7-3s or other aircraft. We're going to leave them there for when they come. So our expectation as we move forward and we bring back the aircraft and utilize our fleet and get us back to 100% of 2019, it comes at a significant reduction in the CASM calculation as we go forward.
Derek Kerr: Yes. Catherine, I would -- just from a CapEx perspective, I would just roll it without a doubt. Any kind of settlement that we have will be separate. The Boeing management team have assured us that they will cover us for the damages on the 787s -- the deliveries with the 787s. How that comes? I don't know, because we haven't talked about it. There's no reason to discuss damages on the 787s until they deliver and we know when those are going to be, so that can be calculated. So in the models today, I would move the CapEx and just shove out the CapEx. But I would -- there is upside to the cash flow or something for a settlement with the Boeing team. As they've said, they will cover the damages that we are incurring for those aircraft to be delayed and deferred.
Derek Kerr: Yes. One is, yes, the -- our CASM guidance is not having any new labor deals in it. We're in negotiations with a lot of our unions at this point in time, but we don't -- but we'll put those in a CASM guide when they occur and when we know where those are, but that's not in the CASM guide for the rest of the year. Getting back to 2019 levels depends on going back and when do we grow back fully from a capacity perspective. And also, as you alluded to, when do those labor deals go into effect? In 2019, we did the mechanic deal and we completed the mechanic deal during 2019. So that year-over-year is now into our numbers. So I think as we grow the airline back, getting ourselves back to 2019 CASM levels will take us to get our utilization back to where it was before and get all the aircraft back flying to get closer to that 2019 level.
Derek Kerr: Departures in the second quarter are probably down about 20% versus 2019, where the airline mainline is down about 5%. So maybe 15% different than lower than what the mainline is.
David Seymour: Yes. I think the challenge with that is many of them have been retired long enough that they would have to go through a requalification, which would take one of those slots. So given that, as Derek talked about, we have the supply coming in, and the school house is really running at full speed here. And we're hitting the objectives that we set forward to reach the goals that Derek talked about for the remainder of the year. So as much -- I think that would be a great idea, and we just take away a slot for a new hire that's coming in.
David Seymour: Robert, let me just add to that. I mean, I think the numbers Derek talked about the 600, that was this year alone. So last year, we had a target of hiring 350, we hired over 500. So the 600 is just for this year, and that's well ahead of pace where we set our expectations to. In the pilot training right now, we're actually getting our goals and our throughput that we expect and don't foresee any problems going forward of making those numbers so we can hit the goal to fly all of our aircraft by the end of this year.
David Seymour: Yes. I appreciate the question. Certainly, one that we spend a lot of time thinking through and working on. What I'd tell you, we've actually implemented a number of tools knowing that loans are going to be high as we go into the summer, and welcome back a lot more customers. And those tools we've actually been utilizing and have shown good promise here in terms of ensuring that we're not canceling and working our airline through a delay as this weather does develop, and we work our way through it. And that's really the key for us is making sure that we're canceling the few flights as possible to allow the traffic to continue to move through. But again, we're very focused on that. We know that the weather is going to be out there. We're certainly not taking anything for granted.
Nate Gatten: Yes. And this is Nate. I would just say on the regulatory side, obviously, the testing is something that we continue to engage on with our industry partners. We believe that the U.S. can safely follow countries that are progressing through the pandemic, including Canada, the UK and Ireland, which have, we think, safely evolved the scope of their entry requirements and moved away from predeparture testing. We've learned by this point in the pandemic, however, not to speculate on what may or may not happen. So we don't have a specific timeframe in mind. It's just something we continue to work on. Obviously, the decision is going to be up to the Federal authorities and public health experts.
Nate Gatten: Yes. I can take the first part of that question. This is Nate. Obviously, we're aware that the DOJ is appealing the Florida ruling, although they have not asked for a stay of the district court judge. Beyond that, as I mentioned earlier, we've learned throughout the pandemic not to speculate on what the government may or may not do. I would emphasize though that in keeping with our commitment to create a welcoming environment for everyone who travels with us, customers and team members may, of course, choose to continue to wear masks at their own discretion. And we expect that many will continue to do so. But especially considering the steps that we've taken for the last couple of years regarding cleanliness and airflow, we don't feel that reinstating of the mandate is necessary at this time.
Nate Gatten: Yes. This is Nate. We don't give account for how many passengers we banned specifically for mask noncompliance. In most cases, the passengers who were added to our internal refuse list, as a result of mask noncompliance, will be permitted to resume travel at some point in time. In cases where an incident may have started with face mask noncompliance and escalated into anything involving something more serious or certainly an assault on one of our key members or customers, those passengers are going to remain on our permanent internal refuse list and will never be allowed to travel with us again. I would just add in this vein, we're very grateful to our partners and the Federal government who have prioritized the safety of our crews, both our grand crews and our crews in the air during this period. And we are really appreciative of the announcement yesterday from the acting FAA Administrator, Billy Nolen, who said that the zero-tolerance policy against unrolled passengers is here to stay as we anticipate unfortunately, that these cases will continue. Although as Robert noted earlier today, hopefully, with a fewer incidents.
