Derek Kerr: Yeah. Two things. One is we look at that at the end of the year. So there was some benefit in the pension. The reduction in 2021, there was a slight reduction in 2021 of the pension obligation. As we look at where we're at now as of June 30th, the actual pension status or funding ratio has gone up to about 81%, and the liabilities have dropped over $3.5 billion due to the interest rate change and it's a higher interest rate, which has more than offset the asset reduction. So it's actually in a much better spot than it was before, not the way we want to get there, without a doubt, but it is in a better spot from a pension liability standpoint. But we have not added that in for anything in 2022. But if we did, it'd be -- right now, it would be about $1 billion lower from a liability perspective from a debt perspective than it would be before. So we are managing it the way we would any other time staying very conservative in our pension and watching it. But the interest rate has actually driven the liability much, much lower than what the reduction in the asset class has been.
Derek Kerr: Yeah. Well, two things, Mike, I corrected that, I think, in my comments, but it is nine for the year. We will have two coming in, I think, in early August. The first two will come earlier, and we don't have any of them built into the schedule until November time frame. So if those do slip from August a little bit, we have put in almost a two-month pad in those coming in. But we don't think it will impact the fourth quarter a lot. If they slip a lot further, where the impact is going to be into 2023, not a lot into 2022.
Derek Kerr: No, I was going to say the exact same things. And Jamie, as we look at the second quarter, we talked about 100 regional aircraft being out on the ground, and we had probably about 40 mainline aircraft -- equivalent aircraft on the ground. So you're talking about 150 -- 140, 150 aircraft that aren't being utilized. So two things have to happen is, the resources come and we put those aircraft back up in the air. We've got to get out of those aircraft. So we really want to fly all those. We want to get back to the utilization that we were at, and that is where the margin comes because, as Robert said, we are built from a cost perspective to fly those aircraft. And today, we're not. So that's where it's at, and that's where we believe as we get ourselves back up to ASM levels in the 2019, it comes at a much cheaper cost because the assets are here.
Derek Kerr: Well, I would say as we look at the cost structure, the cost trading we talked about is built to fly another 150 aircraft. So we did add cost in. So if you take the third quarter over the second quarter, the increase is really driven by three things, which is mainline salaries due to putting in some of the pilot contract issues, the maintenance is up year-over-year just because of engine overhauls and things that we’re seeing throughout the summer. And then the regional plan I would say that’s put into place. So, the regional plan is put into place to get more aircraft up in the air. So, that hopefully that is there, it’s there to stay engine of higher cost to fly regional and the new contract that we would put in place regional is there. That hopefully drives more aircraft back up in the air. We’ll see where that goes. If it doesn't, then that cost doesn't come. So I think those things are built in, they're going to be there as we move forward. So it's important for us to get the utilization back up and get the aircraft in the air.
Derek Kerr: Yes. I'll add some numbers there, David. In 2023, we've got 95 lease renewals; 2024, 72 lease renewals. We have unencumbered aircraft of over 200 aircraft. We have deliveries coming in. In 2023, we have 31 and 2024, 47. So that is exactly right. What you said is what we would do. We're not there yet, because we believe that the demand is there to get more of these aircraft up. But if we see that, then that is what we would do is, not renew leases, push deliveries like we have in the past. You saw us last quarter push out some deliveries on the 789s and make sure that we right-size those. And then we would take some of the unencumbered assets, and we would move those and sell those and not put them back up in the air. So that's where we would go. You're exactly right.
Derek Kerr: No. But I would say, yeah, that is our goal and that we know where we were in 2019. We know what those pre-tax EBITDA margins are. Getting the asset utilization back up where the demand environment is, would get us back to those levels. So it is all about moving forward, getting the asset utilization where it needs to be to get the aircraft back up in the air, and we can reach those levels for sure.
Derek Kerr: Yes. The mainline equivalent, our mainline aircraft, but what we've done is, instead of pulling aircraft out of the schedule, we lowered the utilization on those aircraft. So if you normally fly 10 hours a day, we now fly 9 hours a day. And if you take that hour across the entire fleet, its equivalent to about 44, 45 aircraft. So we haven't really pulled anything out of the schedule. We've floated. Now as we look forward, I think the right answer is, we pulled down capacity in the third and fourth quarter is to probably take some of those aircraft out and utilize them for spares and for maintenance lines and utilize them to make the reliability better in the airline. So I think as we go forward, we'll do it a little bit differently than we have and not -- and we'll raise the utilization on the rest of the fleet, but take some aircraft out to provide relief for David and his operating team to have more aircraft for maintenance and more aircraft for spares.
Vasu Raja: And Mike, presuming that all nine do deliver, call that roughly about deploying of capacity in a month.
Vasu Raja: Hi Jamie, thanks for the question. And the topic, which is very frequently on our minds here because indeed, in the last 90 days and be the nine months or 12 months before that, the trends have not abated. In fact, they've grown even stronger. I mentioned in our last call when you asked the question, that it used to be as much as 70%, 75% of our revenues could be both identified and would self-classify itself very binary as traveling only for business or only for leisure, and now that's only 50%. And that other 50% that's there indeed is still there. It tends to be higher yielding. It comes to a directly through our dot-com and mobile. And it's looking for -- and it does that largely because it's looking for travel experiences and journeys and things like that, which the industry hasn't been able to make available through the very antiquated technologies and things like that that we've been prone to using. So yes, this really has opened our eyes to creating a lot of value for these kinds of customers who are a growing number. Like all of our advantage enrollments are coming out of that population, they're disproportionately concentrated in places where American has just a lot of natural strength. Think of the Sunbelt, Midwest, the Southeast. So we're really encouraged by what we see. And indeed, it's proven through the pandemic to be a very durable source of demand that's both high-yielding and wants a lot more in the airline product than just a single transaction. So it is very much on our minds, and it's probably going to shape a lot of view in the months and quarters ahead.
Vasu Raja: Yeah. Savi, this is Vasu. I'll just add that to what Robert said in this, but for our airline in particular, so much of how we create value and drive margins is by creating as many unique O&Ds as we can. And you've seen it through many quarters now where we've flown more capacity in the industry that can produce higher, but there are good nominal PRASM, at least as good, if not better than what our network competitors are, certainly in domestic and short haul. And a major part of that is the regional jet. In this last quarter, we flew 20% -- we had 20% more O&Ds than what our next largest network competitor did. And in those markets, we are seeing yields that are 25% greater than what happened to the rest of the system. Indeed, that's what's really driving the yield growth that's there. And many of those markets are where we see the high-value blended demand that Jamie asked about earlier. So indeed, not only is it something sustainable. It's something which is a unique feature of what we do and always will be.
Vasu Raja: Yes, I'll just add to it very simply, Duane, an industry that has struggled for a long time to be able to pass its cost into revenue, at least for us, what we've seen time and time again with the regionals is, anytime there has been a cost increase, that is the one part of the business where we can most consistently pass it through to revenues. And we do it because of what it does. It creates a unique product for customers that increasingly nobody else but American Airlines can go and do. And when you look through our system, right, there's many of those markets that you simply couldn't upgauge. And even if you did upgauge it, flying to large cities, Birmingham, Alabama, Wilmington, North Carolina, once a day in a 737, doesn't really create a lot of utility for what those really big metro areas in the US. So for us, this is actually a place where by doing it, and frankly, by doing it through our wholly owned regional jets, which themselves are very massive airlines, it creates a lot of unique value for our customers, which turns into revenue for us.
Vasu Raja: Yeah. Thanks, Duane. And I think this is an important clarification because I think that maybe throughout the industry, people use a lot of different words or the same words to mean different things. Let me be really specific about what we do. When we talk about business, we talk about a trip type that is business. And this is Jamie's question. We're able to go and calibrate it on. We ask customers did you actually buy for business, and we can actually go and look at it. Was it a single person in the itinerary? They didn't check a bag. They did a day trip, likely business, right? And so business revenue is that. And for us, historically, that business revenue has been 40% to 45%. Of that, a component of it, historically, there is a 60/40 split between what we consider unmanaged or small businesses and really managed businesses. These are large corporations that contract, travel globally typically, right? They use large travel agencies to help them manage the program. And so for us, what we see is that business revenue is indeed 40% to 45% recovered. The nature of it has changed materially, though, where that unmanaged business is 125% to 130% recovered and that managed or contracted corporate business is indeed about 75% to 80% recovered, maybe consistent with other things that you've heard. That, of course -- and that's the thing that we've been seeing for some time. This seems to be a relatively durable trend and one that will continue, which is that there's going to be more and more unmanaged business out there. And indeed, we see even with those accounts that are contracted corporate accounts, as we emerge from the pandemic, fewer and fewer of them are enforcing travel policies are doing a lot of the things that they contracted to begin with anyway. So that's a trend, which we anticipate will continue. And hopefully, that clarifies the point too.
Vasu Raja: And Dan, let me pick up where Derek left off, too. In this way, if you think about American Airlines prior to the pandemic, we flew more capacity than many of our competitors, but we've produced certainly lower nominal PRASM than what many of our -- certainly, what the industry leader at the time was. And through the pandemic, we've done a lot. In fact, this is Robert's commentary really. We didn't just simplify the fleet. We also concentrated the network where 70% to 75% of it is flying in places where we can create really outsized consumer value, Sunbelt, NC, L.A., Heathrow, and we've really leaned hard into partnerships to create value where we couldn't organically, and now we're in a place where really for a couple of quarters, we can fly 5% to 15% more capacity than the 2019 PRASM, but produced PRASMs that are pretty comparable to that. So that's when we say getting asset utilization up and running, it's a meaningful thing. But the thing that has to be lost is that doesn't mean we're putting back 2019. Like there's not a world where we're going to go back into flying money and losing flights for strategic purposes or things like that. There's not a world where we go and complicate it. But there is one where we've really realized more unique O&Ds we create, the more that turns into real revenue production for the airline. And that's the basis to go build off of and, from that, a lot more as possible it will be.
Vasu Raja: Yes. Hey, thanks for the question. This is Vasu. And the answer is both. To Robert's specific point, that is compared to our system in absolute. But let me provide a little bit of context behind the point. For us, historically, in New York, especially New York Kennedy and L.A., American Airlines typically produced unit revenues that were, let's call it, 90% of what the industry produce to its domestic system. And now those are starting to get -- both in New York Kennedy and in Los Angeles, we're starting to produce unit revenues that are much more in line with the domestic system. This is material for us because our largest hubs where our capacity concentration is still great; are able to produce unit revenues at a real advantage to what our competitors are able to do. So we were able to go and serve these markets with higher unit revenues as it bleeds through. It's something that we tend to look at really, really closely. But what we're really most encouraged about in New York and L.A. is this isn't just a function of going in there and cutting a bunch of flights or growing RASM. We've improved the consumer proposition that's there. In New York, certainly, we -- between American Airlines and JetBlue, our Northeast Alliance has put back more capacity sooner than anybody else. We've launched new routes. We've taken the American Airlines metal in the market like Delta in India that, two or three years ago, would have been relatively unthinkable, and our consumers are responding. We're seeing originating market share, both in that partnership and also our West Coast partnership with Alaska, and that's coming directly away from our large network competitors. So we're encouraged by the whole thing. And really the context for it is, this consumer proposition is starting to bleed its way into the unit revenue results, and that's most encouraging of all.
Vasu Raja: Because of subdued regional operations, got it. It's really difficult to do. We've actually taken a couple of cuts at it, because the reality is that, this is such a sort of unprecedented time of the industry where there are so many constraints on the infrastructure, so many issues with aircraft deliveries, resources, things like that. But it's hard to really isolate what effect it is. In fact, when we look at it, what we find is through the pandemic, we've been able to sustain a lot more of the connectivity of our system through the regional jets. And those places where we've sustained the connectivity are really what's driving our yield growth. And it's bringing in new customers that are not in necessarily large coastal metro areas. So it's hard to kind of isolate it just because there are so many variables at play, but for Robert and Derek's commentary, the regional jet, especially the wholly-owned regional jet is really key to helping our mainline fleet grow and recover its utilization.
Vasu Raja: Well, let me start by saying, we're actually really encouraged by demand. I mean, the demand for our product has been high in a historical way. That continues. And indeed, the way demand is coming back is both really encouraging and somewhat different than what was there before from my earlier commentary. But really, when you see when you go from 2Q to 3Q is, first of all, just a change in capacity production. We're taking a more conservative view of just how we size the airlines and the resources we have for Robert's comments, and that impacts a lot of it. And then beyond that, really, there's a wide range that we have in unit revenue production because we're really encouraged by the trends that we see. But if we've learned anything over the last couple of quarters, things could go change a lot. But right now, our optimism -- but we see nothing to really materially that excludes our optimism in any way.
Vasu Raja: Look, I'll start and then others can pick up, too. Part of it -- and this kind of goes to some of my earlier commentary. One of the things that we're seeing is that like large corporate, large contract corporations are starting to just use different tools than what they had before. Prior to the pandemic, if corporations wanted to go and manage travel behavior, they could create more elaborate travel policies and hire a range of consultants and other firms to help manage that. But now through the pandemic, video conferencing has become normalized. There's a lot more flexibility in the workplace and things like that. And so what we see actually is, in a lot of cases, corporations, so they may be -- they may not be enforcing travel policies as much as there was before. There is a lot more latitude. And so we'll see customers who will often supply out of their travel policy will pay more for a service that might have been there before, but they might be traveling less if they're worried about, for example, issues at London Heathrow. So at large, we're really encouraged by what we see. But the way corporations are probably going to go and manage this as a practical matter, it's probably going to be very different than what was there. And we see that in the data, right? There's fewer people who are very conforming to a travel policy. It's hard to see how that changes. But that's not necessarily a bad thing, because we continue to see demand come in, and we're encouraged about where it may go, even if it goes to -- if it comes back differently.
Vasu Raja: Yeah. Hey Kyle, thanks. This is Vasu. So first, a number of the cuts that we talked about have already been loaded into our published schedules that are there. And as we go into fall, effectively, we're going to take capacity in the places where it can create the most operational benefit, which means, one, it can go and turn into the best quality -- the best level of reliability for our customers, and also where we can reaccommodate people the best. So we've minimized a passenger disruption. And then as we go forward into later September, October and deeper into the winter, we have time yet to go and figure out how that goes. There's still a number of things that we're looking at before we make that determination.
Vasu Raja: Hey, thanks for the question. This is Vasu. And no, we don't spend a lot of time worrying about it, just for one simple reason, that what we try to do is create the most value for our customers. And when they like it, they pay us for it. And so, a lot of what you see out there is, there is so much demand that's surging back into travel. As people went through the pandemic, you see and tons of data that consumers create experiences and there's no experience like the experience of travel. And it's bringing a lot of people back, and a lot of people are coming back and doing things for very different reasons than before. And so that's what's really driving things as much as anything. And concepts such as the elasticity of our demand, while it's probably intellectually satisfying to talk about, the reality of it is that consumers really like what they're getting, being able to go and travel the world again, and they're taking advantage of it, and that's turning into relatively higher fares.
Vasu Raja: Yes. I can pick that up, too. So look, this -- the second quarter was very robust. Even though we didn't have all of our -- the wide-bodies that we had planned to take, nonetheless, those that we had performed extremely well, we have -- there's a lot of pent-up demand for people going internationally, wherever that might be, transpacific, transatlantic, and long-haul South America. And we anticipate that, that will continue through the year. Now the summer, the international testing requirement was dropped. And while we saw some benefit of that, it was dropped pretty deep into the booking curve. We anticipate there will be -- that they'll have a much more significant impact on travel demand as we go into the fall and already we're seeing indications of it. And last but not least, short-haul international of Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean, has data remains extremely strong for American Airlines, and we anticipate that will be the case going forward.
Robert Isom: Sure. So Helane, thanks for the question. Look, it's really important for us to take care of our pilots. You know that throughout the pandemic, we had put an offer on the table that would have made our pilots the most highly paid pilots in the industry. We never pulled that back even throughout the pandemic. But, look, United went out and put out a better offer. And we thought it was really important to get to the table to make sure that our pilots know that we were going to take care of them. So we've done that. And now we are negotiating very closely and actively. And my hope is that we make progress over the coming weeks and months. Now how that bakes into financial forecast, we haven't put anything in yet. We don't know exactly where we'll end up. And then the point I'd just make is that, with every contract, not only are there changes to compensation and quality of life, but we think that when we get to a contract, we'll have a contract that is -- that operates very efficiently for the company as well.
Robert Isom: No. Let me start with this. First off, we have a really sizable operation in London, Heathrow with our Atlantic joint business partner, BA. We offer the largest schedule into London Heathrow. So it's very important to us. One of the things that we've done is we've been able to isolate American's operations into T3. And so that has allowed us with our team to make sure that we're doing everything possible. Now all that said, there's so much that you can do with your own team members. There's infrastructure like bag systems that you're dependent on Heathrow. And then, of course, BA is incredibly dependent on Heathrow as well. To that end, we're working as a group with our oneworld carriers to make sure that we match our capacity to the resources that are there -- that will take some time to work our way through. And to that end, maybe I'll have Nate Gatten, our Head of Government Affairs and Corporate Real Estate add to what's going on and the prognosis for that.
Robert Isom: Hey Helane, I'll just close with this. Look, we're going to put these measures in place, work with the airport authorities. At the end of the day, we've got to match capacity to the resources that are available, and we're going to push hard to make sure that all of the airports that we work with get resources they need to serve our operations at the size that it should be. So thanks for the question.
Robert Isom: Well, Jamie, let me start with just -- from the top, and then Derek can go into more detail. Look, there's more margin growth at American. We've resourced this airline to fly a larger airline, just plain and simple. We've built in a lot of redundancies. And even in June, those redundancies weren't enough. But over time, we know that we can utilize our assets a lot harder than we have been able to, to this point. And as you take a look going forward in terms of margins, I know that the third quarter, look, we've pulled out some additional flying, and that's fine that we would rather do. You know that we have regional aircraft that aren't in the air. And while we may not have the pilots, we have the other resources to actually fly those aircraft. So the key to us is ultimately to be able to use our assets at a higher rate. But Derek, go ahead.
Robert Isom: And Jamie, just to add one other point, just from even a second quarter perspective. The month of June was really hard on the airline. 27 out of 30 days, we had severe weather that resulted in ramp closures, ground staff, ground delay programs, aerospace flow programs. And in sum, we flew at least a percentage point or more, less than we would have otherwise. June and the second quarter would have been better had we seen a more normal type close to the quarter. So that gives me optimism that there's not only utilization that we can work our way out of, but also more normal operating conditions are going to benefit us as we go forward as well.
Robert Isom: Savi, let me start and then I know some others might want to jump in. The answer to that is yes. Look, the regional network to American Airlines is incredibly important, and whether it's 50 or 65 or 76-seat aircraft, being able to serve those markets in a way that connects to our hubs and then unleashes the breadth of the rest of our network, that's a really compelling offering that achieves higher yields. And so even though pilot expense for those regional aircraft will be going up, we're confident that the yields that will be introduced we'll take that into account. But one thing I want to make clear, though, is as we take a look at regional pilot pay, but it costs quite a bit of money to become a pilot. And the expectations for a pilot coming out and saying taking that first job, right, they have changed over time. So as we look forward, I do think that as an industry, pilot wages are going to increase. And that's something that the industry as a whole is going to have to digest. And ultimately, that will show up through our cost structure and be a factor in terms of how we try to monetize our product.
Robert Isom: Well, I'll just start. David, look, this gets back to the question that's asked earlier. We have a lot of redundancy built into the business utilization isn't where we need it. I think that as we take a look to the future, we're depending on a couple of things. One is, fortunately, we're in a really strong revenue environment and as we're looking to the third quarter, anticipating [Technical Difficulty] revenue environment. And as we're looking to the third quarter, anticipating 20% to 24% increases in TRASM versus 2019. From a cost perspective, that's where we would like to see unit costs come in lower. And the big driver to that is making sure that we fly a more fulsome schedule and take out the redundancy that we have built in. And it gets back again to how quickly we can get these tests back up, from a regional perspective, get the 787s back in. And my view is that, that's the name of the game for us as we go forward. And as we take a look into the rest of 2022 and 2023, our goal is to make sure that we're utilizing our assets as hard as we possibly can.
Robert Isom: Hey, David, I mean, you've nailed it. We will size the airline for the demand that's out there. So right now, there's more demand than we'd like to be servicing. We have the capacity to be able to do it. But as time goes forward, if that demand doesn't materialize, what we will do is we will size the airline appropriately. We have flexibility within our fleet to be able to take out, I believe, everything that we would need to in terms of matching demand going forward. And on top of that, then we would size the resources around it, including all of the people resources. Now on that front, we have great flexibility, because we're hiring so many folks just to make sure that we can run the airline as we need to. So whether it's a people perspective, whether it's a fleet perspective, we have the ability to size the airline for the demand in fact that's out there.
Robert Isom: So, hey, Daniel. Thanks for the question, and others might chime in here, too. I'll bring us back a little bit because I think the -- what we're focusing on right now is getting back to sustained profitability. So we've reported within guide this quarter despite really challenging operating conditions. We're expecting profitability as we go into the third quarter. And our intent is to stay in the black, okay? That's job number one. As we go out, it's still a murky environment out there, right? We're recovering from the pandemic. And we're doing so well. We know that demand now is back and back strong. There are so many constraints out there in terms of aircraft deliveries, in terms of just people and pilots that, look, we think that we're going to be in a position where we have the ability to improve revenue performance and get higher utilization out of the assets that we have. That bodes well for the future. But I'm reluctant to look too far out to 2023, and say that there are certain margins that we will or will not hit. And I'll leave it at that unless anybody else wants to chime in.
Robert Isom: Daniel, it's absolutely been an opportunity to drive margin expansion. First goal is to just get all the aircraft that we have back up and flying. And so our fleet is -- our regional aircraft is roughly 600 aircraft. Love to get those back up. And over time, there will be changes in terms of mix to that fleet, but it will be based on how effective it supports our hubs and the rest of the mainline operation, too. So first goal and one that I think will take the next couple of years for sure is to get to all 600 back up and flying.
Robert Isom: Hey, Andrew. I'll just add one other point. And it's just this. Look, travel is coming back in record numbers, which is fantastic. And we have set really, really high standards for ourselves in terms of operational reliability. We, look, start out every day, doing everything we can to get every single passenger every flight to where it used to go on time. But if you take a look at really what's going on in the second quarter, okay, we're not that far in terms of overall operating performance from where we have been historically. As a matter of fact, in the second quarter, American did better than it did in 2019. And if you take a look back at prior quarters of history, we're not that far off from other points as well. The fact of the matter is, is that, look, we have operating conditions that we have to be sensitive to. I can't, nor can anyone else do anything about 27 out of 30 days of really severe weather in a number of our hubs that just ultimately result in flight canceling and that rolling from day to day. And when we talk about weather, please understand this, it's not weather. It's safety, okay? When there are air traffic control programs, when there's weather, when there's -- we're doing -- we're taking access to make sure that we ensure the safety of our folks, of not just our customers but also the people on the ground. When ramps close, it's due to widening strikes. And so those kind of things are things that we're always going to take into account. And you know what, there will be seasonal variability to what we do. Everybody is working very hard. I know that our government partners are working very hard. The airlines are working very hard, and I know that the rest of the world will get to where the United States is, which, in the scheme of things, United States is doing very well compared to the rest of the world.
Robert Isom: Well, I'll just -- I'll close with -- pardon me. We're on -- we're going to go to media next. Okay, great. Media next. Thank you.
Robert Isom: Yeah. And Ali, I would just say the biggest supply chain issue has been the aircraft manufacturers themselves. We haven't had the, kind of, the delivery certainty that we'd like. So we know that our friends at Boeing and Airbus are working hard to get that back on track.
Robert Isom: So, hey, Ali, I'll start on this. Look, at American Airlines, I know we have 12,000 more team members in position, but that resulted -- is a result of 20,000 team members that we've had to bring on board and get up to speed. We're behind 2,200 pilots both this year and next year. We've done a great job, I think, in just about every other rank within our team to get the right people on board. So from an American Airlines perspective, we're doing a good job. Of course, we'd like for the regionals to have more supply of new pilots, but we're working hard on that. Over the long run, though, coming to American Airlines is, it's not only a great career, great competition, great benefits. The time to get here is now, because if you ever want to get in and build seniority or take on a new role and lead, it's a good time to come to America.
Robert Isom: Well, look, if I knew the answer to that one, really good position. But, hey, look, I think it's dependent on the supply chains, aircraft manufacturers and ultimately, pilot supply to get all back in sync. We're doing our part. And as we've talked, we look at, from a mainline perspective, kind of getting everything back fully utilized over the course of next year or so. And then from a regional perspective, it's just going to take a little bit longer than that, maybe two or three years, to kind of get the supply chain for pilots back to where we need it to be. So that's the way I look at it. Overall, I am confident that everybody is getting back to work, and the variability will hopefully be reduced and the kind of operating performance will improve from where it was even pre-pandemic.
Robert Isom: So well, pilots are one piece. But what I'm speaking of is, Mary, there's not a day that goes by where we don't have issues with provisioning our aircraft with pillows, blankets, plastic cups, food. At various times, we have issues with fueling. It's just -- the concessionaires at the airport. It's just a myriad of things that have to -- that all have to come together to put an aircraft in the air. And yes, the supply chain for aircraft parts is one thing that we monitor closely. But it's all these other things that we really are dependent on so many other parts of the system. And then again, I mentioned our government partners, it's our airport partners, and it's so many others. Aviation touches just a broad swath of the economy. And we need it all to get back to working really well. 
Robert Isom: Thanks for that question. Look, our staffing issues are really making sure that we can cover the variability that's in the operations today. We have more people per flight hour, per flight than we have ever had in our company's history on duty. What we're dealing with right now is just a lot of variability in the operating environment. To get to the point where we are now, we've added 12,000 positions, gone out and hired 20,000 people to actually fill those and cover for other attrition. The only shortfall that we have right now is really among our regional pilots. Of course, we're going to do things to make sure that we run the airline as reliably as possible and also take into account more extreme variability in operating conditions. We're doing that by pulling the schedule as we go into the third quarter. But we hope that all the work that we've done puts us in a position where we can restore service, get back up to speed as quickly as possible.
Robert Isom: Thank you so much. And I'll just close with this. I am so proud of our team after fighting through this global pandemic for the last 2.5 years battling every step of the way, persevering, caring for customers and each other every single day. We set a couple of goals. One is to return to profitability and to run the most reliable airline we could. And I am so pleased to report that we have returned to profitability. We intend to stay that way. And I know that our team is intent on making sure that we produce the kind of products that we're all proud of and that our customers want to fly. So thanks for listening in, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
