Robert Isom: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Today, American reported an adjusted pretax profit of $257 million for the fourth quarter and approximately $2.5 billion for the full year, driven by the strength of our network, continued demand for our product and fantastic execution by our team. I want to thank the American Airlines team for their incredible work to care for our customers and deliver a 2023 that we're proud of. We're running a historically strong operation, driving incremental revenue through our commercial initiatives, managing our costs, producing record free cash flow and strengthening our balance sheet through debt reduction. This year, we'll continue to prioritize reliability, profitability and accountability, while building an even more efficient and resilient airline. We also remain focused on taking care of our team and continue to make progress on our labor agreements. Our commitment in negotiations has been consistent, reach deals as quickly as possible and ensure our team is paid as well as their industry peers. We finalized a new contract with the APA in the third quarter last year. And a few weeks ago, we did the same for our customer service team, represented by the CWA-IBT, giving team members increased pay and quality of life improvements. We continue to negotiate with the APSA with the shared goal of reaching a deal that will pay our flight attendants at the top of the industry. Now, let's talk more about our financial results. We produced record full year revenues of approximately $53 billion, driven by strong demand for our product and record revenue from our travel rewards program. Demand remains strong, and we've seen robust bookings to start the year as travel trends have begun to normalize across entities. We're also very encouraged by the trends we're seeing in business travel. Domestic revenues from business travel ended the fourth quarter at approximately 90% of 2019 levels. We're excited about the continued rollout of the AAdvantage Business program, and we continue to see strength among small and medium-sized businesses. We see further potential revenue upside as we restore our hubs domestically, enabled in part by the recovery and regional supportability. This year, we expect our system capacity growth to be balanced between domestic and international. More than ever, our revenue growth is fueled by a growing number of AAdvantage customers who acquired our co-brand credit cards in record numbers in 2023. AAdvantage customers represent both our greatest source of value and greatest opportunity going forward. In 2023, two-thirds of our revenue came from AAdvantage customers. These customers also account for 70% of our upsell, loyalty and partnership revenue. Over the past year, we have made changes to our distribution strategy to give customers direct, improved access to our best products and enable American to provide better customer service to the individual traveler. We're very encouraged by the results. Customers who shop directly with us have a more enjoyable experience and are 11 points more likely to recommend American than those shopping in traditional outlets. They're purchasing more valuable content and doing so at lower expense. In 2023, our revenue was 15% higher than 2019, while our selling expenses were 10% lower. Our fleet, network and travel rewards program will continue to drive significant value moving forward. And our limited near-term capital requirements will position us to continue to generate free cash flow. Turning now to the operation. The American Airlines team continues to achieve industry leading operational results. We produced our best ever performance in the fourth quarter and over the full year, including our record on-time departure rate and completion factor during the busy holiday season. American ranked first among the U.S. network carriers in mainline and regional completion factor in 2023, with our lowest number of cancellations for any year since the merger. All of this led to record likelihood to recommend scores in the fourth quarter and full year. No network airline has operated more reliably than American over the past year and a half. We're running the best operation in our history, thanks to our focus on operational excellence and strong collaboration across the entire organization. We will continue to build on that performance and deliver exceptional service for our customers. Now, I will turn it over to Devon to share more about our fourth quarter and full year financial results and outlook for the rest of the year.
Robert Isom: Thanks, Devon. The American Airlines team continues to produce outstanding operational and financial results. When I moved into the CEO role two years ago, we made a commitment to be reliable and profitable and we have delivered in a big way. We made it clear to all of you what we were going to do and our team made it happen. Moving forward, we will continue to execute on our plans and control what we can control. Our team has done tremendous work, but there is much more in front of us as we continue to leverage our fleet and our network and build on our operational momentum. We see significant opportunistic to reengineer the business to build a more efficient airline. All of this will enable us to generate sustainable free cash flow. We look forward to sharing much more at our Investor Day on March 4th. And now, operator, please open the line for analyst questions.
Robert Isom: Thanks, Scott. Hey, look, we see, obviously, a tremendous demand. But we build our plan based on what we think is going to happen. Now that said, if other carriers are actually seeing that kind of benefit, it's going to accrue to American as well. And so I have no doubt that if there are adjustments to our assumptions based on any reason, whether that be capacity or demand that, look, we're going to be the beneficiaries as well as for overall economic performance in the U.S.
Robert Isom: Hey, David. I just want to add one other thing here, which is, this is that we've built technology to enable us to react to whatever may come our way. So as Vasu has said that, look, our goal is to make sure that we can deliver a product to the customers the way they want to receive it. It also has to be done in a way that is incredibly nimble and can be changed. And in the past you may have seen carriers, even American unable to react very quickly. That's not the case right now. So whatever happens in the marketplace, we've got the technology, we've got the product to be super competitive and whether it's us developing it on our own or having to compete, we'll be ready.
Robert Isom: Hey, Katherine. Thanks. No, we're excited about the Investor Day. And look, we've worked really hard to put the focus of the company on doing the fundamentals really well. You know that we've talked about returning the company to reliability, profitability, strengthening our balance sheet by paying down debt. We're in a really great spot now to talk about what's next. And on that horizon, we're going to be talking about the benefits of all the work that we've done on our fleet, everything we've done with our network and partnerships. Vasu's mentioned a number of times, even today, the potential within our loyalty program. We're going to talk about even doing better in terms of what we deliver to our customers. And ultimately, we want to talk a lot about how we can do that all a lot more efficiently. One of the things you'll see is that in Americans, look, it's a changed airline. We have a focus on producing free cash flow and ultimately, rewarding our shareholders. So can't wait to tell you more about all of that.
Robert Isom: No, Vasu can add some color to that. Look, January isn't -- it's been a strong month for us, but it's never the busiest months of the year. And so we'll fly load factors in the 70s. It's probably similar for the rest of the industry. And while I'm sure that there is benefit, I know that there is, it's not material when you think about the number of seats that are opened for all carriers and the overall size of the American Airlines business.
Robert Isom: Yeah. Hey, thanks for the question. Look, I'll answer it in this way. We have been similarly enthusiastic and even a little surprised at how quickly the transition has happened. It's not just that we're 80% coming through Internet based technology. Within that, 65% plus is coming just strictly through our owned channels, which is our greatest rate of growth. So first, I will say, strategically, we're going to distribute through the Internet. It's what our customers demand. It's how we give them the best fares and the lowest expenses and the best servicing. So at some point, the number becomes 100. And the real issue in 2024 is we want to just continue to transition as many of our retailing partners to use the Internet with us. So ultimately, it becomes 100. We're really encouraged by what we've seen therein.
Robert Isom: Yeah. And Vasu, I'll just add that, look, all of that kind of work will be a facilitator to delivering product faster, more efficiently and so that's the kind of mindset. So we're not -- I'd rather not talk about it just as a discrete item. We'll bring it altogether as we get to March 4th.
Robert Isom: Hey, Ali. Look, a couple of quick things. First off, some of Boeing's current issues are all around the MAX 9 and the 737-900s. American Airlines does not fly those aircraft. We're a huge Boeing customer, though, and we're dependent on them for just producing. [Technical Difficulty] We're going to hold them accountable. Boeing needs to get their act together. The issues that they've been dealing with over the recent period of time, but also going back a number of years now is unacceptable. And no matter who it is, all of Boeing needs to come together and to get back on the right track.
Robert Isom: So, look, we will encourage Boeing to do everything that they can to get back on track and produce a quality product, plain and simple. For us, we have a fleet right now of over 1,500 aircraft, so we have 20 MAX 8s that are on the horizon for this next year. These aircrafts are likely already in production, and I don't anticipate to run into any issues. But I'll say this as well, though. Nobody has taken on more new aircraft than American Airlines in recent history. And we take that acceptance process very seriously, and we've done that for years. We have the teams of people in place to make sure that what comes onto Americans property is ready to go, ready to fly. And as I said before, we encourage Boeing to get their act together, get back on the right track.
Robert Isom: So, Mary, thanks for the questions. Let me just start with this first. Administrator Whitaker, we have incredible confidence in. He's the right person for the job right now, and I'm very, very confident that he will hold all of us, but especially Boeing accountable for what they do. And to that end, I think that's the right approach. Look, aviation in the United States, aviation throughout the world, it's the safest form of transportation. We have a commitment to keep it that way, and Boeing has to be part of that equation. Now, as we take a look at future needs for aircraft, again, American Airlines, we have 1,500 aircraft, and a lot of the growth that we've been talking about is getting planes back up in the air that we could get more utilization out of. So, we're fortunate from that perspective. We're also fortunate to be the operator of the world's largest fleet of Airbus aircraft. So, look, we need Boeing to be successful over the long run. They've got to get their act together. We need all OEMs to do their job. It's hard enough running an airline. We need quality product, and that's what we demand.
Robert Isom: We'll take -- look, we take the acquisition of new aircraft, bringing new aircraft down to American fleet very seriously, and we're going to make sure that whatever is purchased, whether it be from Airbus, Boeing, Embraer, you name it, that's something we take very seriously. And we're going to make sure that, that product is incredibly reliable, safe, right from the get go, right off the factory floor.
Robert Isom: Hey, Leslie. Look, as I've said before, American Airlines has taken more new aircraft than anyone in, really, the history of commercial aviation over the last 10 years. And on that front, we've had to deal with quality issues that we've had to make sure that we were protected against. And so from that perspective, we have a very robust aircraft acceptance process with people that are dedicated to that. And we're going to make sure that whatever we take from any manufacturer, and especially Boeing, that we have the right resources to ensure that they meet our specifications and are ready to go when they come into our fleet. And I'll leave it at that.
Robert Isom: Thanks, Latif. Look, 2023 was an exceptional year for us. It was another year of building back from the pandemic, and I'm really proud of what the team has done. They've established us as the industry leader in reliability. We've restored the airline to profitability. We produced record free cash flow last year. We've got another year of really making sure that we continue the progress. It's a year that we're still recovering from the pandemic, and we're going to have to see how demand and capacity all shakes out. But as I've said even earlier today, we expect demand to be very strong. The spring and summer, I think, are going to be exceptional times for us in terms of demand for product. And as we look forward, I'm very interested in sitting down with folks and talking on March 4 at our Investor Day and talking about the future of American, building on that platform, showing how we have changed and that we have a mindset of producing for our customers, taking care of our team, and also making sure that we reward shareholders. More on that in the next month. And everybody, take care, and we'll talk soon.
Vasu Raja: Absolutely, Mike. No, it's a great question. There's actually two things to clarify. One is the difference between, as we call it short haul and long haul Latin America and also the difference between year-over-year RASM and actually, marginal profitability. So -- and I'll do the second one first. First, in December, we flew our largest schedule ever in Miami with so much of it going to Latin America. It also was most profitable we've seen the Miami hub. We've been able to drive a lot of efficiency over South America. And so while we do see some more challenging near-term revenue trends, the important thing is, it's near term both in short and in long. As we look at Q1, the entirety of our short-haul business, domestic plus the short-haul Latin markets together, basically, any way where we can fly a narrow body turns positive by the end of Q1. So, we do see the issues as really more near term. And related with -- in the long-haul market too, we see improving trends as we move through the course of the year.
Vasu Raja: Hey, Mike. There's probably a lot about this that we're not going to quite answer yet, but at least, let me offer this. First, foremost and always, our partnership with GOL is a commercial partnership and we benefit them tremendously through our network, our AAdvantage program and our customer base. We're a massive source of value for them. And whatever course of action they choose to take, that will hold true. And the last thing I'll say is really for our customers that no matter what might happen in the region, we see no compromise to our network connectivity, the quality of service or whatever else might be the case. So, we're prepared for all eventualities, but our partnerships are first and foremost, commercial partnerships.
Vasu Raja: Yeah. Sure, happy to. Look, for us, we anticipate that the domestic system will turn positive by the end of the quarter. Maybe I should start by saying this. So much of our capacity is weighted to the short-haul market. In Q1, we will be over 75% of our ASMs in domestic and short-haul Caribbean. So that very much influences things. But we end Q1 with RASM across those regions turning positive. In long haul, we see a lot of -- effectively, flat Transatlantic performance year-over-year, Transpacific and long-haul Latin flat to slightly down year-over-year. But all of those entities are seeing improving trends. And certainly, as we see more capacity changes coming into schedules for March and beyond, those numbers will yet move again. And we're probably more encouraged by what we see in short haul than in maybe any other region at this point.
Vasu Raja: Well, Jamie, the worst is behind us. That happened in Q3. In fact, New York -- and I'd refer you and others to prior commentary that I made on this either in press or on these calls. The New York marketplace, the New York customer base has changed in the post-pandemic world. It now is the thing, which our slot portfolio serves a whole lot better. Our New York performance is doing better. And unlike what led to the partnerships we've had there, we see continued growth in originations share. New York is our largest market for enrolling new customers, both in AAdvantage and in the credit card and it had never been that prior to the NEA. So, we're certainly open. We're open to any partnership that is better for our customers, period, full stop. But for where we are right now, the worst is certainly behind us.
Vasu Raja: Hey, Jamie. It's a great question and maybe one that speaks at large our distribution strategy. And so let me speak at large to that first and I'll hit that. First, all of our changes whether it's with corporate travel management or travel agencies, what have you, are this simple, we sell our product through the Internet. That's what our customers demand. That's how we can give them the best content at the lowest expenses to them and the best servicing and we see that. We see that we're producing revenue more efficiently, more strategically more to the liking of our customers. I'll echo what Robert said. We're up 15% in revenue. We are down 8% to 9% in selling expenses. Our likelihood to recommend scores are higher. But as we look at it, what has really been a change is 65% of our revenue comes from AAdvantage customers, but we continue to see a lot more (ph). About 45% of our revenue is coming from AAdvantage customers who are buying premium content, a better seat, more refundability, more flexibility for miles. And that's up 3 points year-over-year. So that's all to say that -- in any which way we double click on that, it's meaningful, right? We too exit Q4 with a 90% business recovery. Within that unmanaged business versus managed businesses, almost a 3:1 ratio, with unmanaged business 100% plus recovered, managed business down further. The impact on managed business is really flat from traffic on higher yields. So as we go forward, actually, we're going to lean further into this. What we have realized through this is first and foremost, we need to make it easy for our customers to consume our content through the Internet. So, we're going to offer more mileage for customers who shop through the Internet. We're going to roll out better servicing capabilities for Internet distribution, and we are going to start restricting the amount of selling and servicing that we do through non-Internet based channels. And we invite all the travel managers and all the travel agencies of the world to join us in this because this is great for customers and it should be great for them too. All of our financial incentives targeted to that audience are really around helping them shift. So, we've actually been very encouraged by what we've seen. I think, clearly, our relative RASM performance is similar to what it was in the exit pandemic period. And now in the year ahead, we have the opportunity to optimize.
Vasu Raja: Hey. Thanks, David. This is Vasu, and I'll pick it up right where I left it off. I think I can probably give you a fact point that makes it easier to understand just why we are so focused around selling, creating more content for AAdvantage customers. So if you look at our system right now, about 7% of what we sell is basic economy. And indeed, that is up 20% year-over-year, but that's up 20% year-over-year because we changed its product. Last year we included in commission dealings and corporate travel management programs. We just took it out last year. We reintroduced it this year, [Technical Difficulty] that's actually not the critical thing. What's been more interesting to us is 10% of our revenue is coming from customers who actually shop basic, but then buy something higher. And within that -- that number is up 25% year-over-year. And almost all of its growth is coming through dot-com and app. And we see more and more ways where customers actually who are coming for a basic product want more than that, and we can go and deliver that to them, which is why so many of our distribution strategies, far from being risky, we see as a great opportunity.
Vasu Raja: Well, look, at large, and I think Robert mentioned it earlier, if there is -- like all businesses, supply, demand driven businesses and if there's less supply, that's going to have a clear impact on demand. But for us, with things like basic, in fact, for all of our fare products, we do not make products that are so odious no one will buy it. The whole point of them is to actually have customers experience, travel and join AAdvantage. And for us, basic economy is not about a competitive product. It's our entry level product that gets customers in the door and signed up for AAdvantage.
Vasu Raja: Yeah. Hey, thanks for the question. Look, the booking curve is largely flat to last year. There is a moderate shift. Let's call it 2 points from outside of the inside 30 day range to the outside 30 day range. What I would say is, right now, we're intaking revenues in line with capacity and entity by entity, market by market. Sometimes it's yield, sometimes it's traffic. But as long as that's continuing, we're encouraged. Right now, in the summer, really the most impactful thing that we see is long haul. And we're seeing long haul book up on a revenue basis at the same rates as we saw last year, which is a particularly strong year and we're just too early in the domestic and short haul curve to really see that yet. But we're encouraged by what we see even as we start selling more March and the post Easter period too.
Vasu Raja: Hey, Dan. Let me start on this one as need be. Devon or others can pick up. But this is actually a great one, which we look forward to talking about more in our Investor Day. We are operating the entirety of the company with a tech-first mindset. This is one of many initiatives, but by no means the biggest, as promising as it is as you've laid out. So more to come soon.
Devon May: Yeah. And, Scott, I'll only add, our focus in this company is margin performance. And there is so much that can change as you get out into Q3 or Q4. But as we see it right now, as the year has started, we are intaking revenues at the same growth rate that our capacity is coming in. As I mentioned earlier, we will exit Q1 as we anticipated with positive year-over-year RASM in our domestic and short-haul business. And we expect a lot of the same strength in international RASMs to continue. But first and always, we are margin focused.
Devon May: Hey. Thanks for the question, Catie. We are pretty focused on the next 24 months right now. So as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect total debt reduction to be down $13 billion by the end of 2024, so about $1.5 billion improvement from where we were at, at the end of 2023. We still have a target for $15 billion of total debt reduction by the end of 2025. So, we're really proud of the progress we have made over the last couple of years. Also, really proud of the progress we've made in smoothing out our debt towers going forward. At the start of 2023, we had over $9 billion of debt due in 2025. Through debt paydown and some refinancings, we have significantly smoothed that tower and we feel really good about where we're at now. Still feel great about the $15 billion total debt reduction target. And yeah, as we get to the Investor Day in March, we'll talk a lot more about our longer term goals for the balance sheet
Devon May: Correct. Okay, well, look, at large, consistent with pretty much all that we've talked about, we will, through the course of the year, be a roughly 75-25 short haul, long haul carrier. Increasingly, our growth will be split about 50-50 between short haul and long haul. Certainly the thing that we are maybe most enthusiastic about is the continued improved utilization of our wholly-owned regional jets. In fact, so much of how domestic turns to positive RASM is directly correlated to us bringing regional jets back. And as good as that's starting to look, in the weeks and months ahead, we know we still have 10% more utilization to do there. So, that's really where our opportunity is. And in long haul, I mean, you can kind of see the schedule that's out there right now. There's probably not a lot of difference when it actually goes to fly, but a big chunk of our footprint will be in Transatlantic in the summer, which tends to be the highest demand thing, followed by Latin America and last of all, Pacific.
Devon May: Yeah. Look, 60% of our revenue comes from customers buying premium content, of which 45 points of that are AAdvantage customers and 15 points are non-AAdvantage customers. So I'd say at large, our real commercial opportunity is to make those people who are -- help those people who are 15% buying premium content, join our programs and give continuity of great content to the people who do. And we see continued improvements in premium load factors pretty much every way there is. Premium revenues across our system are up 15%. Premium book load factors are at their highest levels, approaching close to 80% in some periods that are there. And really a lot of what we're endeavoring to do is reserve so much of our premium capacity for AAdvantage customers.
Devon May: Yeah. For this year, it certainly is a lot less higher than what we've done in the past. We are going to be bringing on about 1% more headcount. So, we'll call it somewhere around 1,000 or 2,000 more heads this year, but a big reduction from where we're last year. And it's just a sign of where we're at with efficiencies as well. We've probably hired a head a little bit in 2023, but this year we're looking to grow the airline mid-single digits and headcount is going to grow by about 1%.
Devon May: Yeah. I'll start and just maybe talk about where the P&L has been and then turn it over to Robert, to David. But we did have some headwinds in 2023, I want to say our maintenance expense in 2023 versus 2022 was up something close to $0.5 billion. This year flattens out a bit. We do expect it to be up. And it's one of the areas of the P&L where we'll have a little bit of variability just depending on how many in-house engine overhauls that we end up doing this year. But '23 was a big step up, '24 is less so. And there is a lot of great work being done on David's team to address as well. Hand it over to them.
Devon May: What I would say is 50 -- let me first clarify. So, 65% of our bookings are going through our digital channels. On a revenue basis, it's actually a little bit north of that. It's probably a little closer to 70% as we're intaking. And those are our revenue intakes that are coming in. Separately from that, when we go, look back at 2023, 60% of our revenue came from customers buying premium content, which is a premium seat or greater flexibility around the premium seat. Of those, 15% of our total customer base is non-AAdvantage. About 45% is AAdvantage.
