William Douglas Parker: Yeah. Kevin, what I'm certain of is that we – the leverage in this airline is in closing the revenue gap that we have. And I'm equally certain that our ability to do that, while asking our team to work for less than their peers is a big challenge and one that I'm certain either is fair to our team nor to our leadership because it makes it increasingly difficult. So I don't know that I can directly answer your question but I'm highly confident that it is correlated. And would note, again, this isn't about us making a bet that, oh, if we can go get to rates that are – pay levels that are higher than others, that will get us something that will allow us to generate higher revenues than others. I don't think I would make that argument. This is about us getting our team to the levels that are currently in place at our competitor airlines and consistent with the commitment we made to our team at the time of the merger that we would compensate them in line with their peers at other airlines, a commitment again that we've made consistently with each and every contract. But in the case of these two contracts that were done shortly after the merger and were put in place on five-year terms, which is also worth noting, longer terms than the other airlines are putting in place today. It just got to where the gap was too big and it was going to be in place for too long and that didn't feel right to any of us. So I feel good about that commitment. It's a commitment we're happy to make, not just in this case, but to any of the rest of our team to the extent we see large discrepancies in our pay rates, our base pay rates versus competitors, other airlines and there's still significant amount of time and we can get that addressed through contract negotiations. You should expect us to correct it because that's the right thing to do for our team and I think – and I do believe, Kevin, what happens so long as we do that, we have an engaged and excited team that is seeing the trust they placed in us validated and they go take care of our customers and that's the best way to take care of our shareholder.
William Douglas Parker: Yes, I would beg to differ. Again, given the experience levels here, and what our teams have been through. And look, we're comfortable with the commitment. You're right, in one sense, I suppose, that if you want to look at our commitment and figure out what it means for the industry, the answer is you've got to go ask others in the industry because we're, indeed, not leading this charge. We're just making sure we're staying – we're catching up. So where it goes in the future will be dependent on what others do in the future. But look, I feel, I think again, I think this is – what you're seeing here is the maturing of an industry and an industry that has seen the people work in this business go through incredibly difficult times and what we needed to have happen was that get corrected. And I think look – and I think it's largely corrected. We were encouraged to hear Delta, apparently at their Investor Day, mentioned that they put in place a 6% pay increase for all their team, for all their non-union members, which at Delta is everyone, I believe, except their pilots and their dispatchers. So the vast majority of the airline they increased 6% again this year but note on their Investor Day they thought that was their last industry reset and they would see inflationary increases in the future. So I don't know that I agree with your premise but I certainly agree with our commitment and that is we're going to make sure, because it's important that our team who is an incredibly important part of our product is excited and engaged. And it's hard to do that if they see others that do the same job they do and don't do it as well at other companies, getting compensated more on an hourly basis. So that's important to us. It will continue to be important. I don't think it's dramatically different than if you saw another airline make some major enhancement to their in-flight product, you would see us match those because it is an important part of making sure that we're taking care of our customers. And these are the people to take care of our customers, the people that are on the frontline, not just our pilots and flight attendants, our mechanics, our fleet service employees, our reservations agents, our gate agents, every single one of them deserves the same commitment and we're happy to make it.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah, Jamie, I think you referenced some comments that we made at your conference and the rest of the group may not know what you're talking about, so let me try.
William Douglas Parker: That's quite all right. And I don't know, your conference is so well attended maybe everybody knows exactly what you're talking about but I'll try anyway.
William Douglas Parker: Yes, that did make it rough. So look, and importantly, I need to restate it because – I would restate it slightly differently than what you just said. Here's what I said and here's what we do. And it's a really important point so I'm glad you raised it. We believe the – we have a company today that over – on average, over time in today's current environment, should generate pre-tax earnings of around $5 billion. Now, look, it's a volatile business. We all know that. That hasn't changed. While that level of earnings is a number that no one has ever fathomed before, the fact is it's still volatile. So, we think it will average $5 billion over time. We think the better years will look around like $7 billion and the lesser years will look around like $3 billion but over time, we should expect this company can generate over time $5 billion. Now, look, that is not just a statement that we make. That is how we compensate our every one of the employees at American Airlines that get an annual bonus, so everyone essentially manager level and above. That's why this is important. We use that formula I just said to fund our annual incentive pool, and we've done that since the merger. Now again, the $3 billion and $7 billion have moved around a little bit as we've gotten more comfortable with post-merger earnings, but the $5 billion hasn't changed since the day of the merger. And maybe it will change one day but we're not changing it – we're certainly – nothing about what we're seeing today leads us to believe that should change. So that's what I reported to you all is that – that's what we think about the earnings prospects of this company. And not only do we think that, that's how we fund our incentive pool. So, again, the way the incentive pool works, not that you care that much about our executive compensation, but I think it's really important to what you think about our expectations for the business. We fund the incentive pool by telling the team, look, if we have a year where we make $5 billion, we're going to fund the incentive pool at target. If we have a year where we make $3 billion, we're going to fund it at half of target, below that, there's no bonus. And if we have a year where we make $7 billion that's the maximum, which is double the bonus. So – and you're right, no one on the Street, I think, is forecasting $5 billion for American this year. But we didn't change that formula for the team. So this – if indeed the Street is right, this will be one of those years that's slightly worse. And there will be years in the future that are slightly better. What's important about this point is that if we are right, and, again, we're not just throwing out numbers here. This is how we're incentivizing our management team. If we're right, our stock is so undervalued it defies logic in my view. If we're right, and this company is going to – over time going to average $5 billion pre-tax, really easy – really simple math and you guys are a lot better at this than me, but I'll go to the simple math, $5 billion taxed is $3 billion, $3 billion and for a company today that is trading at somewhere around – has a market cap of about $24 billion, that's eight times what I'm telling you I think is our steady state earnings. Eight times steady state earnings when the average S&P company over the last 20-something years has had a multiple of earnings of something like, help me, Dan, 19 times. Feels like people don't believe the $5 million (sic) [$5 billion] (34:05) number. And that's fine. But we do. So that's why we're so bullish on the company. And the investments we've made today only strengthen that view. We don't look at that and think, oh, gosh, now it's $300 million harder to get to $5 billion. We look at this and say this reinforces our view that we're going to continue the momentum we have in improving the revenues by these investments we're making, and we feel even better about that in the long-term. So that's what I said, and that's what we still believe.
William Douglas Parker: Well, look, I would say this. When you say it's difficult for you to do that, I would argue it's almost impossible for you to compare those numbers. There are enormous differences in the amount of work that American does in-house versus what some other airlines do outside. So you wouldn't see it in the head count or in the salaries, you'd see it, instead, in their numbers and their outside services, and we try to do similar analysis and you can't get there, I don't think. But I'll tell you this, as is the case in most mergers, when you're running two airlines, you need to have some redundancies in place that as you get through the merger, you can eliminate, and we still have some of that in place. But rather than trying to quantify it, because I don't know that we know what it is yet and/or how we're going to manage it and over what period of time, I would just point you to the guidance that Derek rattled off on our cost trends. We had CASM ex fuel in the first quarter here of 8%. The second quarter we say 6% to 8%. The third quarter we say 3% to 5%. Fourth quarter we say 2% to 4%. That includes – again, those estimates include this adjustment that we made last night. So that's a rapidly declining year-over-year increase in cost. And while we're in no position to start giving 2018 guidance yet, I would certainly expect that that trend would continue into 2018 and that is that number of 2% to 4%. And fourth quarter 2017 would be even lower for the full year of 2018. So it's coming down. The rate of growth is certainly slowing. But look, we recognize that our job is to make sure we're running the airline efficiently, and we believe we're doing so today. There are some things that because we're still running in some cases two separate airlines that may have us doing that less efficiently than we'll be able to do over time, but we'll make sure we get there as quickly as we possibly can. I think you'll start to see most of that in 2018 and, again, nothing to report now on how big that will be because I don't think we know. I know we don't know because I don't know.
William Douglas Parker: The short answer is no. And again, I come back to the overriding point, which is this increase in our near-term expenses in no way changes our view about our long-term prospects. Indeed, it gives us more confidence that they're achievable. So nothing about this makes us think anything about – and, again, let me make one other point on that because this seems to be a theme – a recurring theme that I'm having trouble getting across. We look at this longer term than – and on the long-term, this was an expense that was coming. There's no way when we got to 2020 and did new contracts, of course, that we're going to go sign new contracts with our team that were going to keep in place this sort of a gap. So we accelerated an expense. Again, not something we do lightly and not something we had to do, something we thought we should do. But none of this, to us, feels like any sort of change in the long-term prospects, and when we think about things like share repurchase and capital allocation, we think about it in the long-term. So no, no change in that. We're really confident with our current capital allocation. We think we're doing the right thing for our shareholders, we're happy yet again, as Derek noted, to make some purchases in the quarter that were a good bit less than the price at least as we opened today, and so we feel good about that. We think we – another thing worth noting again on the capital allocation piece is, yeah, our debt is higher, but it's because our assets are better. Another point that I think sometimes gets lost, maybe our fault for not mentioning it enough, but this higher levels in debt versus our competitors is driven by the fact that we have a much younger fleet, and that fleet is a lot more valuable. There's a fleet they have in place and that drives higher debt, of course. So we feel good about the capital allocation, and we will continue to do what's best for our shareholders and our team as we go forward.
William Douglas Parker: Yeah. Thanks, Don. That's what I was going to say. And again, the others may meet their guidance and we may exceed our guidance. If you're asking us to forecast the gap versus the others, we're certainly not forecasting that that gap will narrow in the second quarter. We just think we probably have – we may have different biases in our forecasting. Ours might be more conservative than theirs. But if the second quarter actuals come in and that gap closes, that's, I don't know, we'll look at why that happened if that happens, but we certainly don't expect that.
William Douglas Parker: I'll let Robert try and do that probably more in terms of the things we think we can do to close as opposed to what drivers are. Go ahead, Robert.
William Douglas Parker: Well, first off, I can't believe I said that in 2007, but if you say I did, okay. This has been an issue, at least from our perspective is it's part and parcel of the airline and part of running the airline and part of inventory management and something that at least in my recollection I've never considered as a particularly good idea to spend out – maybe when we forgot exactly how we financed survival it might have been something we were looking at. But so, anyway, rather than trying to figure out why I said something in 2007, I'll tell you what we think now, which is. Yes. Well, first up to your larger question, would it surprise me to learn that's the value of the advantage program? I would have to say, yes. Because that is greater than the value of American Airlines in total as we sit here today. But I am not arguing with you. You guys are better at doing valuations than we are, and the market will decide. I find it odd that simply separating something that is inside the airline today and putting it into a separate entity with the exact same cash flows would somehow generate that much incremental value, but again, that's something that you guys can figure out better than we can. But actually, I should be careful on that. If we believe that, then of course we would be spending perhaps more effort trying to figure out how to spend it out. What I believe is the advantage program is really valuable. It's an incredible part of our airline. It's a significant reason that we feel so good about our future. And we maximize the value for our shareholders. And whether or not that is done in-house or in a separate entity, that's going to be the case. And the value will be created. So we agree with you, there's a lot of value there. We agree with you that perhaps that's another reason the airline is undervalued, I just think we're undervalued for all sorts of reasons. I think people don't appreciate what's happened in this industry or this airline, and how it's going to make a difference in the long term. And that's where we're focused. As I told you last time, we agree with your pointing this out, and we will continue to try to do a better job of pointing out to investors as best we can the value of the advantage program. But it's part and parcel of the airline and a really important part of the airline and one that we're happy with the way it's being managed and the value it's producing. And it's in our – in the results of the airline today and in the future.
William Douglas Parker: Okay. Fair enough. It's not that. So, yes, okay, fair enough. We should probably spend a little more time pointing out that that stream of our earnings is a little less volatile than other streams. So noted.
William Douglas Parker: I think Robert laid those out pretty well. He can lay them out again for you, if you'd like, as to what the initiatives are. And as to the value themselves, we mentioned that as well.
William Douglas Parker: Yes. Thanks, Brandon. Thanks for asking. And, again, with – I did try to address this earlier in the stuff you may have missed but I'll try again. The – I do think volatility of earnings are dramatically different than they used to be, and more importantly, the level of earnings at which we – the mean level from which you vacillate is much, much higher, and I don't – and that is different this time, and it's an enormous difference and I don't think that's been appreciated. So, but as to your volatility point, again, this is what we're doing today in terms of taking a group of our team members who was going to be, for two and a half years, paid a good bit less than their peers at other airlines, who were doing the same functions, is entirely consistent with my view that earnings are less volatile. This is getting to a level of compensation across the industry that needed to occur. And once you get to that level, I think you'll see, as you do in other mature businesses, that labor costs, certainly one, you get efficiencies over time, as good businesses do. But, two, labor costs per employee increases at rates commensurate with inflation. And I think it's what you'll see in this business. But all of us had to get to a point where we got to what, really, team members in this business deserve and none of them were there because of everything we had to do to survive. So that's what I think is happening here. It doesn't affect by any means our view about the long-term value; indeed as I said at the outset, it increases our confidence in our ability to go create that value because we can't do that without an excited and engaged team. We're making huge progress in that regard. We've got some momentum with this that has us very excited and we were concerned about our ability to maintain that momentum for the next two and a half years, while asking our team to live by a contract that they just happened to sign earlier than the rest of our team, and as a result found themselves further behind their peers than the rest of our team. So that didn't seem right to us, and that's – so when we see things that don't feel right, we correct them, we don't live by contracts we have in place, and that's what we did. And we feel extremely good about that, and it makes us feel even better about the long-term prospects.
William Douglas Parker: Well, look, we've been working on this for six-seven months so if you're talking about recent incidents, absolutely not. If you're – if you're asking do we think paying our team in line with our peers helps us do a better job of taking care of customers, absolutely, I absolutely believe that. But, yes, if you're asking if this is related to some high profile consumer events of recent times. Absolutely not, we've been working on this for several months.
William Douglas Parker: Yes, Ted, we don't have any comment on that. We're – the – we've commented on the incident itself. It was – and did everything we could to make sure we apologized to the customers involved. We have an amazing team of people in American Airlines which is why we like to do the things that we do today. And they are out there doing incredible things every day. We sometimes, because of our policies and procedures, put them in difficult situations, we are going to work to make sure we minimize those, but we are really happy with the job they do. And we are focused – and very proud of the job they do. And obviously our customers – we look to provide great service to our customers in the same way by giving our team the tools they need for their jobs because all they really want to do is take care of our customers. So anyway, that's where we are on that, and nothing new to report.
William Douglas Parker: There's no secrets behind it. This is the way, that we're launching and you'll see more about it as time comes.
Donald B. Casey: Yes. I mean, we – clearly, there's a lot of capacity growth, and there's a pretty active pricing environment. The industry did a big reset in terms of pricing last year heading into the fourth quarter where we've been more – a bit more aggressive versus low cost carriers. We do have easing comps. So as we go forward, I think we're going to see the comps get a bit easier. We also ran last year at relatively low load factors, U.S. point of sale demand was not as strong as we had hoped last year. Although we're seeing some weakness coming out of the UK, overall, the U.S. point of sale seems very robust this year, and we expect, as we go through the summer that we're going to run materially higher load factors than last year.
Donald B. Casey: Yeah. I mean, I – first of all, let's not, I guess, confuse guidance with performance. Guidance is guidance and not everybody hits their guidance. So we'll see how the actuals come in when we get through the second quarter. Although on the – from a guidance perspective, this looks like a – sequentially we're not increasing as much. But this will again be the fourth quarter in a row where our performance is better than everybody else's, and so we'll just have to wait and see where the actuals come in, in terms of year-over-year versus others.
Donald B. Casey: Okay. This is Don. We had, obviously, a very solid first quarter performance in Latin America, Brazil led the way. We had positive unit revenue in all of South America and low single digit declines in the rest of the South America market. As we look forward into the second quarter, we see continuing strength, actually strength improving. And in the second quarter, we expect a positive year-over-year unit revenue in every entity in Latin America that it looks very, very robust at this point.
Donald B. Casey: We're not really seeing anything dramatic on the supply side in LatAm, overall. We're seeing affirmative growth in Mexico but we're seeing a lot of demand growth as well, but nothing that we see that's going to change our current outlook.
Donald B. Casey: We saw improvement across the board for our – in corporate markets. And this, again, marks a kind of high-water mark for us since the merger. And in the first quarter, we had our best performance in terms of both share and share gap, and our trends heading into second quarter are also very strong.
Donald B. Casey: This is Don Casey. The value comes – we know that there are many customers that are willing to spend a little bit more to fly on American because of the great product that we have. And under the current distribution models in the industry, it's very difficult to display anything other than the lowest fare. So by having two different products and different product attributes, this allows customers to actually make a choice which product is right for them. And we believe there are many occasions where customers are willing to pay just a little bit more to fly on American and the great product that we have. And if all they're really interested in is just having the lowest fair, that's the only thing that's really important to them, then we have a good product for them as well.
Derek J. Kerr: Yes, I still feel like that's doable for each of the two years, not just over the two years but for each of the two years.
Derek J. Kerr: Yes. So in this year, we'll have $4.4 billion in combination, so CapEx of $4.1 billion. Pensions, we did $279 million. In 2018, CapEx – aircraft CapEx is $1.6 billion, and pension right now we're forecasting $1.1 billion. But one thing I want to note on that, that's an assumption that the mortality tables do change. If the mortality tables do not change, that'll be reduced by about $400 million, so we have the most conservative number in there. So it's $1.6 billion in aircraft CapEx and $1.1 billion in pension payments. And then in 2019, aircraft CapEx is $2.8 billion and pension payment is right at a $1 billion.
Derek J. Kerr: No, it drops in – in 2020 it drops to $600 million; and 2021, it drops to $600 million. And those are all assuming the mortality table changes. If those don't change, then those could be modified, but it goes down to $600 million in 2020 and 2021, so I'd say the run rate is more $600 million past to the 2019 timeframe.
Derek J. Kerr: We have analyzed it. We could do it if we want. We think we're – we don't have any requirement to do any payment until 2018 and don't believe we should go forward with that. I think the $1.1 billion we're doing in 2018 will get us to 80% funded which is exactly where one of my competitors went to. So that's the reason we're going to 2018. We only have to do, I think it's $60 million in 2018, so the $1.1 billion is significantly over what we're required to do in order for us to get to that 80% funded once the Airline Relief Act comes off. So, well, it's similar to what they're doing, we just don't need to do it until 2018.
Derek J. Kerr: Wait for the Investor Day. We haven't – outside of Basic and Premium Economy, we haven't sized it and we'll be happy to shed more light on it later this year.
Derek J. Kerr: Yes. No, I think there is. I mean it's – but we're going to – we had a lot of wide-bodies come in. We had 787s and we had A350s coming on top of each other, so we needed to manage our delivery schedule and where our wide-bodies are. So at this point in time, yes. So we just pushed them off two years to make sure that we had a – didn't have too many wide-bodies coming to us at one point in time.
Robert D. Isom: No, there's really – there was a lot of pricing action in the domestic market last year that kind of got sorted out in July that had an impact on some of the bookings through August in particular. October actually was a bit of a weak month for just about everybody last year. But other than that, I think it's nothing stands out as being dramatically impacting the last half of 2017.
Robert D. Isom: Darryl, I'd just like to point out that I think there are a number of things that are benefiting us that are certainly due to the investments we've been making, but in all honesty a lot of catch-up and I do think is – will benefit us and it's going to be unique to American. Some of the things that are just taking root now, as we've talked about, we are still confident that between our Basic and Premium Economy products that we're talking about a $1 billion worth of incremental revenue, which is sizable. I think everybody – I think you know that we haven't really had a premium product for our widebody long haul flying that's been consistent out in the marketplace. And so, this year we will finally have a lie-flat product across all international entities, which is fantastic. We think that we have some density issues with our narrow body fleet that we will be addressing in the coming years as well that I think will have benefits in terms of overall revenue production and also will help us from a unit cost perspective as well. Don and team have been making improvements in revenue management. And I want to underscore the work that we're doing with our sales team as well. And I'd like to say that a lot of that's baked into the current numbers, but I'm glad that as we look forward that that is just coming on, and we think is going to continue to drive outperformance versus the industry.
Robert D. Isom: When we take a look at the list of initiatives that we are pursuing, we think that that will definitely make us competitive.
Robert D. Isom: Yes. And, Helane, I'll talk a little bit more about South Florida. So, we understand the competition and then also the nature of the markets, and so there's always appropriate consideration. But look, Fort Lauderdale, it's a nice, local market operation. We view Miami differently. We do view it as the ideal connecting opportunity and hub for American, but not just American, of any carrier to the South America. We've got a nice position there. And a lot of the work that we're doing is really to try to maximize the flows and over the long run, we do think that that is something that is going to set us apart. And you may have noticed recently that's actually helped us in markets like Cuba, where we can do things because of the connecting power of the hub, and we're going to continue to make sure that we maximize utility of that operation.
Robert D. Isom: Okay. I mean, basically clearly we had some kind of unique headwinds that affected us, right? The Southwest growth at Love Field, the OCC growth Brazil, Venezuela. But we really kind of came out from under all that at the end of the second quarter of last year. And so, Brazil's clearly one area where we're seeing some year-over-year improvement, but the rest of that really doesn't really drive any year-over-year change. So the real value we're seeing and the uptick in our revenue performance, although Brazil is a piece of that, it's really being driven by all of the other initiatives we have out there in the marketplace. It's the new airplanes, it's the new product, it's the restructuring of our Advantage program, it's the investment we're making in sales, and the investment and change we're making in revenue management. All the things we're doing, which is a long list, right, is really what's driving the benefit. It's not just some lucky, fortunate year-over-year comparison. It's really kind of fundamental, the fundamentals that are getting better for us.
Robert D. Isom: Actually in the fourth quarter we did see yields come up. In the first quarter of this year, we saw yields actually for corporate flattish.
Robert D. Isom: So those are things that we look at on an ongoing basis. And again, some of the things that you will see showing up is the work that we've done with our wide body, our 777 reconfiguration program where we're moving to a standard configuration. So that's on that front. And we think that there's opportunities with the narrow bodies as well. And that is something that you'll see in 2018 and beyond.
Robert D. Isom: So in terms of Basic, that's something that we anticipate for – it will be something that we offer throughout our network.
Robert D. Isom: So for Basic, it's really just the timing of the rollout for us, right? So, we have more markets coming in May and June. These are still, I guess, I would view as kind of test markets, the next two tranches similar to the first tranche. But we're going to end up expanding this broadly across the whole network eventually, right, and pacing item for that is really going to be our training and staffing. But we're committed to roll this out everywhere, and we're quite encouraged by the initial results. Premium Economy is the next thing. And we don't really kind of get to a critical mass of airplanes on our roll-out of Premium Economy probably until we get in first quarter of next year. So we still kind of consider what we're doing right now kind of a test, and we're very focused on this. A lot of it is channel education. We're the first U.S. airline to have this product, and so we need to make sure that all of our distribution, all of our selling channels know what the product is. And we need to make sure we work with our third-party distributors as well to make sure that the product is being appropriately displayed in all the systems, so people will understand what it is and what they're buying. And that's what we're focused on right now for Premium Economy. But, again, it will be critical mass by the first quarter of next year.
Robert D. Isom: No, I just – yeah, the fortunate thing, again, as I said before is I think we've got some catch-up items and a number of things that we can improve on. So the list of items is long and it is something that is part of a plan that we are working through. So as I take a look, right, we have both fleet and network simplification and optimization activities that are going on right now. Some of them have been held up by integration, but the good news is, is that we have more in the hopper coming on both network and fleet. I mentioned to you about Basic Economy. We think that, that has legs throughout our system and it's just in its infancy. We think that Premium Economy will have tremendous benefits for our international network. I mentioned to you about wide-body interior improvements, notably the 777s in terms of finally getting lie-flat and density that's appropriate. I think that as I said, we have narrow-body density opportunities as well to pursue. Don has talked a lot about the RM improvements that have been made and will continue to be made and are being felt in the results that we have today. We are just now getting started on our re-launch of our sales activity and bringing on a full force of sales reps that, quite frankly, has been lacking over the last three years as we focused on other things. We are re-designing our AAdvantage program that we think will bring a considerable benefit as well. And as we've talked in the past, we think that there is a lot of benefit coming with our cobrand card as well. The list is long. And, again, we're just getting started. And a lot of this, fortunately, benefit is going to come to American.
Robert D. Isom: Well, thanks, Andrea. I think – look, we're benefiting from the tremendous amount of work that went in to planning. So we spent months and months prior to launch, prior to announcement, and did extensive training. And fortunately, I think our metered approach is working. And what we're seeing is that by and large, our customers understand the restrictions that are on the Basic Economy fare, and are complying with what our practice is at the gate. And so we're not seeing a lot of difficulty and really no issues to talk about. And I think that that's really evidenced by the kind of results that we're producing from an operational perspective, there hasn't been any impact to reliability, there hasn't been any impact on on-time departures. And I think what you'd hear from our in-flight crew is that they appreciate the benefit that comes with having fewer bags that are being brought on to the aircraft. So overall, I'm really pleased, but we're going to continue to take a measured approach and make sure that we're not surprised.
Robert D. Isom: Well, we'll be ready for it, and I think that's the key, is making sure that we let people – making sure that people are clear on what they're purchasing and certainly making sure that our team is ready to help and assist in any way possible. And at the end of the day, again, given the loads expected and strong demand, we anticipate that this will actually make things a little bit easier on the aircraft because of fewer carry-on bags.
Robert D. Isom: We're not – we're not naming any of those right now. But, again, Dawn, this is – this is something that eventually will be out to the entire network.
Dan J. McKenzie: Right. So look, that is the value that gives us confidence. All you need to do is look at the current gap in revenue per ASM as soon as we close that, you easily get to numbers like $5 billion as a run rate number. So, look, but that's not how we go about coming up with this number. The way we come up with this number is knowing what we do about where the industry is today and where American Airlines is positioned in that industry, both of which we feel good about and both of which feel dramatically different than they've ever been before. And based upon that view, that's what this feel – that's what the company feels like to us. I don't want to portend or pretend that we go and that – those numbers I said to you are the basis of some enormous analysis that's laid out for the next 15 years. It's where we believe this company is today. And look, the facts support it. Since the time of the merger, we have had earnings in that range. This is a worse year than others, and it's still in the range. One of the things I do like to point out to people when they – part of the reason – part of the explanation, at least, I get sometimes, Dan, from investors as to why it is even if you believe what we – why it is that that we are so undervalued relative to other industries. The reason I get is, well, it's because investors are afraid you guys are going to do all the things you've done in the past to eliminate value. And as someone who's been around through all those years, I know what those things are and were, and the things that are rattled off, as you know, you're going to grow faster than – once you start making money, you'll grow faster than demand. Once you start making money, you'll give more to labor than you did when you were making less money, and they'll take some of the upside that should go to shareholders. Fuel prices will go up, and you guys won't be able to react. I would just point out this: In the last three years, all those things have happened. And that is unit revenues of – capacity has grown in excess of demand in the last couple years; and as a result, unit revenues have fallen at rates that we haven't seen in this business since 9/11. Probably more than they've ever fallen over a two-year period at any point in time. So unit revenues have declined because we've added more capacity than there is demand. Employee pay has increased at a rate that no one – that has never been seen before. And so that's happened. Fuel prices, indeed, have increased from where they were a year ago at 20%, 30%. So all that stuff has happened, and yet here we are – and indeed, that has an impact on earnings and the earnings are lower. But while they are – they're lower, they're at the lower end of the range I talked about – actually, not lower end of the range – just lower than target. So I feel really good about that target over time. All those things have happened. All the things people are worried that we would go do indeed have happened. I don't think those are any surprises, by the way. I don't think that's bad management. I think all those things are the right things to do. The reason capacity has grown in excess of supply is because we do have a different business. And when fuel prices fell as much as they did, the economics changed dramatically and more capacity rightfully came in because it was profitable capacity. The wages and benefits of employees in the airline business were a big part of how this – how the industry has survived and those had to be adjusted as the industry got past survival. So look, all of that stuff's happened. All the things that I think people were worried about we've done and we still have a business that is producing returns like it's never seen before. And also, I believe all of those things have gotten to a point where you – where we start to move into an area where you see kind of a more mature industry behave like a mature industry. But look, we will see over time, but I can't stress enough how bullish we are on the future.
Dan J. McKenzie: Yeah, thanks for that. And I guess maybe I didn't ask my question – and maybe I'd have to wait for the Investor Day, but I guess I kind of want...
Dan J. McKenzie: Well, I was just going to say, taking what you rattled off, over the course of the cycle, these initiatives are worth what in terms – X billion dollars, $2 billion, $2.5 billion? If you can just help size it for us or, again, maybe we have to wait for the Investor Day. I'm not sure.
