Robert Isom: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. The summer is well underway, and the American Airlines team is firing on all cylinders. We continue to build on the strong foundation we have laid over the past year and remain focused on reliability, profitability, accountability and strengthening our balance sheet. That focus is showing up in our results. Everything we have said we would do at the start of the year, we have done. Our operation is performing at historically strong levels. And this morning, we reported adjusted pre-tax earnings of approximately $1.8 billion for the second quarter. These earnings were well above the high end of our latest EPS guidance range, marking our fifth consecutive quarterly profit. At the start of the recovery, we told you that returning to profitability hinged on running a reliable airline. American continues to run a strong operation in an evolving environment in which we are very well positioned because of the hard work our team has done in recent years. Our sustained profitability is tied to our leading network rewards program and operation. We have a tremendous network and we operate in a reliable and efficient way, and we reward our customers for using it. Now, let's talk more about our financial results. We produced total revenue of $14.1 billion in the second quarter, the highest quarterly revenue in our company's history. This was driven by broad-based demand across all entities with a particular strength in demand for international travel leading into the summer. Throughout the recovery, we have made structural changes to enhance our customers' travel experiences and position the airline for success. We have simplified and harmonized our fleet to create a more nimble and more flexible network that is focused on our most profitable flying. American strength is our network, which is uniquely positioned to capitalize on the demographic changes in the U.S. More people have moved to the Sunbelt region, which is where some of our largest hubs are located. DFW, Charlotte, Miami and Phoenix are very well positioned now and for the future. Our strong regional network provides service to smaller towns and connect them with our hubs across the country, and our global partnerships are a great complement to our own flying. As a result, we are able to offer customers the most comprehensive network of any U.S. carrier. We continue to adapt our offerings to our customers' evolving preferences. We are taking customers to where they want to go and meeting them where they want to do business. We are servicing more of our customers through our direct channels and driving engagement in our advantage program and credit card portfolio. Our Travel Rewards program is the largest among the U.S. network carriers, and it continues to grow. We are making terrific progress in training our pilots and improving the utilization of both our mainline and regional fleet. Our young fleet and low near-term CapEx requirements enable us to generate free cash flow to reinvest in the business and strengthen our balance sheet. Now turning to the operations. The American Airlines team has delivered strong operational results over the past year, and it continued as we achieved record second quarter completion factor. We operated nearly 0.5 million flights in the quarter with an average load factor of approximately 86%. In the second quarter, we also delivered 11 more combined zero canceled days in the same period of a year ago. The summer peak started strong with our team delivering our record Memorial Day weekend mainline completion factor while operating our largest mainline Memorial Day weekend schedule ever. The momentum has continued into July. We delivered the best Independence Day holiday operation in our history, with traffic levels we haven't seen since July of 2019. At American, we're focused on taking care of what we can control. Our purposeful approach to planning, along with our investments in our team, fleet and technology has set us up for success during the busy summer travel season and beyond. And now I'll hand it over to Devon who will share more about our second quarter results and the outlook for the remainder of the year.
Robert Isom: Thanks, Devon. The American Airlines team is delivering on our commitments. We're on track to deliver on the full year guidance we provided back in January, driving earnings growth, record free cash flow, meaningful debt reduction and importantly, a strong and reliable operation. We are executing on that plan. We are reliable, profitable and making tremendous progress strengthening our balance sheet and I know that our team will continue to deliver. We're excited to share more about our long-term strategy at an Investor Day later this year on our Fort Worth campus. We look forward to updating you on the business and sharing more about our longer-term strategic priorities at that time. We're incredibly excited about the future of American and can't wait to tell you more.  Operator, please open the line for analyst questions.
Robert Isom: Hi Scott. Again, I'll tack on to both Vasu's comments and Devon's as well. We're looking at our results over the course of the year. The recovery, as we've seen it has been not exactly smooth on a quarter-to-quarter comparison basis. As we take a look at the year, you can depend on us to produce those results. We're really proud of those. And it's indicated by us, again, moving our EPS guide up as we did this morning.
Robert Isom: Hi Helane, thanks for the question. Look, in terms of how we actually are able to deliver to our products, that's going to be something that we have to work on with them, and we're in discussions with APA -- right now, as a matter of fact. What I said this morning is something I'm really proud of and that we're committed to. Look, we're going to match the wages that United is proposing. We've got to sit down with to figure out whether or not that is something that they can fit into their the TA that can still be voted on a timely basis or if it's something that's going to take more time to figure out. But we're committed to matching those wages.
Robert Isom: Well, Helane, thanks for bringing it up. We're really proud of the work that we've done over the last year. It's just a tremendous and relentless focus. It's led by David Seymour, our Chief Operating Officer. And every day, our team is out there, including today, in this ridiculous heat and weather, they're just performing. We've done everything from training to adding new knowledge. And when things go awry, we have been really quick to make sure that we have the tools necessary to put things back in place, whether that be aircraft or our crews. And that's going to continue. I anticipate that we're going to get better and better. Of course, that translates into likelihood to recommend scores and Net Promoter Scores that are the best that we have ever seen. And I have great confidence that, that is something that will continue to play out. That relationship between reliability and what customers really want is super evident.
Robert Isom: Thanks, Duane. Just a couple of things. Look, I think as you take a look at the industry and especially our needs at American, we're going to need larger narrow-bodies in a number of places. It just fits with how our hub structure works and all the kind of things that Vasu wants to do. I would add to that, though, that probably our biggest and most interesting opportunity right away. It's getting our regional fleet fully back up in the air. And the those aircraft only further our commercial proposition by adding more small markets to what is a great hub and spoke system already. So as we take a look out into the future, you'll see us make sure that we protect ourselves and that we are able to not only replace an upgauge from a narrow body perspective but also have an eye to be able to grow at a rate appropriate for demand levels.
Robert Isom: Thanks for asking them. Look, and for us, so much of our trans-Atlantic and I'll just speak to the European content at this point, not other things that sometimes get lumped into reporting such as Middle East or India. But for us, a lot of our concentration is, first and foremost, in London, probably much more so than what other airlines are. And that which is in Southern Europe is really heavily season style flying or as we call it large areas the large capital market things like Rome and Athens, Barcelona and Madrid. So we've done a lot over the last several years to actually further to Devon's earlier point, to really restructure our international network. We used to fly a lot of really marginal flights to really marginal markets, and they work for three months of the year and we had nothing to do with the airplane for the other nine months of the year. So we've used the last three years to go and rebuild the foundation, bottom 5% of our capacity is gone fleet that goes with it is gone and the losses that we took from it are gone. And so now what we're building back to Devon's point, of just moderate growth is adding things that really make sense and are a good use of full year aircraft capital.
Robert Isom: Thanks, Andrew. Right now, it's -- we're in the planning stages. But what I'd tell you is that based on the kind of fleet that we have, we would have anticipated mid-single-digit growth for next year. Now, there's a lot of dependencies on that. So first off, we have to be able to get our regional fleet back up fully, and that requires pilots. We've -- to be able to achieve that kind of level of flying we would have to also get a little bit more out of the aircraft we have in terms of utilization as a whole. And the final thing is we're dependent on the airframe manufacturers to actually deliver. They're getting better. Their track record hasn't been great. So we'll see how that shakes out. And if it all comes to fruition, that's probably a pretty good guess at this point.
Robert Isom: Yes, Mike. A lot of that is TBD right now. And in fact, Priya Aiyar is here our General Counsel. We're still in a process of determining how to wind down the NEA most notably how we transfer back all of the slots to American Airlines as soon as we can.
Robert Isom: So, hi Ali, and I have David Seymour here to help me. Look, the heat that we're facing this year in the country, I mean, these are records, and it is something that impacts certainly, the aircraft, any machinery, they're more like they're great and run harder and longer. And it's also really hard on our people. Fortunately, we have great experience in dealing with hot weather hubs, places like Phoenix in Miami and even DFW and Charlotte as well. So we're employing all those practices that we put in place. We're just having to use them more often and longer throughout the year. I'll give just a couple of examples of things that we've done on a precautionary basis just because of the trends that we've seen. We put a heck of lot more work into making sure that we're prepared for the summer on things like conditioned air at our jet bridges. So as soon as an aircraft pulls up to a gate, we want to make sure that we can get air to those aircraft to keep them as cool as possible. Our APUs, those little engines that are able to power all the systems when the big engines are off. Those are things that are prone to break during times like right now, but we're seeing really good results because of the preventative work that our maintenance team has done. And you'll see us as well, whether it's making sure that we only board when aircraft are have air conditioning that is appropriate or out on the ramp with our team members, making sure that they get a break from the sun and the heat that there are things like ice carts and electrolyte drinks available to our team members, we're really taking this seriously, and we're going to have to as we go forward.
Robert Isom: I'll handle the first one, Leslie, and Vasu can handle the second one. Just, look, again, in regard to your question, we're working with the APA and our pilots -- our intent is to match the wages that we're aware of in the tentative agreement that United has signed.
Robert Isom: David, thanks for the question. Look, over time, we're going to run a profitable business. So we have to offer a really compelling product offering to our customers. We're going to try to find ways to make sure that we can do that in a way that customers will benefit and ultimately, it will take more revenue to pay for higher cost going to do everything that we can to be as efficient as possible take care of our team members, but also offer a very compelling and worthwhile product to our customers.
Robert Isom: We're really proud of our incredible network that we're flying reliably, and we've got an industry-leading rewards program. We're going to tap into those and make sure that customers are really able to benefit from everything that we can do on that front. 
Robert Isom: Hey Atif, thanks so much. And I'll just close out this way. Look, you can continue to hold us accountable for relentless focus on reliability, profitability and strengthening our balance sheet. And I'll just point to the second quarter results. In terms of reliability, no one has been better than American Airlines over the last year. In terms of profitability, this second quarter beat of all analyst expectations is just proof that our commercial offerings are really registering with our customers. You run reliably, you produce profits, you can strengthen your balance sheet. This 2-notch upgrade from Fitch today is, again, indicative that we're doing the right things, and we would anticipate further strengthening on that front. All of it together, this outstanding second quarter for us is proof positive that our efforts are working. We're going to get back at it. Thank you very much.
Vasu Raja: Hi Jamie. Good morning, and thanks for the question. First, I would say that we don't anticipate it being a margin drag. And for full clarity, it's unfortunate the NEA is terminated. Our commitment to the customers in the Northeast and New York specific hasn't changed. However, the circumstances that gave rise to the NEA have changed. At one point in time, we struggled with really two major things. One, our slot holding didn't match with the demand on that is the majority of demand in New York was for short-haul day trip business market. Our slot portfolio is better matched Mid-Continental, Transcontinental and Transatlantic market. Well, that's changed. Short-haul business demand hasn't recovered to its historical level, but those other markets are much greater. And so that's a material change from before. But also our expense base, especially in New York Kennedy has changed. Through co-locating partners and any number of fleet changes, our employment expenses and JFK are materially advantaged to what any other carrier is in New York. So, what that means for us is that is unfortunate that customers don't get the experience of having a much broader network than what was there before. It was a practical matter for American Airlines. We very much expect preserve the continued margin trajectory that we've been on. And as we go forward, we'll certainly share more, but it's very much our plan and our intention that we continue to go see more New York City originating customers flying with us. And so far, since the NEA has been announced, we've seen that. NEA enrollments in the Advantage program continue to rise. Credit card acquisitions continue to rise, spending continues to rise. So though this chapter is closed, another one might open, but we don't expect any material change to our financial outlook.
Vasu Raja: Sure thing. This is Vasu. First, look, I'll say at large. We continue to remain encouraged by the overall level of demand we see, especially in domestic and short haul. If you look at air travel spend as a percentage of GDP, certainly retained its relationship revenue, even domestic revenue as a percentage of GDP continue to regain their former relationship to demand.  But for us, it's really important to note is this recovery is continuing to unfold. And as we look out there in domestic, a lot of the sequential change that you see is really due to some pretty unique things. About a point of the 2Q to 3Q changes just due to calendar shift. And another point is due to our operational outperformance in the second quarter. Everything else is really a return to normal seasonality. As far as a deceleration of demand or things like that, we don't yet see it now. And in fact, when you look at it for us, like versus 2019 or some base where you lose just the strange comparisons to how recoveries have unfolded. For us, as we get into the fall, and we will be flying an airline has a date in the 2019 airline but producing short-haul RASMs that are 15% to 20% higher. There's still -- we're still in a world where demand is very strong. The year-over-year comps are a little bit strange, owing more to just the vagaries of the recovery than anything underlying the business.
Vasu Raja: Hi. This is Vasu and thanks for the question. And you're exactly right. It's less of a novelty now. This is just part of our base, how the business runs for several quarters now. We've seen a mix of 35% leisure style travel, 35% blended style travel, 30% stuff. And furthermore, within the 30% business, there's roughly a 2:1 split between unmanaged travel and managed travel that's there. That's been pretty consistent for several quarters now. It looks to be pretty consistent going into the future. Certainly, that's what our forward book says. So, that's why no commentary. This is actually how the business operates now.
Vasu Raja: Look, we've seen corporate -- first of all, I'll clarify this. When we talk about business, we talk about people on business style trips. And within that, there's two groups, there's individuals and companies that fly and they don't manage or buy their travel centrally, and then there's large corporations that tend to man it by their travel centrally. We've seen that those customers who were managed, they buy their travel centrally has -- it's recovered to 80% of historical levels. And that's been pretty much plateaued for several quarters now. However, unmanaged demand continues to grow in our system. And indeed, total business revenues have really regained their 2019 composition in the system. So we remain encouraged on business demand. Should things change, we're prepared to go and adjust accordingly. But no forward change to outlook is any different than the stuff we've been experiencing.
Vasu Raja: Hi, thank you. And look, we actually view the competitive landscape very favorably. Our network proposition to our customers is creating more origin and destination markets and more unique origin and destination markets than any other airline network. And we have done that really well. We continue to do that really well. That's really been the financial progress that that we've seen. And to Robert's comments with roughly 70% of the airline network is located in the Sunbelt in our Latin America network and London Heathrow are in places where we really deliver a lot of outsized value for customers. And there, while we do see competitors come in, we remain encouraged. Take any number of those markets in our short-haul Latin American markets. We've seen something like 20%, 25% industry capacity growth, but the trends are favorable enough where this fall and winter will fly our largest schedule there, not because we're out to chase market share, but because of the marginal performance of those rates.
Vasu Raja: Yes. Thanks for the question, Brandon. Look, there were really two issues that we had in New York. One was the amount of connectivity support that we had for our long-haul and the other was just the huge expenses we had operating out of New York Kennedy. As I mentioned earlier, we've done a lot of things to go and reduce our expense base to where, it's not just more in line with our other low-cost hubs that's materially lower than what any other operator has in New York City. But also -- and this is meaningful to it. Look, the NEA was a great outcome for customers who got to go and experience our product who weren't there before. But actually, when you look at those international flights, roughly, as things have settled out and markets recover, roughly 35 to 40 points of the load factor that's on them is actually being generated by our international partners. Our partnership within the NEA was actually a very small amount of the onboard load factor that's there. That's why when we couple both the expense reduction that's there and some changes that we can make ourselves, we believe that we can go and really replace a lot of the demand, especially now that we've got such a larger New York City originating customer base than what we had before.
Vasu Raja: Hi. Thanks Mike. It's an excellent question. I was wondering when it might be asked. Look, first of all, all of our selling and distribution changes are done with a really simple lens, really which Robert talked about in his opening remarks. We want to make it as easy as possible for our best customers to be able to shop by and self-service their experience with American Airlines. And everything has been oriented around that. It has indeed been very eye-opening and has performed probably above what our expectations are. The simplest way to it is like this. If you take all of our customers, the actual human, you can divide them into two groups, those who are not members of the AAdvantage program and those who are members of the AAdvantage program. In the quarter, for those customers who are not numbers of the AAdvantage program, indeed, their total travel bell 5%, but revenue from that cohort grew by 5%. Amongst the customers who are advantaged customers, we actually grew their transactions by 8% and their revenues by 13%. That is certainly above what we had expected, but also what we're really encouraged by our three things: first, for every -- there's a high level of attachment for all of our Advantage customers. For every dollar of flight revenue they bring in, they bring in about $0.10 of other revenue primarily on a branded credit card. Two, the cost of sale is materially lower amongst our advantage customers. It's not just that we're paying less in booking fees and commissions and things like that. But what we've found is something like 25% to 30% of our calls to reservations are actually bookings at a travel agency originated and is, for some reason, unable to go in service. So there's a lot of implicit savings that we see from it. And last and maybe most importantly, we're encouraged by what we see is really the durability of these customers' demand. These are customers who tend to use our network where it's most unique. They fly more times in a year. They already have bookings out into the fall. They tend to sell themselves up. And importantly, they prefer coming to us direct. So we're currently in taking roughly 70% to 75% of our revenues going through our direct channels. We anticipate that will grow. We're encouraged by this, and we're actually going to continue to accelerate the changes. By the end of the year, 100% of what we sell, customers will be able to service online through our app or our dot-com. We'll roll out those features also over time for new distribution technology. But as this happens, we'll make increasingly less and less of our fare content available through traditional technology where customers aren't able to get that quality experience that they're looking for from us.
Vasu Raja: So I'll handle the -- I can handle both. First off, in regard to anything that relates to slots or gates or routes or things like that. Look, we're going to figure that out over time. So I'll leave it at that. And then in regard to our pilots, as I mentioned, we're sitting down with our pilots. We have a real interest in making sure that they're taking care of. That's been how we viewed all discussions. And so, we'll see how that goes. My hope is that we can get something done pretty quickly. And no matter what, over the long run, we're going to make sure that our pilots are taking care of.
Vasu Raja: Yes. And Leslie, we do -- we've noted it all through the recovery, but we've continued to see strength in premium cabin style fares. Our total premium seats across the system are up about 5% year-over-year. Our total premium revenues were up about 15% year-over-year. And notably, it's pretty consistent across all of our markets in London, for example. We've grown our premium seats about 20% or so. Our premium revenues are up over 25%. And that's at a time when so much of the industry is adding back into London. But we are encouraged, and we're uniquely encouraged by the trajectory that we're on different from others. For the first time in our history, our unit revenue performance in Trans-Atlantic will outperform any of our joint venture partners, both for the quarter and for the full year. So we do see that strength. It's complemented by our distribution strategies, and we see more opportunity ahead.
Devon May: Yes. So on the cash flow, it does include the retro pay that was part of our or that is part of our tentative agreement that we have with the pilot today. As we talked about last quarter, what we have for an accrual is, we are accruing wages that were agreed to in May as part of the agreement in principle starting on May 1, and we expect the agreement -- or hope the agreement will ratify here in August, at which time, we'll go to the new rates and the benefits associated with that tentative agreement.
Devon May: No, I think same points. We started the year and set our objectives for the capacity we're going to produce, the unit costs we're going to produce it at and our earnings levels. We're really happy with what we've accomplished in the first half of the year. The guide we have in place did increase our full year EPS to [$3 to $3.75], and we feel really good about upping that number.
Devon May: Hi Brandon. Yes, so the comment was we think we'll have somewhere around $3.5 billion on average of aircraft capital beyond 2024 and probably for a good part of the decade. And where we are different than our competitors is we don't have any fleet replacement needs between now and the end of the decade. So when we are investing in an aircraft that is an investment to grow the network and to grow the airline. What you're seeing from some of our other competitors who just have older airplanes, there's a lot of fleet replacement CapEx required for them. And again, for us, it is just growth aircraft requirements.
Devon May: Yes. So right now, what's included in our guide is Pay rates from May 1 through the end of July. And then starting in August, we hope to have ratification of the tentative agreement. And at that point, we'll have pay rates and all the benefits that go along with it, including the higher profit sharing.
Devon May: Yes. We're working through the numbers right now. Obviously, the wages are close, but a couple of percent higher than what we have in our tenant agreement. And we're trying to get more detail on other items that we think might be material. But what we have with our attentive agreement is really significant improvements for our pilots. And as Robert mentioned earlier, the wages is some we're focused on right now to see if we can work with the APA to get some done where we match what United or for.
