Brian Cornell: Thanks, Cathy. Before we open up for questions, I want to pause and recap our position as we enter the final quarter of the year. Year-to-date, comp sales have been about flat, and we believe it's prudent to plan for a similar trend in the fourth quarter. That said, we're very excited about our plans for the holiday season, and our team is focused on outperforming our plans, gaining market share and delivering positive comp sales across our businesses, not just in signature categories.  On the adjusted EPS line, we have grown more than 10% so far this year. And based on our fourth quarter expectations, our updated range for full year adjusted EPS overlaps with the original guidance range we provided last March, reflecting the team's strong execution in the face of challenging sales trends.  Signature categories sales continue to far outpace the company average, and we continue to gain market share in these categories. And because our digital growth continues to outpace the industry average, we continue to gain share in the digital channel as well.  So while we continue to adjust our near-term tactics to better maintain the balance on both sides of our Expect More. Pay Less. brand promise, we believe we have the right long-term strategic plan to sustain Target's performance over time.  I look forward to covering both our fourth quarter results and our longer-term strategic and financial plans at our Financial Community Meeting, which we'll be hosting in New York on February 28. We'll be providing more details on timing and location soon. But in the meantime, please mark your calendars for that date.  With that, we'll conclude today's prepared remarks. Now Cathy, Mark, John and I will be happy to respond to your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Bob, as we think about the holiday season, we expect it to be a very competitive, promotional environment, like we've seen over the last couple of years. So we've -- I think we've got great plans in place. We're very excited about the merchandising, the marketing and promotional plans, and we think we're going to be very competitive throughout the season. As it pertains to Toys, again, we've had a multiyear positive run in that category, and one of the things that's really been important for us is working with key partners like Disney, Mattel, Hasbro to make sure we bring new exclusive items to our assortment. As we go into the holiday season, we're excited to have 1,800 exclusive items in that category, and we think these are going to be very important to our guests throughout the holiday season. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Bob, as we think about our strategy and our approach, while we're certainly very pleased with the progress we saw in the third quarter, it's a result of being very focused on the strategy we've had in place for almost 2.5 years now. And our results and the improvement we saw in the third quarter is really driven by, one, our focus on those signature categories, our commitment to Apparel and Home, baby and Kids, where we continue to see very strong growth and market share improvement. We've been very committed to improving our digital engagement, and year-to-date, we're up over 20%. We saw a 26% growth in the third quarter. And the investments we've been making to improve functionality and ease online is certainly connecting with our guests. We've been very focused, as we've talked about, in expanding our format into new urban neighborhoods. And every time we open up a new store, whether it's in New York, TriBeCa or Philadelphia, we're seeing a great response from our guests. And we've been on a journey, over the last couple of years, to drive greater efficiency throughout our organization. And with John's leadership, we continue to see very strong improvement in operational efficiencies and costs that we're returning to the bottom line. So our focus over the third quarter is very similar to the journey we've been on for the last couple of years, and we've just intensified our focus on executing against our key strategic plan -- planks. 
Brian Cornell: Scott, as we think about the next several years, you're going to continue to see us make significant investments in our assets, improve the in-store experience. We're already seeing the benefits of the investments we've made in Apparel and Home. We're very pleased with some of the learnings from LA25 that we'll be transitioning into our new remodels as we go forward. So we think the importance of the in-store experience, great customer service, continuing to bring newness to our assortment, elevating and developing our own brands -- I think one of the big highlights for Target in 2016 is the way our guest has reacted to 2 great new brands. Both Pillowfort and Cat & Jack have been incredibly well received. The style, the quality, the value we're delivering is connecting with our guest. So the combination of great in-store experience, making sure we surround our guest with great customer service, whether they're shopping in our store or they've ordered online and they're coming in to pick up that order, and then delivering great Target brands at a value. So we think that combination is the strategy that drives traffic into our stores, cars into our parking lot and even more engagement online. 
Brian Cornell: Well, Scott, I will start with scripts matter a lot to us, and key to the partnership with CVS is making sure we're working together to drive scripts. Because back to the importance of traffic, scripts will be an important part of driving traffic to our stores, and we were very pleased in the third quarter with the progress we're seeing. We're seeing much greater awareness now that we've completed the new branding. The combination of our in-store marketing and CVS marketing and their PBM is driving increased traffic to the pharmacies. So that is a very important lever going forward, and we're very confident in our partnership. John Mulligan works very closely with the CVS team. We've got great plans in place for the fourth quarter and even stronger plans as we go into 2017. So that is a very, very important part of the traffic equation, and we think, over time, that's going to be a key driver of traffic into our stores. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Greg, let me start on the Grocery side. And clearly, we have more work to do there, but we feel like we're making very good progress, changes we've made to assortments, improvements we've made to the quality of our produce items. And we're certainly pleased with the reaction we're seeing as we enhance the experience in our LA25 stores. That being the case, we've got to continue to make sure we build a greater connection with our guest as it pertains to the convenient food offering we provide. And Mark and I are working closely on the next phase of our Grocery evolution to make sure that we continue to provide the right assortment, the right value, the right quality our guest expects from Target while they're shopping our stores. So you'll see a lot more of that when we get together in February, but we recognize that's an area that we've got to continue to drive progress in. From a loyalty standpoint, we are working very closely with the marketing team to ensure that when we get together with you in February, we'll be able to talk about the next iteration of our personalization and loyalty programs. Key to that, Greg, is bringing together some of the great assets we already have in place, leveraging our REDcard, leveraging Cartwheel, which continues to see great response from the guest, and making it easy for the guest to leverage the existing loyalty assets we have in place. So we think that's a key unlock as we go into 2017 and beyond, and that'll be a key topic of the conversation when we see you in February. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Brandon, we're very focused on our own opportunity. Again, we're in 30 locations today. We think we have the opportunity to enter many, many new neighborhoods, and we're really focused on making sure we build the back-end capabilities in supply chain, in assortment management, the in-store operating capabilities that it takes to run these smaller stores. But we think the unique opportunity we have is bringing the best of Target to these individual neighborhoods, making sure that we custom tailor assortment, we bring the right assortment of Apparel and Home, baby and Kids that's right for that neighborhood, complement it with convenient foods and household essentials that really make that local Target run impactful for the guests. So we're still learning. We're very pleased with the feedback, but as we enter very competitive markets like New York, we're going to learn a lot from TriBeCa. We'll take that to other locations. As we do more and more business adjacent to college campuses, we'll understand more and more about the needs of the college student, but we really think, right now, we've got a unique opportunity to leverage this new footprint as a future growth element in our strategy, and the guest continues to say thank you every time we enter a new neighborhood. 
Brian Cornell: Matt, I'd start with we feel really good about the way Mark and his team have managed gross margin throughout the quarter, but it's really a byproduct of the strength we continue to see in those important signature categories. And both in-store but, importantly, online, our growth has been led by Apparel and Home, great strength in baby and Kids, those important high-margin categories that drive differentiation for our brand. So the benefits that we're seeing in gross margin are a byproduct of the strategy we've had in place and really making sure that we're building market share, we're bringing great style and design and newness to those signature categories, and the payback has been margin expansion while we continue to invest in value and getting back to rebalancing our brand promise. We're bringing tremendous product to the Expect More side. And now we've rebalanced our value message on the Pay Less side. So we were able to invest in value throughout the third quarter and still see gross margin range expansion. So we feel really good about the balance we're bringing there and think that can be sustained over time. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Again, John, it comes back to the mix of our business and the strength we're seeing, particularly in categories like Home, the strength we're seeing in Apparel and accessories, some of the strength we're seeing in baby and Kids. So those are important categories, obviously, in many cases, higher ticket -- still a great value for our guest but higher ticket. And obviously, offset by some weakness we've seen in the Grocery category. So the mix is clearly impacting those metrics you're seeing, and we feel very good about the way the guest has reacted to the quality, the style and the value we're offering in those signature categories. 
Brian Cornell: Absolutely. And again, as we noted in our earlier comments, while, overall, we saw our digital business grow by 26%, the bulk of that business, the high-growth areas were in Apparel and Home, so again, higher-ticket items. We feel really good about the progress we're making from a digital mix standpoint, and that's also coming through in the metrics you're seeing. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Chris, backing up, and I know there are a number of embedded questions there. One, there was some shift because of the promotion between Q2 and Q3. I'd really focus on the year-to-date number. Year-to-date, from a digital standpoint, we've been growing at 20%. As we talked about earlier in the call, we're very pleased with the reaction we're seeing during key event periods, Back-to-College, Back-to-School, a very important period for us both in-store and online. And we think the combination of the investments we've made to improve ease, functionality of our digital engagement and the fact that we're certainly showing the ability to win during key holiday and thematic periods, that's the right balance for us going forward. So we think digital is going to be an important part of our growth strategy going forward. We think digital is certainly the way our guest interfaces with the brand, whether they're in store or online. And we're very pleased with the progress we're making, and our overall growth rate is approximately 2x the digital industry. So we're building market share. We're winning during key seasons, and we certainly expect that to be a key driver to our fourth quarter success. 
Brian Cornell: Dan, it's a great question. And obviously, we feel really good about the support we received during Back-to-College and Back-to-School. In those off-holiday periods, we've got to make sure we've got the right balance between newness and those important style categories and great value in our household essentials and Food. And Mark and his team have spent a tremendous amount of time reshaping our promotional strategies, making sure that, both in our circular but also in-store, it's really clear to our guests that we've got this great combination of newness and style and the value our guest deserves and is looking for in those key household essential areas. So we've done a lot of work in-store. I think with Mark's leadership, we're clarifying value on our end caps, clear assortment that connects with the guest in those off-holiday periods. So I feel really good about the progress. You'll see more of that as we go into the fourth quarter. But why don't I let Mark talk about some of the work that he's been leading as we think about really ensuring that value message is very clear to our guests when they're walking our stores each week. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. So let me start with E&E. And as I've mentioned in my earlier comments, we feel really good about our plans for the fourth quarter. And obviously, Entertainment, Electronics and Toys are critically important gifting items for the fourth quarter. So again, I think the work that Mark and his team have done to make sure, working with our vendor partners, we have a combination of new items, exclusive items, items that are on trend. We've seen a great reaction to our toy and gifting catalog, and we think like that we're very well positioned for the fourth quarter. Those categories did trend downward in Q3. But the important part of the year is in front of us, and I think we're very well positioned. And from a script standpoint, we are still rebuilding some momentum in that space. But sequentially, we've seen improvement from Q1 to Q2 and Q3, and we recognize that with time, as the branding's in place, as our in-store marketing and the CVS marketing take shape, we're going to be rebuilding and growing scripts in that very important part of our store. 
Brian Cornell: Oliver, a great way to wrap up the call. From a fill-in and stock-up standpoint, again, the work that Mark just talked about on the value side is clearly addressing the fill-in guest, and I feel very good about the progress we've made and will continue to make in that space. I think to the broader question, it's a terrific way for us to wrap up before we all get together in New York City. We continue to feel very good about the strategy we have in place and how that will allow us to be very competitive and continue to win in the current retail environment. We think the investments we're making in our stores are critically important, and that store experience that we continue to elevate is a very important measure for our guests. We've learned, as I hope you have, guests still like physical stores, and year-to-date, still almost 90% of all retail shopping is taking place in a physical store. So we've got to make sure we've got a great experience, we've got great service, we continue to elevate that experience and service and combine it with outstanding merchandise and value every time our guests shop. We think our strategy of moving into new neighborhoods, whether it's these densely populated urban centers or on college campuses, is a critical growth vehicle. And again, the reaction we've seen every time we open up a store in Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago and certainly in New York tells us our guests love the convenience of having Target right there in their neighborhood. But we're also continuing to make investments online, and we want to make sure we continue to give our guests the choice of shopping any way they want, the ease of shopping online and picking up in our store, which we think is going to be a very important factor during the fourth quarter, but building out those capabilities, leveraging our stores as flexible fulfillment centers. As we go into this holiday season, well over 1,000 locations will be locations that not only you can shop in and pick up, but we're using to deliver the last mile. We think that's a huge competitive advantage. So we feel very good about the strategy we have in place. We think it's a strategy that will win not only in the short term but over the long term, and we look forward to seeing all of you in New York in February.  So with that, operator, we're going to wrap up our third quarter call. I appreciate everyone participating, and we look forward to seeing you in New York in February. 
