Gregg Steinhafel: We're very pleased with our first quarter 2012 financial performance, confident in our strategy, and we're planning our business appropriately for the second quarter and beyond. That concludes today's prepared remarks. Now Kathy, John and I will be happy to respond to your questions. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes, I would just add that over the long term we really don't know -- we're -- how high, high is. We continue to be excited about the performance in Kansas City in the chain, and we believe that there is still a long runway with the growth of this penetration over time. We're going to continue to invest in it. And clearly, guests, really, the ones that get it, love it. And our challenge is continue to get more guests to understand the immediate and powerful benefits that both of these cards provide for them. 
Gregg Steinhafel: I'll take the first one on the inventory. Our inventory remains in great shape. We have a large base inventory that we can sell into, so we don't believe there's any real -- or any meaningful limitations in our ability to perform in second quarter or even exceed the sales plan that we've laid out for you today. 
Gregg Steinhafel: We now have 10 owned brands or signature national brands that are -- that do over $1 billion in retail. We continue to invest in our owned brands. We treat them as national brands. We position them as such. And they're a key part of our strategy. So we're -- you're going to see us continue to focus on these very important parts of our merchandising strategy, including, as Kathy mentioned, the relabeling or the rebranding of our Home brand into Threshold later this fall and as we transition into spring and summer of 2013. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, as we said in the -- the strong early weather was certainly a portion, but overall, I would just tell you that Target's on its game. We're delivering great value, great overall experience. Our merchandising content is fantastic, it's colorful and bright season. Our stores are delivering great service. We're just doing a lot of things very well in our stores right now, and I think the benefit of that is continued market share gains across all categories and guests that really love the shopping experience at Target. And that's really what we delivered in the first quarter, and that's why I think the traffic levels were up in that 2% range. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes, well, that's one of the things we think is really exciting about the credit and debit products, is the fact that, whether you're a convenience user, you're least engaged, you're visiting us only seasonally or you're one of our VIPs, this card is meaningful -- these cards are meaningful for you, and you're moving up the value chain. So people that are coming very often but spending very little, they love this card. Our best guests, they love these cards -- these products too. So it's exciting that virtually all of our guest demographics understand and realize the power and the value and the benefits of our credit and debit REDcard Rewards program and visit us more often and spend more on the card. So it's really sticky, and it's got -- it's a great loyalty program. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, nobody really knows. I think we're all sitting around, trying to figure out how much business was pulled forward, how many weeks did that go post Easter and when we're going to see a more normalized time frame. And I think we're basically there now. I think there's -- I think there were a couple of weeks maybe that bled into May a little bit. But right now, I think that it's safe to assume that the -- that any weather-related factors are essentially behind us. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, you're right. We do believe that's a whitespace opportunity for us. And we've done a lot of research, a lot of different kinds of research, and there's no one aspect that leads to any one conclusion. We continue to listen and learn and get close to the Canadian consumer. Many of them are very familiar with the brand, either shop in our stores or they are current REDcard product holders, so there's a high familiarity of the Target brand. And they're looking for the Target experience. They really want the full-blown Target brand experience as we come to get Canada. So that, first and foremost, is our -- our priority is to deliver a great Target experience across all categories, great service, great team engagement. And then because there is -- what we believe is some whitespace in Apparel and Home, we're going to go after those businesses, and we'll look to over-index and over -- or invest a little bit more heavily in the space and some of the physical assets so that we can take advantage of what we believe is going to be a great opportunity for us to deliver our Expect More. Pay Less. strategy in those categories. So we would agree with you on that. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Looking back on Canada at this point in time, we don't see anything that we would do differently. I mean, the -- it's really the Canadian consumer that's going to benefit by our entry. We're -- we hope to become their favorite store as we enter into that. But clearly, all of the Canadian competitors are anticipating our arrival, as well as the Canadian consumers, and so they are improving their value proposition, they're investing in their asset base, they're improving their experience. And ultimately, that is just going to better serve the Canadian market. We hope to launch very successfully and wow them with our content, value proposition, speed of service and all the wonderful things that we do, Target here in the U.S. We look to do that in Canada as well. And ultimately, the Canadians are going to have a far-superior shopping experience across all channels due to our entry. But there really isn't anything that we look back in hindsight and say, "Hey, we would do anything different," at this point in time. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Thank you. That concludes Target's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you all for your participation. 
John Mulligan: So first on penetration. Ultimately, where do we expect penetration to go this year? I think you're probably in the right range for the company by Q4, not on average for the year, obviously, but probably in November and then obviously in December, it comes down a little bit with the sales surge. But in November, that's probably about the right range. And in Kansas City, you're right. We continue to see fantastic performance, penetration growing 300 basis points a year. And the lift there, just like it is in the rest of the country, continues to be in excess of 50% for both credit and the debit product. The only comment I'd make is -- other comment I'd make is the lift in penetration now, driven about 2:1 by debit rather than credit, and that's a reversal from what we saw about a year ago at this time. 
John Mulligan: Yes, Deb. I think, first of all, expense has been, like Gregg mentioned, a big part of our performance over the past several years and again this quarter, led by the stores, significant productivity increases in the stores as they continue to deliver great guest experience. I think, on top of that, we saw great expense performance really across the entire company, very disciplined expense growth in all aspects of our business. And the final comment I'd make is, when we see sales surge like this, our variable expenses grow a little bit, don't ramp up as quickly as we see sales ramp up, so we get some benefit from that. You see that on the downside too when sales decelerate quickly. It takes us a little while to get our variable expenses back in line. But overall, really great expense control in the quarter. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think, in Q1, I would tell you that more than all of the rate declines, as we said in the comments, came from 5% Rewards and PFresh. And we saw a significant improvement in mix, as Kathy just spoke about, and a little bit of rate good news across all the categories rounded out the balance of that. I think, as we look forward, we would expect to see similar declines driven by both 5% Rewards and PFresh through Q2, Q3 and the year and perhaps a little bit of good news across the categories. We don't plan for mix improvement. That was kind of a bonus this quarter with the good apparel mix. But we'll see some rate improvement across the categories as we go forward, as well. 
John Mulligan: Sure. I think, on delinquencies, a lot of what you saw here in Q1 was really seasonal. I think that's been hard to deduce over the past several years as we kind of climbed up and then have come down. But a lot of that improvement is seasonal. Having said that, it was still a little bit better than we would've expected going into the year. I think our expectations are we'll continue to see year-over-year improvement in delinquencies as we go forward here through Q2 and then probably leveling off. Q2 last year was when we really started coming back. The delinquencies in our bad debt expense versus write-offs started to level off. So you'll see that level off getting into Q3 and Q4. I think, on the reserve, right now, we're at about 6.6% of assets, and that's about the range, 6.5%, that we'd intend to stay at for the year. I think if you look at our -- the reserve release in Q1, $35 million, 80% of that was really tied to volume of the asset base coming down, the last 20%, the last $7 million or $8 million, tied to delinquencies. So a little bit of good room in reserve if delinquencies continue, but I don't think anything significant. 
John Mulligan: Greg, that's hard to say. We don't forecast at that level of specificity, traffic versus ticket. What I would tell you -- as you know, if you step back and look at what we talked about at the beginning of the year, we said -- or 90 days ago, we said 3% or a little bit more and 4% for the quarter. Obviously, Q1 was faster than that, but given that we had a 4% in Q1, the other 3 quarters were bound to be lower, given what our thought was on the year. And that's really what you see here. So I think the 3% for our quarter is -- for Q2 is right on our thinking when we went into the year. 
John Mulligan: Yes, it's possible, but that would be a relatively small impact relative to what's -- all the other variables that are driving our sales at any given time. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think what we're seeing now -- well, first, I -- debit has started to grow significantly faster. And as that has happened, we've seen both debit and credit are within noise of each other, above 50% lifts. So both of them above 50%, and the average is right around there as well. 
John Mulligan: Yes, we see that year one lift increase in total spend, and then they stay at that level of purchasing with us. They stay a very, very engaged guest. And I think that's kind of the point here, is we take a guest, and as Gregg mentioned, regardless of where they were prior to getting a REDcard, we get a sales lift on average of 50%, and they become just a much, much more engaged guest, more trips. And all of that remains in year 2. Obviously, we're just starting to get in here in year 3, but we see similar behavior there as well. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think that's right, although we still have a very large reserve release of $85 million last year in Q2 and somewhere around $50 million -- $40 million to $50 million, in Q3, so still very large things to annualize against. But your trend is right. The year-over-year performance will improve as we go through the year. 
John Mulligan: Perhaps. We ran a little bit stronger than that early in the quarter. It's really hard to say. It's hard to parse those things apart. I think, like I said, when we go back to what we were thinking 90 days ago, we thought we'd run a 4. We ran a 5, so clearly, business was a bit better in Q1. But right now, we're operating about where we thought we'd be when we talked to you guys 90 days ago. 
John Mulligan: We don't talk much about the timing within the quarter, Chris. I think, anytime we're buying within a quarter, it's not going to have a lot of impact on that quarter just because of the nature of how we calculate average shares in that quarter. And I think our dilution -- any share dilution that occurred would be normal course. We didn't see anything outside what normally happens every year, every quarter as we go along. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think, as we thought about our annual outlook, certainly we wanted to reflect the very strong performance we had in Q1. But I think, as we sat back, we also are looking here and saying, "Well, we're through one quarter of the year. You got Q2, Q3, Q4 yet to go." And as Kathy talked about, our view of the macro environment really hasn't changed appreciably in the last 90 days. So while we enjoyed some weather pull-forward and had the right merchandise absolutely in Q1, and you see the benefit of that in our performance, we think that our current outlook is a reasonable outlook for our business given the very strong performance in Q1 but the fact that we've got a lot of wood left to chop here in the year before we get to the end. 
John Mulligan: It's pretty granular, but I think we feel pretty comfortable with all the months relatively consistently as we look across Q2. 
John Mulligan: Right. And on the 5% Rewards basket question. We see a basket in the incremental lift that is very, very similar to the baskets of that guest prior to their experience. There's a very, very small mix impacting gross margin, but it is insignificant relative to our gross margin or the performance of the 5% Rewards program. 
Kathryn Tesija: I would say that the environment's pretty rational right now. It's always very competitive. And as we head into the summer and getting closer to Back-to-School, I'm sure that, that will heat up, as it does every year. But I would say right now it's pretty rational. 
Kathryn Tesija: And the second one, on web metrics. We're very focused on our overall site performance, watching speed on all parts of the site, all pages, as well as our ability to improve search and order fulfillment. And so I'll tell you we've -- we're investing meaningful resources in our multichannel efforts. We're very committed to making improvements. We have seen those metrics improve meaningfully so far this spring. We still have a lot of releases yet to come this spring and summer, and we think that, that will continue to help these metrics improve. So a big focus for us, and you'll see us continue to talk about it as we go throughout the year. 
Kathryn Tesija: Well, certainly, our Apparel sales this spring helped our mix quite a bit, but I would say owned brands overall have been strong, really, across-the-board. Our consumables and commodity categories, as you know, continue to be very strong. All of our Apparel owned brands have been performing quite well. And in Home, we've seen good results in Room Essentials, which we've talked about before, but also Smith & Hawken and some of our better brands. 
Kathryn Tesija: I think the point is just that their confidence peaked in February, but as they were looking forward, and I'm -- gas prices are a part of that and just their budget overall. They were getting a bit more cautious, which is why I said, as we look forward, we are remaining liquid and making sure that our inventories stay in line so that we can adjust, whether that confidence goes back up, like it did in the first quarter. And you can see that even on our base inventory, we can outsell our sales performance by a considerable amount. But if it doesn't and their confidence goes down, we'll be able to keep our inventories in-line and maintain our profitability. So I think it's a combination of things that are just happening in the marketplace that make them more or less nervous at any given point in time. 
Kathryn Tesija: I think it's all of those things combined, but certainly, the ones that take money out of their wallet today have a meaningful impact to what they're able to spend on other products. So gas would be one of those. 
Kathryn Tesija: Sure. For the first question, Robbie, in terms of the gross margin, certainly, mix helped us, as I said earlier, with Apparel. And as we grow Apparel, that definitely is positive. Owned brands is another one that's positive, that we continue to grow and intend to for the future, which will help us. In terms of rates and how we're doing that, I think it's a number of things. There's not one single contributor, but it's optimizing our prices across-the-board, whether that's our regular retail, our promotional retails or our clearance. There's a lot of work that we do with that, as well as, as guests are trading up into better brands, there's typically more profit in those brands. So it's a wide mixture of things that are driving it. And certainly, our inventory control helps that as well. In terms of the Kindle, we continually go through an assessment of our assortments, and we felt that this is the appropriate decision for us to make at this time. So we will be phasing out the Kindle products throughout the spring here of 2012, and we will be out by early summer. 
Kathryn Tesija: Jeff, there's a lot of things that are leading us to decide what it is that we want to -- where we want to make improvements. Some of them are on the category dynamics and how we're selling, but even in categories where sales are fairly robust -- Apparel sales online have been fairly robust -- I still think that there's a lot of improvements that we can make. So a lot of the metrics I talked about earlier are things that affect the whole site, things like speed and search, our order fulfillment. And so we've just done, as a team, a deep assessment of how we think we're performing, where the site is slower, how good our search function is relative to some of our competitors. And that, along with the category dynamics, are driving us to where we think we need to make changes. And I would tell you that it's a combination of investment in technology but also in our process and just how we're going about our business and, certainly, to your point, our approach to multichannel versus a separate channel and how we're looking at the overall strategy by business and how that plays out online, I think, will strengthen our ability to sell product there. But a large investment will happen in technology to make us faster and smoother and easier for the guests to navigate. 
Kathryn Tesija: I'm not -- I don't know that I can tell you about the tech investment of when we will leverage that. We are investing heavily now and see that we will into the future. It's a key part of our business, not only the product that's sold online but, of course, all of the sales in stores that are influenced by the research that's done online. So it's a key part of our business that we will invest in for a very long time. In terms of the staffing, I don't know that we've made a decision specifically on what will be separate and what will be together, but we work together on setting the strategy for each category. And then we do have separate buying teams today, although they are ever-increasingly working more closely together as the channels kind of merge and complement each other. So I think, in terms of what that looks like, that's something we will assess for a very long time, but I don't see any big changes in the short term. We are adding to that team, that's probably the biggest change, and we have been now for quite some time as it's been growing. 
