John Mulligan: Sure. I'll start. I'm sure Kathee will jump in, but I think overall what you have heard is there's certainly some savings relative to last year with the clearance activity that went on, but I think much more important to that is you saw the acceleration of what we -- the signature categories, Home, Apparel, Style, Kids, many of those with margin rates well in excess of our average margin rate. And I think for the first time -- Kathee and I couldn't even remember the last time where both Home and Apparel out-comped the company. So we really saw a very strong mix in the quarter delivered by the product in the stores. 
John Mulligan: We don't disclose the average wage for our team members. What I would tell you is the store's team has always been a point of differentiation for Target, and we've always prided ourselves and believe we have the best team in retail. And so very focused on ensuring we have competitive wages and that we're developing our team members. We're all the time assessing the marketplace to determine competitive wages and making adjustments, and we feel very confident that we'll be paying the teams appropriately. I think importantly, if you look at our team leaders, 60% of them came from team members. So development is a really big part of what we offer to our team as they progress. Overall, as we look at some of the announcements that's been made in the marketplace and the minimum wage legislations act really hasn't changed our view of the quarter or the year really at all and won't be material changes to us. 
John Mulligan: Actually, the return rates were higher than our expectation, but they were essentially right-on last year. We had seen some improvement throughout most of the year, and they basically just returned to last year. So not a material change, just a little bit different than our expectation for the last couple of weeks. 
John Mulligan: Sure. Lots of variability across categories as is always the case. We saw some inflation in Food. We saw some -- a lot of deflation in Electronics like we always do, but if you look across the entirety of our business, essentially flat to last year. So no net impact to the business from inflation in aggregate. But as I said, lots of variability within that. 
John Mulligan: I think we continue to see gift card redemption. We intentionally -- we had a significant gift card promotion on Black Friday that was very successful. We saw all of those come back in January. I think that helped, and we saw continued strength in the product in Home and Apparel, very strong sales in Home and Apparel, and I think that was an element of it as well and I think it's a combination of both. 
John Mulligan: Well, I think Brian hit on it earlier, right? We're continuing to drive for positive traffic. I think positive in the store and growing digital online. That's part of our guidance. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think, like we said, it was a little bit of de-leveraging. There was some marketing expense we talked about in November moved from November into -- or from Q3 into Q4. As Brian said, we made some investments in marketing. The other elements were ongoing all year. We had some technology, and then the thing that really drove a lot of it relative to the other quarters was incentive expense. We clearly outdelivered our expectations, and that will be reflected in our incentive expense. 
Kathryn Tesija: Yes. So on top of the mix, I would also say that regular-priced sell-through was very high. So less on clearance or markdown and more at full retail, which also contributed. 
Kathryn Tesija: Yes, Sean, we're going to talk about Food in much more depth next week, but fresh is a very important part of Food, not only traffic and number of trips for our guests but just in terms of what's important to them in terms of wellness. Fresh food plays a very important part. And as Brian said, we've got a lot of work to do here. So both in SuperTarget as well as in PFresh format, and it centers around our assortments, how fresh the product is and ways that we can improve upon that, the presentation, showing abundance in that great product. So we have a lot of work to do but critically important to us because our guests have said they want to be able to eat better, both natural and organic. We see it in our results today, and we know that there's much, much more opportunity. 
Kathryn Tesija: The only thing that I would add to that is just that a lot of that focus came in our signature categories, which is why you saw our growth there in particular. So major investments in product, both quality as well as aesthetic and number of SKUs, newness that we brought to the market. The marketing reinforced that, and that was very well received by our guests and then coupled with presentation, both online with enhancements in our app, in our desktop site and the presentation in our store driven by focus on signature categories really helped drive our growth. 
Kathryn Tesija: And our wellness business is healthy. As we turned the corner into the new year, we saw that continue. So the trade-up that we have seen during Christmas, we saw continue into January, which is just guest choice for products in our discretionary category. So I think lots of things drove it. 
Kathryn Tesija: Well, Health & Beauty were both very strong. So in the health category, that's spread across many categories. I talked about "Made to Matter," I talked about better-for-you products in Food, but it was also in our health business. In our Style business, both Beauty was strong as well as in Apparel. It was driven really by Kids and by Baby. And in Home, it was Domestics and Seasonal products. And then in Kids, we had an incredible season in toys with a double-digit comp. We really were pleased with the overall holiday. 
Brian Cornell: To really build on that, I'm sure we're going to receive this question again next week. But to John's point, our goal is to make sure we have the very best team in retail. And we're going to continue to invest in their development and make sure that from a marketplace standpoint, we're very competitive with the wages we provide. So I've been very pleased to learn that over 60% of our team leaders actually started as part-time hourly employees. That development is critically important. It allows us to attract terrific team members. And as John stated, we do not expect to see any material change next year. 
Brian Cornell: Well, it's certainly going to be an area that we'll highlight next week, and I think you've captured it really, really well. Our focus right now throughout the organization is to reduce complexity, simplify the way we work, the way we operate each and every day, continue to empower our team members to make the right decisions that are going to impact the business. We want to create an organization that's much more agile, that moves with much -- increased pace as we go forward, and we deliver the right innovation and product that our guest is looking for. So it is a significant area of focus for us. We're going to talk about it in great detail, but we think it's going to be a very important part of our strategy going forward. It's going to fuel the key growth priorities that we've been talking about and we'll go through in great detail next week. But our goal is to make sure we eliminate complexity at Target, we simplify our operating model, we empower our team members and create an environment where we're agile, we're taking advantage of marketplace opportunities and we're bringing products and services to market that respond to the needs of our guests. 
Brian Cornell: Scott, while there's certainly a number of critically important metrics as we look at the business going forward, I can tell you that the entire leadership team has prioritized, one, increasing traffic to our stores; and two, visits to our sites. Those are critically important as we go forward. So we're going to do that by executing many of the priorities that we outlined today. We certainly want to make sure we're building the right digital and, importantly, mobile capabilities that drive greater visits to our site and build greater engagement with our guests, not only when they're shopping at home, but also when they're shopping inside of our stores. And Cartwheel is a great example of how we've used digital to drive greater engagement. I am really pleased, and Kathee highlighted the fact that our signature categories drove our growth in the fourth quarter. And it's critically important that while we're in the early stages, we're already seeing the guests react well to our focus on Style, on Baby and Kids and importantly, Wellness. And the fact that health care and Beauty and Home and Apparel outpaced our overall performance in the fourth quarter is a sign that we're connecting with the guest, and we're certainly driving more of the traffic because of these great new offerings in-store. So our focus on elevating signature categories, we think, brings our guests back to Target more often. They're going to be coming back in to see what's new. And Kathee and her team have a great lineup in 2015 of new, exciting products, coupled with an improvement in our in-store experience and merchandising. So those elements are critically important. We think localization allows us to build a more meaningful relationship with the guest, which will result in more traffic and more visits. And certainly, as we expand our smaller format, both CityTarget and TargetExpress, it's a way for us to engage the guest in these urban settings that are critically important. So all of those are focused on making sure we build greater engagement, but the metrics that are going to be important for us is to ensure it results in more traffic like it did in the fourth quarter and more visits to our site. So we're pleased with Q4. Lots of work in front of us, but I felt very good as did the entire leadership team that our comp increase of 3.8% in the fourth quarter was primarily driven by traffic. And our industry-leading growth in digital, it was certainly going to be fueled by more visits and better conversion from our site. 
Brian Cornell: Scott, I think you already know the answer to that. We're going to talk about this specifically next week. Food is very important to our guests, and they've confirmed that with us as we've gone back and researched the Food category through the eyes of the guest recently. We all know food trips drive traffic, and we want to make sure we complement our signature categories with guests that are coming to us for the great food products we can curate. We recognize we have a lot of work to do in Food. And Kathee and I were recently out in the market together. We spent several days visiting our stores, looking at competitive food retailers as we begin to build our reinvention plans for Food. But as Kathee will talk about next week, we recognize we need to make changes to our assortment. "Made to Matter" and some of the changes we're making right now in our assortment that deliver more organic, natural, gluten-free items, critically important to the guest and we also recognize we have to change the in-store experience and really make sure our Food and Grocery merchandising complements the great experience we create at Target. So a critically important area of opportunity. We won't get there overnight. It'll be a multiyear transition, but Food is going to play a very important role in complementing our other signature categories and making sure we drive traffic to our stores and to our site. 
Brian Cornell: Matt, we'll certainly go through much more of this next week. I think if you were to look at the changes we made from a marketing standpoint in the fourth quarter, the big change would have been a significant increase in our digital support of our brand. So as we continue to make sure we're connecting with our guests, we're connecting with them the way they're looking to connect with the Target brand, digital is going to play an increasingly important role. And we were very pleased with our overall marketing in the fourth quarter. We had some outstanding creative on air. It received very positive response from the guests and we complemented that with a very strong digital campaign. So I felt, and the team felt, very good about the progress we made from a marketing standpoint in the fourth quarter. We had creative that broke through the clutter, connected with our guests, drove traffic to our stores. We complemented that with really impactful digital and online communication, and tied that back in with great in-store marketing. So you'll see more of that as we go forward into 2015, and we'll take you through a lot more of the investments and the plans we have when we see you next week. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, let me start. I'll let Kathee and John jump in. I think you've certainly identified some of the big levers. And I think as we sit here today, we recognize that the consumer confidence has certainly improved. Lower gas prices certainly helping the industry overall. We did have some favorable overlaps, certainly, as we overlapped the breach. But I also think we made significant strides from a merchandising standpoint, from a marketing standpoint and we continue to deliver great execution and service inside the stores. And when you look at the 2-year stack, we had a very challenging November, a very strong November from 2013 that we overlapped and saw growth. Now that, to me, was a sign that not only was the consumer healthier, but they were choosing to spend their dollars in Target stores. And they came back in December, as Kathee alluded to. We had a very strong close to the holiday season. But importantly, we felt really good about traffic and our performance in January, particularly in the last 2 weeks of the quarter. So a combination of we certainly did have some issues from last year that we were overlapping. The consumer, we do believe, is healthier, and we're pleased that they're spending in our stores, both in our stores and online, but I also think we made significant strides from a merchandising standpoint. We had terrific marketing and a great digital connection with our guests. We were able to leverage both an improved in-store experience, the convenience of shopping online and picking up in store, and we had industry-leading online sales. And we leveraged our stores to help make sure that we fulfilled the needs of our guest. So I think the combination of all those elements added up to a very solid quarter. 
Brian Cornell: Yes, Michael, I think -- well summarized. I would put 4 elements on the list. John talked about gift cards. I think that was very important, and we certainly saw our guests come back to Target with gift cards after the holidays and through January. Our focus on wellness, certainly well received by the guests. We had great newness in our stores to start the new year and our store teams did a terrific job of recovering after the holidays and we offered our guests a very strong in-store shopping experience. So a lot of the basics, but our gift card plans were well executed. We saw the guests come back in January. Our focus on wellness, that important signature category, well received. We've brought newness into the stores to start the year, and our store teams did a terrific job of recovering after a very busy Christmas holiday season. 
Brian Cornell: Yes, I think as we mentioned earlier in the call, Wellness, Home, Apparel, all comped in excess of the 3.8% we reported for the quarter. So strength across all those categories. And to win in the fourth quarter, you have to win in Toys. Well, our team won in Toys. And showing a double-digit comp was critically important. So we felt very good about the early progress in those signature categories, and we'll build off of that momentum as we go into 2015. 
Brian Cornell: Okay. Thanks for joining us today. That's going to conclude our Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate everyone's participation today, and we really look forward to seeing you next week in New York City. So thank you again. 
