Brian Cornell: Thanks, Michael. Before we move to your questions, I want to pick up on Michael's last point, which is the way we've been able to synchronize every aspect of our strategy. A few years ago, we embarked on a project to better articulate our company purpose. Across our team, there was already a strong sense of who we are and what we stand for, but we wanted to put it into words distinctly. Out of that work came the purpose we articulate today: to help all families discover the joy of everyday life. Those words have deep meaning for our team: families, discovery, joy and the word all, which represents our strong commitment to inclusion across every aspect of our business. Some might ask if everyone at Target already had a strong sense of purpose, why go to the trouble of putting it into words? The answer is the alignment that it creates, alignment of our strategy and alignment of our team. In the same way we had a focus on what really matters most in our articulation of our purpose, we're relying on that purpose to focus both our strategic work and our everyday activities.  If we find ourselves working on something that doesn't advance our purpose, we can set it aside and relentlessly focus on the things that will move Target forward. That kind of focus has enabled the performance we're reporting today, and it's behind all of our investments, strategies and activities as we look ahead.  With that, let's move to Q&A. Christina, John, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Chris, we're off to a really strong back-to-school start, and it is broad-based right now. Christina and Michael, John and I were out in stores yesterday, and we were seeing guests shopping our entire back-to-school assortment. I think we've got a great assortment at a tremendous value, and we're off to a really strong back-to-school and back-to-college season. 
Brian Cornell: Well, let's have Christina talk about the strength we're seeing in our owned brand performance and how we're managing costs in this environment. 
Brian Cornell: Karen, Michael summarized it well. I mean our theme for this quarter was growth on top of growth. But you should expect that theme to continue going forward. We're going to continue to invest in our stores. John talked about the remodel plans that we have in place. We'll continue to invest in new, highly productive stores, invest in our brands, invest in our fulfillment services and invest in our team. And our focus on continuing to drive consistent growth and market share expansion quarter after quarter will be a theme you'll hear for years to come. 
Brian Cornell: Scott, It will be a very familiar theme to you. We're going to continue to invest in remodeling our stores. And despite the progress we've made, and we've remodeled just about half our stores today. So you'll continue to see us invest in remodels.  We've got a very strong pipeline of new stores that we'll be rolling out over the next few years. We'll continue to invest in our brands and our owned brand performance. You'll continue to see us continue to invest in Drive Up and pickup and the expansion of Shipt. And we'll continue to invest in our team, again, all built around that thematic of growth.  And as we think about the key metrics going forward, you'll hear us talk about traffic, and we felt exceptionally good this quarter about driving traffic growth of almost 13%, continue to drive strong comps in both our stores and digital channels. And we'll continue to make sure we always are laser-focused on market share gains.  So those themes will be very consistent going forward. The investments we make in our stores, our brands, our fulfillment channels and our team will continue to drive traffic to our stores and visits to our site, continue to drive strong comps that equate to market share gains across our entire portfolio. So that's our continued commitment for not just the next few quarters but for years to come. 
Brian Cornell: And Michael, I would just come back to -- I know there's been lots of questions about the impact of the Delta variant. And we watch this very carefully. We're obviously very focused on safety. But we continue to see a very optimistic consumer, certainly shopping with caution and they're wearing masks more and more across the country. But we're seeing tremendous resilience in the consumer today. And our traffic patterns, I think, represent that, as we see this consistent flow of traffic into our stores. So a very resilient consumer. And we're seeing that as we start the third quarter. That traffic pattern and that resilience is continuing. 
Brian Cornell: Steph, I might start. I think you've actually answered the question for us. You'll see us balance our messaging in the holidays around obviously, affordability, great value. We'll certainly emphasize our same-day services, and we know how important they'll be for the guests during that holiday season, and the strength of our multi-category assortment. So it will be a very steady stream of great product news, great service news and will underscore value. 
Brian Cornell: Well, operator, that concludes our second quarter call. Thank you for joining us today. Enjoy the rest of the summer, and we look forward to talking to you later in the year. Thank you.
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. Chris, you've heard us talk over time about all the levers we have within the business to offset some of those puts and takes. And I think the second quarter is a really good example of that. If you take out the sales return adjustment in last year's actuals, margins were essentially flat year-over-year. And so we found some good offsets there and feel really good about our profit performance.  I actually think that same theme comes through loud and clear if we zoom out a little bit and look at a longer time period. If you go back to first half of this year versus first half of 2019, 2019 gross margin rate was 30.1% for the Q1 and Q2 season. We're sitting at 30.4% right now in Q2 and 30.2% for the spring. And so a lot's happened over the last 2 years, and we feel really good about our ability to manage the profitability of the business. And I think that bodes well for the back half of this year and beyond. 
Michael Fiddelke: If I step back from your question a little bit, Karen, at the end of the day, growth powers so much of our margin equation. And that's why we're so focused on investments that drive growth. And you can certainly see that in the improved productivity. That comes to bear. And the math we do on new stores, that comes to bear for how we adjust our store footprint in a remodel. And so you'll see us consistently focused on investments that drive growth. With that growth comes good productivity on a per square foot basis, and we can translate that growth to good bottom line profit. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. I think Christina said it well, our teams are experts at managing the puts and takes across the business. So if we rewind the clock a couple of years ago, we'll be talking about tariffs and how we offset that. And I feel really good about how our teams manage any complexity in the business.  To underscore something Christina also said, value matters, and we'll be laser-focused on making sure our guests find incredible value on our site and in our stores. And so we've done a lot of hard work to invest in solid price perception. And we want to make sure that our guests continue to find that value going forward, inflation or not. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. Well, the answer to that question, priority 1 has been and always will be invest in the business. And continuing to invest to drive growth is the first use of that cash. Our second capital priority is to support the dividend. We announced just last month a north of 30% increase in our per share dividend. And we have the good fortune of a business that continues to generate a lot of cash as we grow. And so that gives us capacity for share repurchase as well.  Over time, you'll see us carry less cash than that $7.4 billion we have today to be sure. Optimal and normal times, it's something closer to flat to a little north of that cash on the balance sheet, depending on the period of the year we're in. But we want to be prudent about how we kind of step back into the sweet spot of our middle A credit ratings. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. So Michael, there's always something unique in the environment. I can't remember one of these calls where there wasn't a specific good guy or bad guy on the margin line we weren't talking about. And so I think what matters most is our ability to put together a P&L that hangs together great, and that always starts with sales growth.  And so while we aren't in a position today to share a new algorithm, go forward, we'll be centered on continued sales growth and continued market share gains. And with those, I'm confident in our team's ability to put together a P&L that translates into a bottom line we'll all feel good about. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. We aren't getting into the specifics for gross margin or SG&A. It's all wrapped into our expectation for that OpEx line on the year. And similar to the second quarter, I expect you'll see some puts and takes. I mean one of the things we're excited about in Q2 is to get back to a more normalized level of marketing spend because we kind of had to put our foot on the hose last year as we changed course in the early stages of the pandemic. And so we feel good about returning to what I view as a really healthy level of marketing investment that should power growth in the back half of the year. 
Michael Fiddelke: You're right, Kelly, there's some seasonality to how profit flows through our P&L quarter-by-quarter, spring versus fall. We feel really good about the back half of the year and the growth we expect to deliver, and we think that yields 8% or north-of-there operating margins for the year. And so while getting too precise on any specific line, I think, would be an exercise in imprecision right now, we're really confident we'll be able to put that all together for a profit rate in the back half of the year that we feel good about. 
A. Hennington: I'd be happy to take that one. Let's start with owned brands. As you know, owned brands are a huge part of our strategic imperative and desire to continue to differentiate in the market, bring great quality products to our guests. And so our commitment is to continue to accelerate our owned brands at a faster rate than our base, and that is what exactly what we saw in the second quarter. That's the pattern we've been on. And as long as we continue to find unique opportunities to meet the guests' needs, that's going to persist.  And so you also know that owned brands represent a big portion of our sales mix, but even a bigger portion of our gross margin. So that creates tailwind for us on the profit side. And then going back to your first question on costs, yes, we're seeing cost pressures on product costs as well as freight. But going back to Michael's point, this is what we do every day. We manage the profitability of the business by leveraging the full suite of levers that we have to offer great value to our guests while delivering on the financial expectations you have. 
A. Hennington: Michael, maybe I can jump in on this one. Traffic has been very consistent, and it's been consistently strong. And we're very excited about the early momentum in back-to-school and back-to-college as well. What I would tell you is that the strength of our portfolio allows us to flex between patterns in consumer behavior changes that are more at the micro level, not at the aggregate level. The aggregate has been consistent and healthy.  But there are behavior changes within businesses. We've talked about the fact that last year, there was a bigger need for household essentials and people were stocking up. Now we're seeing less of that, and we're seeing more the return to going out. And therefore, they're wearing dresses and beauty products, and luggage business has been very strong. So there are patterns underneath, but the macro and aggregate is that Target is outpacing the industry. And it's really led by broad-based strength across all of our businesses. 
A. Hennington: And Ed, I can jump in on the Target Circle component. As you accurately reflected in your question, it's been a great program for us, and we're up to over 100 million members in Target Circle, 100 million. It's quite substantial. And what primarily this is about is obviously making sure that we are more relevant to our consumer in giving them great deals, more personalized offers and relevancy that they appreciate. And so as an example, in the second quarter, guests benefited from $70 million of savings from the 1% earnings on purchases plus another $600 million worth of savings from the promotional offers. So in our commitment to offer affordability, accessibility, Target Circle is just another amazing proof point that we'll keep building on. 
A. Hennington: Yes. The Food & Beverage business has been a real source of strength for us and continues to do exceptionally well, including our owned brands that we have launched. Good & Gather and Favorite Day are growing because they're just so relevant. They taste delicious. They look great. They're across the whole portfolio, and guests are finding them easily amongst the assortment.  On your question about, is the assortment expanding? Or is it really the expansion on to Drive Up. The assortment is always going to be a curated point of view. But when a guest starts in the digital experience rather than the physical experience, there is much more understanding of who we are, and they quickly are converting because of that convenience in Drive Up to Target Food & Beverage. And I think you will see a lot of upside in the future from the success that we've built over the last several years in this business. 
