Gregg Steinhafel: That concludes today's prepared remarks. Now, Kathy, John and I will be happy to respond to your questions. 
Gregg Steinhafel: No, we're not holding back at all. I mean, we're not capital constrained, and we're pursuing every project that we can find that's going to generate the right kind of return. So I would tell you that the real estate -- commercial real estate market is pretty much status quo and hasn't changed all that much over the last couple of years. There are pockets of opportunities and we're anxious to either codevelop or develop on our own or be a partner in any development that -- where we believe that is the right demographics and we can generate the right kind of returns. So we're not holding back at all. It's just the environment is still a little cautious and a lot slower than we'd like it to be. And hopefully, things will change over the next couple of years. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes. The other thing I would add is you have to take a look at the mix of our business, too. And there was industry softness in Electronics and Toys, which are really important to us. There was not any must-have, really super hot new products that really drove consumers into the stores. And as others have reported, the Toy business was a little softer than expected. The same is true in Electronics as we were post peak in terms of the digital cycles and Videogame business in particular, were softer, and that's a huge business for us. So just a cyclical nature at some of these businesses in addition to what Kathy said, caused comps to be a little bit softer than we expected. But we are not bashful about being hypercompetitive, and we want to be really super competitive every year as we head into the holiday season. But we also want to have a balanced approach in making sure that it's not all about market share. We want to gain market share but do so profitably in trying to find that right mix. And that's the approach we'll continue to take. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, we're competitive day in and day out. I mean, we have always maintained the position that we're going to be competitive in the marketplace. And so it's a position that we've taken. And as we continue to learn more and as more business migrates to the online channels, we're going to continue to sharpen up our online prices in that channel as well and be competitive with those competitors that are most meaningful in that channel. So there would be some sharpening up there, but I would tell you, we offer fantastic value day in and day out, our pricing strategy has not changed and as we look across the competitive landscape, we're very, very well-positioned. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Okay. Well, thank you very much. That concludes Target's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you, all, for your participation. 
John Mulligan: Obviously, this year, 2013 will be peak capital investment in Canada, about $1.5 billion. Next year, going forward, CapEx for the U.S., we'd expect something similar, perhaps or growing a little bit to $2.5 billion, something in that range, Canada dropping to somewhere -- we're still opening a fair number of stores, $0.5 billion, perhaps a bit more than that. So we would expect free cash flow to expand, especially in light of Canada operations becoming accretive. As far as what we would intend to do with that, we said first by 2017, assuming we get to $8 a share, we'd expect the dividend to be at $3 a share or more. So we'd expect to continue to increase the dividend at a rate approximately 20% on a compound basis over the next several years. And with the constraint of living within our current strong investment-grade credit ratings, we'd expect to deploy the remainder of our excess cash flow as share repurchase. 
John Mulligan: Yes. I think that's right, Mark. When we look back on where we're at right now with Canada, we feel really good about where we're at and our projections for returns in Canada. If we look back a year ago or even 2 years ago when we signed a deal, the projected EBITDA for this quarter -- for this year, excuse me, is essentially right on where we thought it would be. The dilution is a bit higher even than we expected perhaps a year ago, and all of that is attributable to independent capital investment decisions we've made, whether that's investing in 3 distribution centers to build them and own them ourselves or the 40 store expansions that I mentioned that we worked through over the past year. So most of the increase from our vantage point is attributable to incremental depreciation and amortization. And of course, those capital investments were separate economic decisions, and we expect to see economic benefit to that P&L through time, but the sequencing is that the depreciation and amortization shows up first. 
John Mulligan: Yes, the property development team did an outstanding job working with some very good partners, our landlords in Canada and the vast majority of the percent rent clauses, which of course, never impacted Zellers, have been negotiated away. Percent rent is not a meaningful issue for us going forward. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think what I would say, Gregg, is right now as we look at the Retail business and model, that we've always modeled that kind of independently as a credit business given the different leverage characteristics, as you noted. We think the Retail business right now is probably pretty close to the top end. There may be a little bit of room but we think it's near about where the leverage, which will support our current credit rating is at. 
John Mulligan: Sure. The increase in REDcard sales is a mix of both, Greg. Certainly, the new accounts are creating a significant amount of that lift. With the amount of accounts, you can see the increased penetration resulting from new accounts. But we have also seen an increase in lift, particularly over the first several quarters that the REDcard was out in existing accounts. The other thing I would mention, the big driver here of the increase in sales as has been the case, the big driver in the increase of the whole program has been the debit card. And I think from our assumptions perhaps, 2 or 3 years ago, when we were talking to you to now, the debit card is the one that has really surprised us. The credit card has probably gone pretty much with what we thought, but the debit card, we're doing 3 accounts to 1 debit to credit now and that has been the one, the product that has been incredibly attractive to consumers who just don't want another credit card, and that's really what has driven the significant increase in our REDcard sales. 
John Mulligan: The actual assumption for the U.S. business was about a 3 comp through time. And some years, it will be a little bit above that, some years, a little bit below that. But we think 3 comp is about the right level for our business. If you look back at our business over a really, really long period of time, back when we were running 5 comps, a couple of hundred basis points of that were coming from new stores as they annualized and were in about a 3 comp in our base business. And over the last couple of years, since 2010, last year, a little bit lower. 2011, right on. We feel like that's the right neighborhood for where we can run the business. 
John Mulligan: The revenue number, I would tell you, it continues to move around even here for the reasons Gregg just outlined. We continue to -- the store openings schedules continue to move around. We've only really set in place in concrete, the first 2. The rest of them is still moving around a little bit. So we're hesitant to provide pretty specific guidance. But what I would tell you is the expectation is that these stores will open and grow and have a very similar annualization process to what we see in the U.S. So I think that's probably the most important assumption and in the revenue and move around based on what stores we get opened when. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think you hit on it. It will be a little bit longer. We're not talking about 5 years or anything like that. But 2.5, 3 years, something like that, our current modeling we'd say we'll get it back in, something like that. So a bit more than 2 years. 
John Mulligan: Sure. The biggest impact is the impact of share repurchase as that levers against growing profits is the short story on that, Dan and we're happy to spend a little bit more time with you, if you'd like but that's the short story. 
