Brian Cornell: Well, Matt, I would tell you we're feeling really good about the trends we're seeing, the reaction we're getting from the guests. Certainly, the growth in traffic for us is really encouraging. So we're seeing more Target guests come back to our stores and visit our sites, and they're continuing to respond very positively to the work we've done in signature categories. So sitting here today, we're very confident about our position. We think we're connecting with the consumer and our guests, and I feel fantastic about the plans we have in place for the fourth quarter. So while obviously still cautious as we sit here early in November, we feel very good about the way the consumer and the guest is responding to our brand, and I feel as if we're really well positioned for the fourth quarter. 
Brian Cornell: Let me talk about the owned brand investments we're making, and then let Cathy talk through the Rx implications. But as we've consistently talked about throughout the last year and 1.5 years now, we think one of the things that differentiates Target is the value, the quality, the innovation we bring to our own brands. So we're clearly looking to make sure we bring more value to our own brands. I talked about the number of handcrafted items we're going to have for the fourth quarter. And we're being very surgical with those investments, but we're seeing a great reaction from the guest as we elevate the value we offer in our own brands. So we'll be very surgical, very selective, but we're certainly seeing a great return for the investments we're making. 
Brian Cornell: Right now, we're still very focused on testing localization in Chicago. We're very pleased with the results, and certainly a lot of the localization's taking place in our Food and beverage offerings. We're seeing the guest respond to that, and we're going to take the learning from Chicago and apply it to the 25 stores we're remodeling in Los Angeles. So we'll continue to expand the learning, take it from Chicago to L.A., but I am very pleased with the progress we're making. And we're partnering with John and the store and supply chain teams to make sure, over time, we can scale the learning from Chicago and Los Angeles to multiple markets around the country. 
Brian Cornell: Well, I think the most important measure to look at is what's happening with online growth overall. And just in the last 24 months -- or 24 hours, we saw the October e-commerce growth rates in the U.S., and it was up about 8.6%. The outlook that NRF has for e-commerce growth in the fourth quarter is somewhere between 6% and 8%. So while our 20% growth rate is not in line with our expectations, it's still dramatically outperforming the industry. And I think the most important measure we're looking at is the fact that over 80% of our guests start their shopping journey online, either at home on their desktop or with a mobile device, and that digitally influenced guest is coming into our stores more often. So as we've talked about our strategy, our strategy is to make sure we allow our guest to shop anywhere, anytime they want with Target. And what we're seeing right now is they're voting with their feet to spend more time in our stores. They're downloading our Cartwheel app, and 20 million downloads so far to date. So I think we're seeing an overall slowdown in digital growth across retail, and we're really pleased that we continue to outpace the industry -- dramatically outpace the industry, but our digital efforts are driving more traffic into our stores and helping us grow our overall comps. So while there's been a slowdown broadly across the sector, we continue to outpace the industry, and that's our fundamental goal. 
Brian Cornell: I think we're making some very good strides, starting in Apparel. And while 3% in Q3 was slightly less than the growth rate we saw in the second quarter, compared to many of our peers, we recognize that we're continuing to build traffic and growth in an important Apparel category. So the work we've done with mannequins, with changing the in-store experience is clearly paying off. One of the changes that we have announced recently is the addition of 1,400 visual merchandisers to make sure we combine the change in the ranking with mannequins and fixtures and layouts with experts in store that can maintain that great in-store merchandising experience. So that's a new venture for us. We're standing it up for the holidays. We expect that they continue to strengthen the in-store experience. And we know with our signature categories, we're still at the very, very early stages of standing up our Wellness position. But we feel like we're in an excellent position with Baby and Kids. We feel very good about our performance in the third quarter with Kids Apparel. Certainly, Toys has been a highlight throughout the year, and we feel as if we're well positioned coming off of second and third quarter comps in Toys that were up 12%, the reaction we've seen from the guest to our store -- Star Wars assortment, where we captured an industry-leading position and expect to be a destination during the holidays. So while we still have much more work to do, we feel very good about the progress we're making in signature categories, and I think the addition of digital merchandisers in store will help us maintain our merchandising appeal throughout the holidays 
Brian Cornell: Well, Scott, I'm glad you asked the question. I do think one of our highlights in Q3 was the improved performance in Food. Now we've actually seen Food comp acceleration throughout the year. And while we haven't made major changes with fixtures and in-store decor, we've been very focused on assortment changes and bringing more natural, organic, local items into many of our categories, and we're seeing the guests react very favorably. So to me, it's getting the basics right. And before we start making fixture changes and decor changes, it has to start with the right assortment and making sure we have the items, the brands our guest is looking for when they shop food at Target. So the acceleration you're seeing right now is driven by, section by section, getting the assortment right, bringing more appealing items to our guests, adding more natural, organic, gluten-free items that are on trend to those categories. We made some significant changes in yogurt in the third quarter and saw very, very positive responses, high single-digit growth rates in those categories. So while we're not shouting about it, we're making steady progress in Food. We'll learn a lot more in 25 stores in Los Angeles, where you will see some changes in fixtures and decor. And as we learn, we'll continue to grow. So I think we do have significant upside, but Scott, this is about making sure we get it right, and we're going to take a slow, steady approach, solid, consistent results every quarter and continue to deliver what the guest is looking for from an assortment experience standpoint when they shop food at Target. 
Brian Cornell: Yes, Scott, we've looked at this very carefully, and I know we've talked about it a number of times. We feel very confident that the CapEx budgets we've had in place will be very adequate over time to make the changes we need to make from a technology standpoint, a supply chain standpoint, continue to refresh our stores and maintain our focus on maintenance investments. So sitting here, Cathy and I have spent a lot of time recently. Obviously, John's been a great steward of our CapEx spending, and we feel very comfortable that our current spending levels will allow us to modernize the organization, enhance technology and improve supply chain. And make sure, along the way, we're continuing to enhance the in-store experience and match that up with a great online experience for our guest. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. We don't see any material change in the marketplace. Again, we've talked a lot in the past about making sure we're investing to have the best retail team. And we look at this very surgically, year after year, market by market, and we think we're in a great position and we think we're hiring terrific talent, and we're excited that we've got a great team in place as we get ready for the holidays. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Greg, I think it's important is you tie-out the math on the ship-from-store, last year at this time, we had just over -- about 120 stores where we were shipping from store. As we sit here today, we're up to 462. So we've expanded the base. We're going to leverage and sweat the assets, I think, much more effectively. But importantly, that enhanced base allows us to deliver to our guests in a much shorter time frame. So we would expect that to grow during the holidays. We've certainly ramped up for it, and we think that's going to provide a much better shopping experience and allow us to deliver product to our guests in a much shorter period of time. 
Brian Cornell: And remember, Greg, with many of those items, those are long lead-time items. So -- and we'll certainly be watching that over time. But as we sit here today, many of those orders and POs were placed many, many months ago. So we'll continue to monitor that over time, but we certainly like our position with our owned brands as we enter the holidays, and that's an important way that we differentiate. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Well, Bob, first on the A&A side, again, we think the guest is responding really well to some of the changes we've made with our own brand assortment. And the investments that we talked about today, we've been consistently talking about for over a year now, making sure that we're reinvesting in quality, in innovation, in style, making sure that we deliver that "Expect More. Pay Less." brand promise. So the guest is reacting really, really well to that, and we're going to continue to make sure that we deliver great value in our own brands. So it shouldn't be a new phenomenon. It's something that we've been very clear and transparent about, and we think it's paying off with increased traffic and growth in those core signature categories. So it looks like we've run out of time for today. I do appreciate everyone calling in, and that will conclude our third quarter earnings call. So thanks, everyone, for joining us. 
Catherine Smith: And, Matt, this is Cathy. On -- with regards to the pharmacy reimbursement pressure as we said when we announced the transaction with CVS, that we lack scale and we knew that we were going to continue to see pressure here over time. So what we're seeing in this quarter is in the range of 15 to 20 basis points of pressure in the quarter and -- which is why we're excited to be partnering with CVS because they'll be able to help with that scale. 
Catherine Smith: I would offer just real quickly to add to that, because we have kind of pressure tested this one ourselves a lot. We have not -- Target has not underinvested over the years, and I think that bodes well with the state of where you find our stores as well as our technology and supply chain investments we need. So I feel very good about where we are, and with that level of investment, we've been pretty consistent. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. So Greg, this is Cathy. I'll take the first part of it. To answer your question, yes, we expect it to be essentially flat and it will be pretty much offset. We'll have pluses and minuses. So the savings we're getting we'll continue to reinvest, as we have planned. John will answer the 40% digital shipment. 
Catherine Smith: Yes, I'll answer it briefly and then anyone can chime in. We're really not seeing an impact on it in our product cost or in -- obviously, in our margins. So it's really been kind of a nonevent for us. 
