Brian Cornell: Thanks, Cathy. Before we take your questions, I thought it would be helpful to cover our agenda for next week. In New York next Wednesday, I'll open the meeting with an update on our strategic priorities and the initiatives for 2016. Then John will provide deeper insights into the work his team's doing to transform supply chain and their efforts to drive operational excellence across the enterprise. And finally, Cathy will provide insights into how we expect to continue to deliver on the long-term financial algorithm we laid out last year.  Following the presentations, we'll have a Q&A session with all 3 speakers, along with several other members of our leadership team who will be attending this meeting. At last year's meeting, I outlined our enterprise priorities and told you that I hoped it would remain consistent for years. So here's the spoiler alert. Our priorities today remain consistent with a year ago. We made progress, but we have a lot more to do. And our tactics will always be evolving, but this year's results demonstrate we're focused on the right work.  At this year's meeting, we plan to show you how we're getting even closer to our guests, gaining a deeper understanding of their wants and needs and how Target fits into their daily lives. We also plan to show you why we're so excited about all the new products we've developed for this year. And for those of you who will be with us in New York, you'll see vignettes showcasing newly developed products across multiple categories, including our incredible new Kids brand, Pillowfort. So whether you plan to be with us in New York next week or listening to our webcast, we hope you'll join us to gain a deeper understanding of our strategic and financial plans going forward and why we're so excited about the prospects in 2016.  With that, we'll conclude our prepared remarks, and now Cathy, John and I will be happy to respond to your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. I'd only add, we've been working for months and months now with our colleagues at CVS to make sure this is a very smooth transition, and the plans we have in place will minimize the impact on the guests. So we're very excited about what this brings to Target, what it brings to our guests and to our shareholders and expect it would be a very seamless transition over the next 6 months. 
Brian Cornell: Matt, I'll start out and I'll let Cathy and John also build on it. But as we talked about last year, we had a very clear multiyear plan. We targeted over $2 billion of savings. And in 2015, we've made very good progress against that plan. We're on or ahead of all of the key metrics that we're tracking, and we expect that to continue as we go forward. So John and Cathy are working across the organization to make sure that those initiatives stay in place. And as John continues to build his team and we bring people like Anu Gupta on board to focus on operational excellence, we expect to find even greater opportunities for further improvement. So I think we're well positioned today. I feel very good about the progress we've made to drive productivity across the organization, and you should expect that to continue in 2016 and beyond. 
Brian Cornell: Sean, as we think about our performance in the fourth quarter, it's played out pretty much as expected. And we know that fourth quarter's going to be very promotional, very competitive. We certainly saw the guest respond very positively to our offers, and that drove great traffic. It allowed us to build market share in our signature categories, and I think it positioned us well for 2016. So as we sit here, there's a lot of variables that go into building our plans for a quarter like the fourth quarter, but we're very pleased with the way our plans drove traffic to our stores, visits to our site, allowed us to accelerate comps on top of a very strong quarter last year, and we saw very broad increases across many of our signature categories as we reported. So I think our plans were in line with our expectation for the quarter. 
Brian Cornell: Yes, Sean, again a number of puts and takes as we look at the impact of changes in currency and cost of goods. But it's all baked into our outlook for next year, and I think we approach 2016 with a lot of confidence that we've got great plans in place, terrific momentum. And as you'll see next week at the conference, the team's done a terrific job in building some exciting new brands that we'll showcase next week and we're already seeing some really positive responses from our guests to our new Kids line to look forward. So we're excited about 2016 and we look forward to seeing you next week. 
Brian Cornell: Yes, we're going to spend a lot more time unpacking this next week, but we recognize that today, our Target guest interfaces with the brand in a number of different ways. Sometimes, they're in our stores. Sometimes, they're shopping online. We certainly heard many times, because of some of the proprietary items that we offer during the fourth quarter, they were shopping online, but as John referenced, quickly coming to our stores to pick up those items. So we felt really good about the way the guest responded to our offers during the fourth quarter. And a great combination of in-store traffic, more guests than ever before clicking and collecting items in our store and then the fact that we were able to leverage our stores, this year over 460, where we were shipping from stores to our guests' homes, that overall package came together really effectively throughout the holidays. So we feel as if we had a winning strategy in the holidays. It drove great comps on top of a very strong performance last year. And you and many of the others that are on the call have asked me repeatedly throughout 2015, would we be able to comp the 3.8% increase in 2014? Well, hopefully, we answered that question. We answered it with strong momentum, and we were able to see both strong performance in our stores and we delivered industry-leading performance online. So we feel really good about the way we're exiting Q4 and well positioned for 2016 and beyond. So we're looking forward to seeing all of you next week in New York, and thanks for your patience this morning. I know we started a few minutes late, but hopefully, it was worth your time, and we look forward to seeing you again next Wednesday. So thank you. 
Catherine Smith: Yes, I'll just add on a little bit. With regards to our performance with SG&A, the beauty of what we're seeing with the plan we laid out last year is we're delivering upon it, but we're also recognizing how we can reinvest back in the business on the priorities that matter to our guests. And so if you think about our investment in visual merchandise leaders, that's a great example. 1,400 stores now have someone who is an expert at helping to showcase the categories that matter most to our guests. And so we're seeing the ability as we save on one line, we can invest in other areas in our business. And you had asked about wage pressure. I'm going to just put a plug in. We believe in having the best team in retail, and that has always been a differentiator for Target and we believe more today than ever that, that is going to be a differentiator, is that it's our wonderful team member engagement with our guests every single day, any way they interact with them. So we're going to be competitive in wage. We always assess it market by market and because we believe in fielding that best team in retail. 
Catherine Smith: Yes, so Greg, thank you. First off, I'm going to put a plug in to say that we look forward to seeing you next week because we'll obviously unpack a little bit more of it then. But with regards to the share repurchase comment, in our guidance, we did assume a consistent level of share repurchase like we've been talking. However, we're also sitting -- we're ending the year with a pretty heavy cash position because we closed the transaction late in December. And so you'll see us provide additional color into that, but we -- but suffice it to say, it'll be at the level of this year or higher and we've included that in our EPS guidance of $5.20 to $5.40. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. So as we've said, it obviously was an impact on sales but very little on the aggregate EBITDA line, which is what we've said longer-term. 
