Brian Cornell: Thank you. I want to reinforce Michael's commentary on our connection to families, which is so fundamental to our strategy. It's right at the center of our corporate purpose: to help all families discover the joy of everyday life. As we enter the holiday season at the end of a truly remarkable year, we're humbled and gratified at the number of families who have turned to Target to help them stay connected this year. We've helped them to find everything they need for a birthday party, including the decor, the food, the presents and a card. We created registries for couples getting married and for parents excited to celebrate the birth of a new child. We've helped our guests to stay connected from a distance with a new mobile phone or tablet. And we've helped them enjoy the additional time they're spending at home, whether that was new decor, office equipment, toys, video games or even activewear now that it's become work appropriate in a world in which all meetings are virtual.  Even though the holidays will be different this year, we know our guests still want to discover the joy and connect with those closest to them. So our team is focused on helping to make that happen while providing helpful and friendly service in a safe environment during the busiest time of the year.  So with that, we'll move to Q&A. John, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Well, Chris, it's Brian. Why don't I start out, give everyone a sense for how we're viewing the holiday season. And we've spent a lot of time talking to guests throughout the year. And as it pertains to the holiday, they're clearly telling us that they want to celebrate this holiday season, but they know it's going to be very different: smaller gatherings, those trips that we used to take will be postponed. But we certainly expect that the guests that we serve is going to look for ways to find that little bit of joy during the holiday season.  They've reacted very positively to our new promotional plan to start early and actually make those deals available throughout the holiday season. We've heard very positive responses to closing on Thanksgiving and really minimizing those big traffic-driving occasions that we've seen in the past.  So we expect this to be a season that's going to be very different, unlike any other we've ever seen. But we expect that guests will decorate their home, and there'll be gifts under the tree and they'll find special ways to celebrate the holiday season. And they'll turn to  Target and our multi-category portfolio and our suite of fulfillment services as a way to make that happen. 
Brian Cornell: First, to be really clear, our focus will always be on curation and making sure we balance the right mix of our own brand and select national brand partners. And that will be an approach we'll take for years to come. So we're very excited about some of our new partnerships and working now with Levi's. And next year, in 2021, welcoming Ulta Beauty to our stores and to Target.com. But we'll always be curators and finding the right mix for our guests between our own brands and iconic national brands. 
Brian Cornell: Stephanie, we've talked about the number of new guests that have turned to Target during the pandemic. As John and Michael and I referred to in our opening comments, we're seeing a guest shop multiple categories, take advantage of our vast multi-category portfolio. Some days, they're shopping our stores. Some days, they're taking advantage of our same-day fulfillment services. And we expect that to continue. So the guests that are shopping our stores right now are taking advantage of the multiple categories that we sell. They are shopping in apparel and home. They're coming into Hardlines and Food & Beverage. They're taking advantage of our Beauty offerings as well as Household Essentials. And again, some days, we see them taking advantage of the investments we've made to create a safe shopping experience in-store. And other days, they're taking advantage of the ease and convenience of our same-day fulfillment services. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. It's Brian. I'd only add and really recognize the great work our merchants teams have done throughout the pandemic and certainly in the third quarter, making sure that we quickly adjust assortment to make sure it's relevant for the guests in today's environment. And I think you'll expect to see that in the fourth quarter as well.  But our merchants have worked very closely with our key vendor partners to make sure we're making the adjustments and we've got the relevant items in our stores and online that guests are looking for today. And that's certainly been a big part of our success throughout 2020. 
Brian Cornell: Karen, why don't I start? I think as we've looked at the holiday season, we expected the guests to start shopping earlier but continue to shop throughout the holiday season right up to Christmas eve. So we think it's going to be a prolonged shopping season. I think we're going to see very different shopping patterns. We don't expect to see those big spikes during Black Friday and on weekends. I think it's going to be spread across the holiday season.  And we think December is going to be a very important gifting season for our guests. So we're watching it carefully. And again, we'll put a premium on flexibility and agility as we work through the months of November and December. But all indications, as we've talked to the consumer and talked to the guests is they're going to look to celebrate this holiday season. They're going to be focused on gifting and celebrating with their family and close friends. And we expect them to be in our stores and shopping online right till the very end of the holiday season. 
Brian Cornell: Karen, right now, we're very focused on the first half of 2021. And this is going to be a familiar theme: really taking some of the lessons learned from 2020, putting a premium on flexibility and agility because as Michael and I have both said, we, unfortunately, don't have that crystal ball as we look to the future. We're all looking for greater certainty. But we know we're going to go into the first half of 2021 facing the continued pandemic, waiting for vaccines, looking for greater clarity around the condition of the economy and unemployment. And I think we're going to just have to make sure that we remain flexible and provide the assortment and the services and the safety that the guest is looking for from Target.  We certainly expect certain trends will continue. We think guests will continue to consolidate the number of locations where they shop. We think our multi-category portfolio will continue to be very important as we serve the needs of families. We think ease and convenience, combined with safety, will continue to be important. And we'll continue to deliver great value.  So Michael talked about our continued focus on market share and the market share opportunities that are in front of us, and I think we'll be very focused on continuing to build off of the market share gains that we achieved in 2020 and further share opportunities in 2021. 
Brian Cornell: So I think the only thing I'd add is we look at our performance, our comps by geography each and every week. And we're seeing very consistent results literally across the country. From both coasts and the heartland of America and in the Southern market, really consistent comp and growth performance. So certainly, it's not 1 or 2 markets that are driving it. It's not our top-tier stores versus some of our lower-volume stores. We're seeing a consistent lift across the entire fleet of stores and obviously very strong growth in our digital channels. 
Brian Cornell: And Robby, on Target Plus, our approach continues to be the same. We're very selectively curating some vendor partners. I think we're up to about 175 right now. We probably have now close to 400,000 SKUs available through Target Plus. But we'll continue to make sure we curate very carefully and complement our store and online assortment.  So with that, I do want to thank everyone for joining us today. I wish everyone a safe and happy holiday season. We look forward to the day when we can all be back together in person.  But thanks for joining us. Thanks for your support, and have a safe and happy holiday season.
John Mulligan: Sure. Yes, we remain really bullish on the small-format stores and the opportunity in front of us there. We have many different types of trade areas that we have opened small formats in over the years, and by and large, they are all performing well.  There's a couple that I would say are probably not quite where we'd like to be given the year. One is college campuses. Those stores that are heavily dependent on just students have lagged the company a little bit. And the other one is really on employment centers, not really around dense urban neighborhoods. Dense urban neighborhoods have continued to perform very, very well. Employment centers where people have been working from home, those have also lagged a little bit the rest of the chain.  But as we look forward, we continue to see great opportunities across all the different trade areas. We believe college campuses, we're very bullish on those for the future. And so you'll continue to see us look to open small formats in many of the same areas that we've opened them in historically. And you'll see us begin to accelerate a little bit next year, potentially 30 to 35, perhaps over time get to 40 stores a year as we continue to think about opening those smaller stores to address trade areas where guests are seeking the Target experience, but today can't get that store experience. So like I said, we remain very bullish on that whole concept. 
John Mulligan: Yes. Well, first, thank you, God bless you for not asking about capacity. I would tell you, our store teams and the Shipt team continue to execute our same-day services at a very, very high level. And I think you hit on one of the things we've been very focused on this year, which is really assortment expansion. For Drive Up and for Pick Up, that has meant adding frozen, refrigerated and fresh foods. We are on a trajectory when we started the year to add it to about 300 stores. We obviously paused in the early spring. And then as things started to open up, really proud of the way our store teams responded and decided we could execute that across our properties team, supply chain and stores to get that in close to 1,600 of our stores today. And so that's available and that's been a huge win for our guests.  We see the unit increases -- the number of units in the basket increase as guests start shopping that. It was the #1 guest satisfier. If I can come and get diapers and a couple of other things, why can't I get a gallon of milk and some eggs. And so now we're able to fulfill that.  Right along with that, in OPU and Drive Up -- with Order Pick Up and Drive Up, we've added adult beverage, another key category for us where, again, it just tops off the basket. So a real guest satisfier and we'll continue to work to add other categories at Shipt. The opportunity there was to get some more of our discretionary categories available for our guests as they use our same-day service. And so as Brian mentioned earlier in the call, we added children's and adult apparel to that right here before the holiday. We think that will do very well.  So the teams continue to execute, continue to build efficiencies into what we're doing. But importantly -- I think the most important thing is they continue to ask the guests what it is they want and what we can fulfill for them and you'll see us continue to work toward that. And that will guide really how we continue to improve those services. 
John Mulligan: Yes. We continue to be really, really pleased with the performance of Shipt and the execution of the team. As we said, Shipt at Target has grown 280% this quarter, $200 million of incremental sales. So -- and it's a key part of what we're going to do here in the fourth quarter, we think you'll see us throughout the fourth quarter really lean into our same-day service as Order Pick Up, Drive Up and Shipt as a way -- as our way to fulfill our guest needs, and Shipt will be a big part of that.  I think beyond that, Shipt continues to experience very strong growth. They continue to add retailers. There are over 100 national and regional retailers. They added Bed Bath & Beyond this quarter in addition to a few others. They've doubled the number of shoppers since the spring and are planning to add another 100,000 shoppers here for the fourth quarter. So we continue to see really strong growth, and we're very pleased with Shipt's performance overall. 
