Brian Cornell: Thanks, Cathy. In a moment, we'll move to your questions, but I want to spend a minute and wrap-up with what we covered today. And what I hope you've heard today is that we're really happy with the path we're on, a path again well over 2 years ago. And today, our business is generating strong performance across the board from traffic and sales to operating income and EPS.  To get to where we are today, we decided to make some bold changes over the last couple of years, but I want to emphasize something important about those decisions. When we made them, we explicitly focused on taking a different path than our competitors. We said we would open stores when others were closing them. We said we'd invest billions of dollars in our shopping experience and in our team when others were pulling back. We said we'd use our stores as digital hubs because it delivers speed and convenience for our guests, and it aligns with our digital strategy. We said we'd invest in differentiation when others were simply looking for scale. And we said we'd maintain our balanced, multi-category assortment, one that's unique in U.S. retail.  So when we get asked today why aren't you doing what others are doing? The answer always starts with the fact that we're not trying to be like everyone else. At Target, we perform best when we're pursuing our own path, not when we are chasing someone else. And our first quarter performance is a clear example of the benefit of that approach.  So with that, I want to thank you for your time today. And now we'll move to your questions. 
Brian Cornell: And Sarah, why don't I have John Mulligan spend a few minutes talking about the benefits that we're seeing as fulfillment moves to some of our same-day services. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Chuck, let me add on. I think you should expect to see our Q1 performance really serve as a proxy for our performance over the balance of the year. Low to mid growth in comps, mid-single-digit improvement in operating income and high single-digit improvement in EPS, and I think that's going to be kind of the pattern for the balance of the year. 
Brian Cornell: Yes, and I'll start. I know we saw very consistent performance throughout the quarter. Actually, we talked about in our prepared comments some strength that we saw from a digital standpoint as we exited the quarter. But across our entire portfolio, we saw market share gains, very consistent comp performance both in-store and from a digital standpoint. And we expect that to continue in Q2. We did during -- wisely, as we talked about guidance. We're now going to lap the closures of TRU in the second quarter, so we'll see some moderation in the growth that we've experienced in Toys and Baby. But I think we have a very clear plan for the balance of the year going into the second quarter. We're very confident that we're going to continue to see market share gains and a consistent rhythm of comp increases, operating income improvement and that's going to flow through to EPS. So a very consistent set of performance drivers throughout the quarter that'll extend into Q2. 
Brian Cornell: Well, I'll go back to some of the points that John made during our March Investor Conference. As we move digital fulfillment from upstream DCs to stores, we see a significant reduction in expense, and we talked about a 40% reduction. When we go from an upstream DC to some of our same-day fulfillment offerings, like Order Pickup and Drive-Up, we see a 90% reduction in costs. And as John talked about, those were the fastest-growing parts of our digital fulfillment during the quarter, and we expect that to continue. That's clearly where we're seeing the guest preference. We saw tremendous amount of growth in Order Pickup despite the fact that we've been offering that for almost 5 years now. We're seeing dramatic acceleration in the Drive-Up offering and very strong performance from Shipt. So those were much more favorable from a expense standpoint, and they're preferred by the guests. So as that continues to mature and grow, we're going to see some of the benefits flow through our P&L. 
Brian Cornell: So why don't I let John start by talking about some of the process improvements we've made in store and the way we're leveraging technology and systems to drive even greater efficiency as we fulfill those orders. And then I'll come back and talk about the competitive environment. 
Brian Cornell: And Robbie, if we turn to the overall retail environment, we're seeing a very consistent and healthy environment across the U.S. I think what we're seeing right now is the bifurcation of winners and losers, and I think our performance now speaks for itself. We're on eighth consecutive quarters of growing comps. We've seen consistent market share gains across all of our categories, and we're performing both from a store standpoint and a digital standpoint. So we feel really good about the progress Mark and his team made from a merchandising standpoint, the reaction we're seeing to our own brands and the execution that we're seeing in store. So we think we're well positioned to continue to grow share in this environment. And I think what you are just seeing is you're seeing the emergence of winners who have been investing in their business, that are adapting to this new omnichannel environment and unfortunately, those that are ceding share that have not been able to invest and evolve to the new consumer environment. 
Brian Cornell: Joe, still, again, in the early stages. We've expanded our Target Circle program to a number of new markets. We are very pleased with the way the guest is reacting, and we certainly think that it's something we're going to expand over time. Our Target Plus program off to, again, a very good start, great response from vendors. But we're in the early stages. We want to make sure we stay focused on curating the right assortment by category for our guests. So more to come going forward, but both initiatives being well received, and we'll continue to look at expanding those over time. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, it gets back to our focus on being America's easiest place to shop. To John's point, we want to make sure we meet the guests on their terms, make it really easy and convenient for them to shop with us. And we know some days, they're going to be pulling in our parking lot and hoping to be out of there in minutes. Other days, they're going to come in, grab that cup of Starbucks and enjoy walking the racetrack and seeing what's new and exciting this week at Target. So we've got to make sure we're playing on the guests' terms and I think our strategy right now is meeting the guests right where they want to be. 
Brian Cornell: Kelly, I think, again, I think we were really clear back in March that we felt very good about 2019. I think our first quarter validates our guidance for the full year. And we feel very confident about the fact that we've got guidance that's realistic. We're going to continue to focus on execution each and every quarter. So no change in our guidance. We've got confident that we're going to deliver, as we said, low to mid-single-digit comps, mid-single-digit expansion of operating income throughout the year, and that's going to flow through to high single-digit EPS with very strong return in invested capital. So we feel really confident about our outlook for the second quarter and the full year, recognizing it's still early. We're sitting here in May. But we're off to a very good start. The guest is responding incredibly well to our merchandising offerings, our owned brands, our fulfillment options. And we're going to continue to stay very focused on execution each and every week of the year. 
Brian Cornell: I'll go back to some of the point that John Mulligan's made. Clearly, as we talk to the consumer, we talk to the guest, we know how important convenience and speed is, and that's why several years ago, we made the decision to put our stores at the center of our fulfillment strategy. And you're seeing that pay off right now. Obviously, we're seeing a growing desire for our guest to take advantage of some of our same-day services and very strong growth with order online, pickup in store, Drive-Up, take advantage of over 100,000 Shipt shoppers that can bring that order to your home within hours. But -- and as we look at the benefits of shipping from our stores, even today, on any given day, upwards of 50% of our orders are delivered next day, and it's using our stores and their proximity as that advantage in our overall strategy. So we think we're very well positioned today. We're leveraging the fact that we're so, so close to the guest with our 1,851 locations, and ease and convenience as a big part of our strategy. So John, I don't know if there's anything else you'd add. But I think our decision years ago to put our stores at the center of our fulfillment strategy is paying off with accelerated growth up over 42%, tremendous growth in order online, pickup in stores and dramatic acceleration in areas like Drive-Up. 
Brian Cornell: As we sit here today, we're very, very pleased with the overall basket performance. But what's happening is we're seeing acceleration in traffic. The guests are simply shopping us more frequently, and we're meeting more of their needs each and every day. So I think the most important barometer is we're putting great traffic growth on top of strong traffic growth from last year. I think the 2-year stack on traffic is 8%. And we're seeing the guest engaged in more categories, shopping more often. And we're really pleased with the composition of our overall results. So we're going to continue to build off of that. Guests are responding well to the offerings that we're bringing each and every week. And we're driving more footsteps to our stores and business to our site, and we're going to continue to leverage that in the second quarter and beyond. 
Brian Cornell: So going back to last year, we made some very specific surgical decisions to invest in inventory, specifically in categories like Toys and Baby and holiday as we are preparing for the season. So we did incur some of those challenges you just talked about. It was very strategic, very specific to categories, and we feel like we're in a very strong position from an inventory standpoint as we go into the second quarter and the balance of the year.  Operator, with that, we're going to close our first quarter earnings call. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you later in the year.
Catherine Smith: Sarah, I'll quickly answer that. This is Cathy. As we said on the -- in the prepared remarks, we did see some favorability in our tech operations. As you know, they continue to be working on just the most important things and then being really effective and efficient in their work. So that's providing some benefit. We saw some general cost control across the entire company. We saw some marketing timing, and we saw that being offset by some of the wage pressure we were seeing. All of that said, plus 30 basis points improvement in year-over-year SG&A. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. Let me start. So for second quarter, we said that we would see slight leverage in our operating income margin, so just a little bit there, and relatively small changes in all 3 of the subcomponents, so think gross margin, SG&A and depreciation. So pretty much just a pretty consistent quarter where we're already expecting to be supported by that top line of low to mid-single digit. And then it'll end up in a mid-single-digit increase in op income dollars. So pretty much consistent with what we just said. 
Catherine Smith: I think to summarize there, too, we just grew digital at 42%. And we grew op income dollar and rate both expanded. 
Catherine Smith: Michael, this is Cathy. Maybe I'll just answer, too, to be clear that the anticipated 25% increase that will go in place in June is contemplated in our guidance. So to be clear there. And then you had asked the question, and Brian and John should answer, too, but on converting our basket or converting those same-day services. And as we shared, we're seeing a lot of incrementality in those same-day services. And as the kind of fact that's pretty amazing is the 80% increase in Order Pickup while we're well into that journey. That just shows that we're deepening our relationship and being more relevant for our guests so that they're choosing Target more often as we provide convenience and ease. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think the thing we're most excited about in the digital business, Sarah, is that just guest preference, as we observe it, the fastest-growing things -- the fastest-growing services we provide are in same day, that's Order Pickup, Drive-Up and Shipt. Those are also our most profitable services that we provide through the digital channel. So as they continue to grow meaningfully faster than the rest of digital, we expect our digital profitability to improve. So we're really excited because the guest preference is meeting up with exactly the capabilities we have, and they happen to be the most economically feasible for us going forward. 
John Mulligan: And I think, Chuck, stepping back from perhaps the basis points of gross margin. I think we've been very consistent in saying that we see great benefit in using the stores as hubs. I think that's where we see we're able to bring great speed to our consumers. Same day, we just talked about that. Next day, 2 day, whatever it is, we can do all that through the stores. It's faster and it's more efficient for us from an economic perspective. So we feel really good about the path we're on. We feel great that same day is growing much, much faster than digital and the benefits that will bring to us economically. So we think we've got a really good path forward to continue to build on what we've already built from a capabilities perspective. 
John Mulligan: Yes. Robbie, I think the first thing I'd say is we are investing payroll into the stores to take care of the fulfillment that is going on. The one thing we don't want to do, and we have been clear about this, is pull payroll off the sales floor to take care of what's going on in the backroom. So we have put additional payroll in the backroom. And of course, that payroll gets reclassed to gross margins because it is part of our fulfillment expense.  But to Brian's point, I think the other thing the stores team has done an outstanding job of is continuing to refine their processes and introduce new tools that allow our teams to get more efficient, particularly in backroom operations, logistics of the store. So we're able to pull hours out of there, either let them fall to the bottom line or, more importantly, we have reinvested a significant amount of those hours back into the sales floor to create a better service environment. And we'll continue to work on that. The stores have great plans. They continue to do that. As we do more upstream and supply chain, we will continue to pull those back office, backroom logistics kinds of hours out of the store, either centralize them upstream and make them more efficient or process optimize them, bring better tools from our technology partners to the stores so that they get better and better. And that's a loop that we've been on for quite some time. So the stores teams, the technology teams have done an outstanding job of continuing to manage our overall store expense. 
John Mulligan: I think Cathy hit on it, Michael, that certainly, when people come in for pickup in-store drives traffic. A percentage of them go on and buy something else in the store. But our focus really is on being true to the mission that they have. If it is Drive-Up, we give them bag and they're on their way, and we're not going to bother them with a sales pitch. If pickup, they want to get in and out, that's great, too. And then when they come to store, and they get their Starbucks and they work the whole racetrack, we'll provide a great set of experiences there. So we want to meet them wherever they are, and to Cathy's point, continue to drive that engagement with Target. 
