Cara Sylvester: There's a lot of good to see here. But it's not just what the guest sees, it's also about what's happening behind the scenes that makes all guests feel seen. We're partnering with diverse content creators in new ways from production crews to on-site catering in front of and behind the camera. Every part of the marketing ecosystem reflects our forward values. And this is so important. We are walking the walk in terms of our investments. By the end of the year, we're committing 5% of our annual media spend to Black-owned media partners and another 5% to Hispanic-owned media partners. Because equity, opportunity and inclusivity are core to who we are, they show up authentically in our omnichannel experience, and our guests are responding to that.  This guest feels seen. In stationery, she feels a sense of belonging and inclusion when she holds a heartfelt message in Braille. And we brought him joy. Let's close with his journey.  [Presentation] 
Cara Sylvester: So no matter where you look in our omnichannel experience up at the Cat & Jack sign in store or online, the relevant connections we have with our guests are making a positive difference in their lives within our communities and for our business, and we're never going to stop.  Now I'm delighted to introduce my friend and team member, John Mulligan. 
Cara Sylvester: Absolutely. And it's in lockstep with our merchant partners. And our marketplace is truly differentiated because it is invite-only, and it will remain invite-only as we think through who are the right trusted partners that we are looking to actually complement our assortment with. And then just a comment on your Roundel question, similar story there. That growth that I talked about of getting to $1 billion is largely with our vendor partners who are finding incredible value within the guest data and insights that we have. And we see a lot of headroom to grow with those trusted vendor partners as we think through the coming years ahead. 
John Mulligan: The ongoing investments in our supply chain are designed to keep our stores at the center of how we serve our guests. Just as important are the continued investments we make in the physical stores themselves. Since 2017, we've completed top-to-bottom remodels across nearly half our chain, bringing even more inspiration to the store environment while helping our team more effectively support online fulfillment.  This year, we'll remodel around 200 stores and keep that pace in the years that follow. And these aren't the same remodels we are rolling out when we started. Each year, our architects and construction crews update our plans to keep raising the bar on retail design. And our guests continue to tell us they like what they see. Following a remodel, traffic gains across the store helped drive an average 2% to 4% sales lift in year 1 and another 1% to 2% lift in year 2.  As our full store program continues, we'll also invest in hundreds of smaller projects to support growing in-store partnerships, including Ulta Beauty, Disney and Starbucks, and they make store fulfillment even easier for our team. As we invest in existing -- in our existing store portfolio, we'll continue to open around 30 new stores a year. For the better part of the last decade, our store growth has been driven by small formats. With a more flexible footprint, these stores have enabled us to enter new markets and reach more guests.  This year, we'll keep going, opening doors in iconic sites, from the historic streets of Charleston, South Carolina to the buzzing energy of Times Square. At the same time, small isn't always got planned. But our store is now more productive than ever. There are benefits to a bigger box. And given the favorable real estate market, these sites are available at attractive deals. I'm not talking about our largest store formats, though they continue to do extremely well for us. I'm talking about midsized stores, 2 to 3x bigger than our small formats. These sites are built in dense neighborhoods with enough room for a traditional store experience and digital fulfillment, helping us bring Target closer to even more guests.  This versatility is another example of how we built a flexible operation to support our growth. Ten years ago, we designed and built 2 store formats: large and larger. Today, we have the opportunity to open and operate stores in spaces of any size so we can meet our guests wherever they are. This year, we'll open stores ranging from 14,000 square feet to 10x that size, using that flexibility to design shopping experiences that best meet the needs of each local community.  And before I hand it over to Mark, I'll close with how I started with our team. You heard it from Brian and Jen, our store director in Wisconsin, "We're still in the early days of our growth strategy." And it's our team, continuing to accelerate capabilities and build trust with our guests that will keep Target growing well into the future. As we've invested in their growth, from wages and benefits that you heard about today, to education, skill training and career progression, internal surveys show our team's engagement, morale and confidence in Target's future remain strong. That stability has led to better guest service, more collaboration, and as Brian said, a finer ability to flex, adapt and navigate the new challenges of being a bigger, stronger Target.  When we take care of our team, they take care of our guests, proof that Target's culture will power our strategy to deliver ease, inspiration and joy for our guests for years to come. Take a look.  [Presentation] 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think that's right there. I mean you hit on what the 2 big drivers are. One is scale. And as we get bigger, there's benefits that flow through the individual store P&L. First of all, they're leveraging all the fixed stuff. That's the easy-peasy part, but everything becomes more efficient. When we go from $40 million to $55 million, we may only add one truck a week to that store or 2 trucks a week. We don't double the number of trucks that a store has to work. So you gain efficiency there in the backroom as you're moving inventory to the front of the store. Things like that just create efficiency. Again, once you're out on the floor and stocking goods, if you're a $40 million or $55 million store, that doesn't change. You're out on the floor. If I put 2 on the shelf or 3 on the shelf, nothing really changes there. There's a marginal amount of incremental work, right? So those are the little things that create additional scale in our hourly payroll, which, of course, is the biggest expense we have. That flows down through the entire P&L. And then, of course, Michael talked about our same-day fulfillment and our ship-to-home fulfillment. We have improved individually each of those paths to the guests. Each one of those services, the cost structure and the mix helps us because the most -- the best NPS scores, the ones our guests like the best are same-day services, which are the most efficient as we've been talking about for a long time. And then you layer on sort centers where we said -- and look, we've had this open for 14 months, just 14 months, and we already said it's way cheaper than what we were already doing. So there's some -- I mean you've seen us do it over the last 5 years, continue to hone processes and improve them, Mark and his team, improving the pathing, improving the pick, improving the prep, improving the pack. That's a lot to say, improving all 3 of those. And we'll do that all over again with sort centers. So so much runway for us to continue to drive efficiency and bring expense out and continue to invest in service on the floor at the store, just a huge opportunity for us. 
John Mulligan: Yes. Well, first, let me be clear. We will open up big stores if we find opportunities to open up big stores. No question. We're going to open a 144,000-square-foot store this year. We're excited about that. So we'll keep doing that. We went from big to small, almost exclusively small, 15,000, 20,000, 25,000, maybe 30,000. Those are great sites. We'll continue to do that. We love those, one just a few blocks from here soon. What we're saying there's this middle ground that we haven't really built in the past. And Brian and I have walked in those. We built some 60,000, 70,000, 80,000, even 90,000-square-foot stores, a lot of old Kmarts. Love them. They're big enough that you get the entire Target experience, but the backroom is big enough so that we can do all of our digital fulfillment as well. So we get this great middle ground between the 2. And I think our message today is we can do all of that. Over the past few years, between our properties team, store design, construction, Christina's merchant team because assorting these stores is critical, getting the right assortment for the neighborhood to serve that community is incredibly important. We can do all of that. And so there are these opportunities now out there where you can get into a dense urban neighborhood, a dense suburban neighborhood with a 90,000-square-foot store, great. We'll do that all day long. I think the sort center, the great thing about that is it gets stuff out of the backroom faster. Much like we want to get the inventory on to the front of the store, which Mark's team has done an outstanding job over the last 2 years, we want the boxes out of the backroom. All of that creates capacity in the backroom, more pack stations, more volume, keep it moving, just keep things moving. And that's why the sort centers are so important to that strategy. But we'll do whatever from an opening perspective. 
John Mulligan: I think the other thing I'd add on is as inventory turns increase with scale, you just push things through faster. Speed and flow of inventory is the key to the whole game, like we were just talking about with Robby. And as that happens, we see it in our largest stores, they just move inventory. It's constantly moving through. It shows up at night. It's out the store the next day. That's capacity. You're just moving inventory. So a lot of headroom for growth from that perspective. 
John Mulligan: Joe, you know us better than that. We will -- by the end of next week or next month, we will have 6 of them open. We're thinking probably 5 more later this year. And of course, part of this little unknown, same supply chain problems that have impacted our ability to remodel and open new stores, things are slower, permits are slower, everything slower. We'll see. But that's where we're headed. And we think there's an opportunity over the next 4 or 5 years to continue to build at least that pace, perhaps a little bit faster. But when you look at the major or urban areas across the country, lots of opportunity. And I wouldn't say, in the case of many cities, it will not be just one per city. Just the way you navigate some cities and the way they're carved up makes that harder to do. And so the opportunity for us to do several in the city is there for us. But that's all down the road. So you'll see us continue to build into it. 
Brian Cornell: We began this meeting talking about our path: 5 years, from $70 billion to $106 billion. We took you through our present, our strengths, our enablers and our culture of care. Now I'd like to talk about our future. We see a growth horizon for years to come. We will continue to invest in our strategies. We'll continue to invest in our capabilities. We'll continue to nurture a team that cares, cares about work that has purpose, cares about work that has meaning. We are growing teams that embrace our commitment to their career growth and development, our commitment to competitive pay and benefits, our commitment to being a premier American brand, our commitment to growing teams that care. Yes, we have the team and we have the strategy. We are 100% focused on the needs of American consumers. We have some of the most innovative and guest-centric capabilities in retail. We have a balance sheet that is the envy of the industry. And we have a record of cash generation you can count on, provide incredible value to our stakeholders. Yes, as we look at the growth horizon in front of us, we see many opportunities. As we move forward, we'll stay focused on helping our guests navigate through continued uncertainty with what's happening in the world around us, the pandemic and the macroeconomic environment. This includes the highest inflation in decades and the gradual loosening of supply chain bottlenecks. We'll stay focused on delivering value and affordability to our guests. We know how to deliver exceptional value and manage profitability. We can protect prices whenever possible. We can offer an unbeatable range of owned and national brands across our portfolio categories. We can bake value into our assortment, and we'll work with our vendor partners from sourcing to production to shipping. We'll ensure that those prices we offer will always be among the best in American retail. We have a strong record of thoughtful investment in supply chain and innovation. We provide a competitive advantage by keeping our stores stocked and our digital orders filled. We have the flexibility we need to contain with constraints so we can keep growing and thriving in any environment. And above all, we have the team. A few days ago, I visited several Minnesota stores. I was impressed with the Ulta Beauty displays, with our Disney shops, with our Apple stores, but what impressed me most was a team member who came up to me and said, "Brian, I'm so proud to be working at Target. I'm proud of how you're handling the pandemic. I'm proud to be part of the Target team." We have a team that's committed to making Target of the future even better, the Target of the future even stronger and the Target of the future even more caring. For everyone who's listening today, including our teams across the globe, know we're already working to determine the best way to support humanitarian efforts for the people of Ukraine. As we have throughout the last couple of years, we'll rally our team, put our resources to work to support families through these challenging times. And with that, I'm going to ask all of our speakers to join me on stage, and we'll start taking your questions. 
Brian Cornell: All right. As we get started, I would ask you to wait for a microphone. Please introduce yourself. While you can see us, however, it's a challenging time seeing you. So I'll look for a show of hands. We've got one right up front. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. And Chris, I'll give you a sense for how we run the business each and every day. And I can tell you, this team spends hours each week looking at share by category across our markets to make sure that we have the plans in place to constantly be taking share as we go forward. So there's lots of different metrics we look at as a team. I would tell you this team spends a tremendous amount of time looking at share, share opportunities, building plans to make sure the over $10 billion of share we've gained in the last couple of years is something that we continue to move forward as the years go by. So we are very focused on share, and our guidance will certainly be a company that continues to take share across the entire multi-category portfolio both in stores and from a digital standpoint. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. And Michael, I might focus on 4 areas as we sit here today. One, for those of you who have been attending these meetings over the last 3, 4 or 5 years, whether in person or from a virtual standpoint, one, I think the consistency of our strategy is critically important. And I think we've got great alignment across the organization. As Christina mentioned, from a capability standpoint, we're still in some of the early days. As much as we've been talking about remodeling stores, John Mulligan going all the way back to a meeting in 2015, we've touched about half the chain. We've got another thousand stores that we're going to touch going forward. We're very excited about the pipeline of new stores. And as John talked about, various size stores that allow us to maximize share opportunities in these catchments. From a same-day fulfillment standpoint, while we're very excited about the progress we made, Rick and Mark can talk about the potential upside as we think about temperature-controlled products going through Drive Up and pickup. So in so many areas from a own brand standpoint, from a national brand standpoint, rolling out these partnerships that we talked about a lot today, but many of them are still in limited locations. There's tremendous upside there. We think as we continue to build out our circle and our connection with our guests, there's continued upsized opportunities there. So a consistent strategy, capabilities that are still maturing, but I'll come back to the importance of our team and culture and the investments we've been making. And those are only going to strengthen our business model over time. The one point that perhaps we didn't call out specifically that I think is really a hallmark of Target today is we combine that focus on strategy and building capabilities and investing in our team and culture with a team that's focused on execution. And if you look at the results, how we got from $70 billion to $106 billion, yes, the strategy was critically important. And listening to the guests as we formulate that strategy was incredibly valuable. The capability certainly allowed us to accelerate during the pandemic. Those investments in team and culture, they have supported us throughout the pandemic. But this is a team that's been executing every day from a store standpoint, from a digital standpoint, category by category. And Michael, I think our execution will only improve in the out-years, which gives me tremendous confidence in the future growth and market share opportunities we will capture. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, I might ask John Mulligan to just spend a few minutes just talking about the benefits of scale. And as we've added almost $28 billion to our system, we talked about -- John talked about some of the highlights of -- our average store has added $15 million of growth. And those scale benefits and efficiency help fuel our business going forward. So John, you may want to highlight some of the benefits from an operational standpoint. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, just to build on that. I might ask Mark Schindele to start, just talk about some of the benefits that he's seeing because of that scale and the growth in store operations. And then Rick, one of the areas where I think we've seen a significant change in scale is in Food & Beverage. It's a $20 billion company now. And because of that growth rate and the change in our turns, particularly in fresh foods, there's enormous benefits that we're deriving. So Mark, why don't you start from a store standpoint with a few examples? And then, Rick, I think you can walk through some of the benefits we're seeing because of the increased volume we're seeing in stores, the increased turns and just the productivity we're gaining today. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. I'll take this one. We get this question all the time. And certainly, I will never say never. But for today, as we look at the opportunities that we have right here in the United States, we're going to stay very focused on the foreseeable future, executing our plans, building on our momentum and investing in the United States before we start to think about any type of future international expansion.  All right. We got one right back here to the left. 
Brian Cornell: Cara, why don't I ask you to start with some highlights on Roundel. And Michael, maybe you can fill in the blanks from a financial standpoint. 
Brian Cornell: Rick, why don't you start from a food standpoint, and then we'll come back to some of the consumer trends we're seeing right now. 
Brian Cornell: And from a consumer standpoint, I'll start and I'll let Christina jump in. Let's go back to what we saw in the fourth quarter. And obviously, we saw comps up 9%, but it was driven by great traffic. And we saw a pretty balanced growth between both physical stores and digital. So we're clearly seeing a guest than a consumer who's shopping in both channels. As we sit here today, we're listening very closely to the consumer. And if there's anything, I think, we've learned over the last 2 years, it's just the resiliency we're seeing in the U.S. consumer environment. But specifically, we know consumers are still worried about COVID, yet they're looking for that touch of normal in their lives. And we saw that play out during the Super Bowl. Rick talked about some of the results we delivered. But that consumer and the Target guests, they wanted to be together with friends and family for the first time in a couple of years to enjoy the Super Bowl. We know we've got a consumer who is looking for value. But as Christina noted, they're looking for newness as well. And anything new is exciting and showing up in that basket. There's clearly inflationary concerns that are starting to pop up in the conversation. But it's still a U.S. consumer with a pretty healthy balance sheet. So we're going to have to watch this carefully. We know March, April are going to be important time frames as the consumer overlaps, some stimulus checks and child care. So we're taking a cautious approach to the first quarter. But we continue to see a very resilient consumer who has a solid balance sheet and is balancing that desire for value and concerns with inflation with a desire to find something new and just go back out and experience everyday life. 
Brian Cornell: So I'll wrap up from here. And I want to start by thanking all of you for joining us in person. We've really been looking forward to this. It's been a long couple of years. I hope you walk away with a clear sense of our direction as a company, the strategies that will guide us going forward, the capabilities we'll continue to invest in, the important role that our team will play and the unique culture that I believe really defines and separates us from many of our peers. So I hope you leave recognizing we are committed to being a growth company, one that is a profitable growth company for years to come, great stewards of capital and will provide great returns for shareholders. But I really appreciate your time, your engagement today. And we look forward to seeing you again in person next year. So thanks for joining us. Stay well. Stay safe. We hope to see you again soon.
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. As we think about the long-term algorithm, comp growth will certainly be the biggest driver there. Where that lands in a given year, might be up or down. But I'll tell you, we expect to be a business that continues to grow and gain share year-over-year. The investments we're making are to drive outsized growth, and that should come with share gains. 
Michael Fiddelke: I think your question grabbed about all the different variables there, Chris. So I'll do my best to summarize. The shape of profit for the year will be like we described, where you could expect it to build over the course of the year. When it comes to markdowns specifically, there's some markdowns that we've been rooting for returning. To be better in stock with stronger inventory levels means a few more clearance markdowns, and we're planning for that outcome in the upcoming year. When it comes to promotional markdowns, we should realize some sustained benefits in markdown efficiency as we've gotten bigger, and we'll stay close to the competitive environment to make sure that we're priced right every day and that we're competitive on promotion as well. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. The only thing I might tack on to that is the algorithm contemplates those investments. The CapEx we're putting to work, the way we've described operating margin and the fuel we can create to reinvest in the business. Growth doesn't just happen, you have to invest in it. The algorithm contemplates that. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. I touched on this a little bit in my remarks. You can think about $1 billion as kind of the size of the total Roundel business. And there's a piece of that, that shows up in other revenue and there's a piece of that, that helps us out on the gross margin line, too. But you'll notice, we don't describe it as some separate other business. Cara's point on it starts first with our guests. When we can solve for a guest problem arm in arm with a business partner, that creates value in total. And part of that is captured in that $1 billion, part of that is captured in a better guest experience overall. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. So John has talked in the past about the capacity we have to continue growing in stores. And the thing I'd come back to there is we've seen over the last couple of years how well stores and stores as hubs scale. I mean we've got productivity gains and productivity per foot gains across the chain. It's actually true that the biggest stores generated the biggest productivity gains over the last few years. And so that speaks to the headroom we're creating. We know the throughput we can get in stores. And if you kind of go through quartile by quartile in our stores, that implies we've got a lot of stores that could get a lot bigger before they tap out. And so we feel really good about the opportunity to keep growing the business. But stores as hubs is the thing that enables so much of that capacity. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. I think the last 2 years are pretty instructive. The rate growth we saw over the last 2 years came from scale benefits. That's a more sustainable version of rate growth. But to be clear, that's not the number in the P&L we're optimizing for. It's profit dollar growth over time. We'd expect to find the fuel to fund the investments to power the top line, and that's kind of the thing that's at the heart of the algorithm. But when we see sustainable rate growth, we'll welcome it just like you saw over the last couple of years. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. I don't know if my crystal ball is that clear, Greg. But the story that we've really seen most recent quarter to start with is the incredible growth in traffic. There's some puts and takes in basket, but virtually all of our growth in Q4 came from traffic. So we'll -- as you heard today, we'll continue to be focused on protecting value and making sure that our price position is strong, and that's working. It's leading to deepening engagements, it's leading to more trips to Target. And so where exactly AUR lands over the course of the year, I think, is going to be a journey we'll all take together, and we'll see. But traffic has been the story for us. 
A. Hennington: Yes, I'd be happy to. First of all, we have seen a sustained growth over a multiyear period. That's been led across the entirety of the portfolio. We've seen this past year alone double-digit growth in every single one of our key 5 merchandising areas. The other thing is, and Cara talked about this quite a bit, but the depth of engagement of the consumer leading to more trip frequency is what we believe will have continued sustainable growth, let alone all the initiatives we talked about. We're just in the beginning of our rollout of some of these national brand partnerships that are adding meaningful productivity, trip consolidation and opportunity for growth. So it's a paradigm that we've seen proven out over the last 2 years and is continuing to give us the confidence that that's going to drive growth going forward. 
A. Hennington: I think that's really well said. And you'd be surprised at how quickly those ebb and flow week by week as the consumer went through so much change over the year. And I think that's where the breadth of our multi-category portfolio has played to our advantage that, whether it's a mask they're looking for or Xbox or it's a new spring dress, we've been able to be there for them in all those moments. 
A. Hennington: Yes. First and foremost, our point of view on assortment is all about curation. It's making sure that we understand the consumer and that we can craft an assortment that starts with a balance of really well-designed, high-quality and value owned brands, coupled with the leading national brands that consumers would expect to find. By having a curated assortment, it fuels the stores-as-hubs model because there isn't this long extension that we have to fulfill from other parts of the network. We're using the inventory base of the stores, which creates efficiencies, which creates speed, which creates lower costs. Additionally, we think it's a guest benefit. The ability to navigate the assortment and navigate the paradox of choice is real. And so creating options that are much more relevant in a more tight environment is important to us, and that extends to our marketplace. And so Cara can talk a little bit more about how we think about that, but it's really a complement hand in glove. 
