Brian Cornell: Thanks, Michael. Before we move to your questions, I want to take a few minutes to reinforce why we're confident in the ability of our team and our durable business model to successfully navigate today's volatile environment and deliver continued profitable market share growth in the years ahead.  As Michael covered, even as elevated costs put meaningful pressure on our near-term financial performance, our business today remains profitable and very healthy, and it continues to grow. Since the first quarter of 2019, both our revenue on the top line and our EPS on the bottom line have each grown by more than 40%. Underlying that growth, we benefited from strong increases in both guest traffic and average ticket over the last 3 years, meaning the guests have found more reasons to visit our stores and our site and purchase more when they shop. This is the definition of a durable business model, one that can stand up to the unexpected pressures and remain healthy and growing.  When I think about the critical drivers of our long-term success, there are 2 things that rise to the top of that list: our team; and the relationship we've developed with our guests. And when I think about the quality of our team, I don't believe that it's ever been better.  Over the last 5 years, we've made significant, purposeful investments to ensure we're hiring, elevating and retaining the best team in retail. These investments begin with paying benefits. But we've also found new ways to enhance the work experience and provide pathways for advancements, all in keeping with our Target forward goals to create an equitable and inclusive workforce and workplace. So even as we work tirelessly to restore our business to its long-term profitability, you should expect us to continue investing in our team, because we'll never achieve our longer potential without them.  We have the same perspective regarding relationships with our guests. Over the last 5 years, we've made a number of deliberate decisions that were designed to deepen the relationship between Target and our guests. These decisions have resulted in ever-increasing traffic, translating to growth on both the top line and the bottom.  So in the quarter just ended, when our team was facing potential trade-offs between a guest experience and incurring short-term costs, I am proud to say that they maintained their focus on the guest experience. That's because our team is laser-focused on our long-term financial performance, which depends on building and maintaining an ever-deepening relationships with our guests.  So with that, I want to thank you for listening into our call today. And now Christina, John, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Karen, as we stand in front of you and others in March, we did not anticipate the rapid shifts we've seen over the last 60 days. We did not anticipate that transportation and freight costs would soar the way they have as fuel prices have risen to all-time highs. While we were certainly anticipating the impact of overlapping stimulus and consumer and guest returning to more normal activities, we did not expect to see the dramatic shift in many categories that we've talked about, the shift from categories like TVs to luggage, from small appliances to toys, and guests celebrating, being out with friends. That certainly impacted our business in the first quarter, and we expect that to continue in Q2. And we certainly didn't anticipate the impact that would have on our supply chain costs.  So things changed rapidly after we stood on stage in New York. We own that. It's what we're adjusting as we build our plans for the balance of the year. And we're committed to improving our operating performance over the second, third and fourth quarter and getting ourselves back on track for a more normalized environment in 2023. 
Brian Cornell: Karen, just finished my -- one of the things that hasn't changed since we were together in March and gives us great confidence as we go forward is the relationship we have with the guest. While we've certainly seen significant cost pressures since the start of this quarter, the guest continues to reward us with footsteps in our stores and growing traffic, more visits to our site. We feel very good about putting over 3% comps on top of 23% last year. The fact that traffic grew by almost 4% on top of 17% last year gives us great confidence that while we're facing some operating challenges, we've made that invisible for the guests. And we protected the guest experience as they shop our stores and visit our site.  That gives us tremendous confidence that, that guest will continue to reward us, particularly as we provide great value and affordability during a time of need. So that continues to give us confidence, not in just this year, but in our out-year forecast. 
Brian Cornell: Well, Scott, obviously, we're watching this on almost a daily basis. And while we can't project into the future, I wish I had that crystal ball in front of me, we can tell you what we saw during the quarter and the start of May, where we just continue to see a resilient consumer. Our traffic numbers are up to start the second quarter. They're shopping multiple categories. And they're appreciating both the newness that we're providing, the seasonal relevance in our stores and in our assortment and the value we're providing. And we think that's critically important to our success over time.  So I'd love to give you an outlook on what's going to happen with the consumer and how do they respond to ongoing inflationary pressure. But I can tell you, the traffic we saw in our stores and the visits in our site in the first quarter, the way that's continuing in May 1 tells us that we've built extraordinary trust over the last couple of years. And we're continuing to be rewarded by a guest and the consumer as we work into the second quarter. 
Brian Cornell: Well, Scott, we work each and every day to make sure we're finding efficiency throughout our operation. And certainly, coming out of the first quarter, we are doubling down on finding operating efficiencies and greater effectiveness in the organization. We know we've got to be really agile. And I think it's been one of our strengths over the last few years and certainly pronounced during the pandemic, that we have to be able to respond to a changing environment, whether it's the consumer changes, the economic changes around us.  And we'll continue to make sure we're focusing on agility, maintaining that relationship with the guests, growing market share even in a volatile environment and making sure we just deepen that relationship with our guests, which we think, long term, along with investing in our team, is the most successful way for us to create value for our shareholders. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Joe, we absolutely are looking at this very carefully. And you should expect us to surgically pass along cost where appropriate. But we're also laser-focused on protecting our value position in this environment and making sure we provide great affordability to the guests in a time of need.  So we'll take a very balanced perspective on that. But I think we've got to start with doing the right thing for our guests and making sure we continue to provide the value that they look for from Target each and every day while we manage the cost environment and determine where and when we can pass along costs selectively. 
Brian Cornell: All right. Operator, with that, we're going to conclude our call today. I really appreciate everyone participating. And we look forward to talking to you soon. So thank you.
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. We still got some inventory to work through. And so you saw some of that pain in Q1. And our gross margin guidance of Q2 of operating -- or sorry, our operating margin guidance of a 5.3%, give or take, a wide range around that, contemplates the work we still think we have to do on the inventory side in the second quarter. Importantly, we believe taking those actions in Q1 and Q2 set us up well for the balance of the year. We've got some big important seasons in front of us: back to school, back to college. It will be fall and holiday before we know it, and so we're taking the right actions now to preserve a guest experience that continues to be strong. You saw it in traffic in Q1, and we're excited about what we see as a start of Q2 on the top line as well. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. You hit on 2 of the bigger factors that will be at play in the back half of the year. As we've discussed, we see about $1 billion of freight and transportation pressure, outside of what we would describe even at the start of Q1. But we do expect, and we continue to take product in early intentionally to protect against supply chain disruption. We expect to see some offset as we don't anniversary the same level of air freight that we saw in the back half of the year.  When it comes to mix, I mentioned in my remarks about a 10 basis point drag from margin rate mix. The biggest shift from a category perspective is just the change in some of the categories at the top of the guest shopping list. And some of those categories where we've got some inventory to work through are the ones we'll work through in the first half of the year, and will be better positioned heading into the second half. 
Michael Fiddelke: You hit the nail on the head in your question. The sustainability of scale benefits, especially as you've seen in SG&A leverage, that should be sticky, and we would expect it to be sticky. We've got some work to do on the margin line, and Q1 and Q2 outlook reflects that. But as we work through some of that inventory liability, as we let the levers we have to pull react to the current environment, to Brian's note, some of that snuck up on us in the first quarter, and we'll work through some of that over time. But we continue to have a lot of confidence that the long-term run rate of profitability for the business is in the 8% range, give or take. And it's our work to do the hard work to get back to that path. 
Michael Fiddelke: Sure. Thanks for the question, Kate. As we shared in remarks, the headline story for us is traffic growth. But if you -- as you decompose ticket, we did see a low single digit increase in ASPs, offset by a reduction in units per basket. As you've heard us probably say many times before, a lot goes into that ASP number. It's a little bit product mix, it's a little bit how much inflation is in the environment. And so a little trickier to decompose there, but that's just a little more color on what we saw in the basket.  We continue to be laser-focused on that traffic number. That's a great indicator for us of how -- what we're doing is resonating with the guests and to continue growing the top line by growing and deepening engagement with Target. That positions us well for the back part of the year, and that positions us to have the top line that we want as we rightsize the profit picture over time. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. There's -- I mean, obviously, there's a lot of factors at play as we look at Q2 and the balance of the year. I think we used the language, we wouldn't expect it to be normal for the balance of this year. So our best view of those factors is in our Q2 guide of 5.3%, plus or minus, a wide range around that, and in our guide of 6% for the year. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. You're certainly pointing in the right direction there, Joe. We've given the kind of explicit expectations for Q2, but implied in the full year is an improving profitability picture that will come through margin in the balance of the year. To focus on the annual in the long run there is a theme that I've come back to over and over. Quarterly margin is going to have more volatility than one might think. But in the long run, we're pleased with what we see as the potential of the profitability of the business. And we'll be on a path in the back half of this year to take steps in that direction for sure. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes, Ed. The -- it's a good question. There's a few things going on if you look at the level of inventory on our balance sheet. One is we've got some categories where we need to work through some inventories. We've already talked about that piece. There's a little bit of product cost inflation sitting in that number, too. But I will say, given our desire to make sure we're landing some product earlier and protect against supply chain volatility, for the near term here, you should expect kind of that new normal of sales growth to inventory growth to include some working capital investments as we land some of that product sooner to make sure we've got it for the guest.  And so those are the 3 big factors that we're watching. Obviously, the first of those factors, we'll work to make some progress on here in the second quarter to get us in line with what we expect sales trends to look like for the back part of the year. But old normal might not be the current run rate in the near term as we work to secure product, land it early and avoid some of the disruptions that have caused out of stocks over the last year. 
Michael Fiddelke: We feel good about the gross margin performance in grocery. And just Food & Beverage in general has been such a steady top line grower, share gainer quarter after quarter. And so the strength that we've built in that category, I think, makes the economics in Food & Beverage work in the right direction. We've talked a lot, and I think it's important as we think about consumer looking for value, the strength of the owned brands in Food & Beverage, Good & Gather and Favorite Day and the guest response we've seen to those 2 owned brands has just been incredible. And that's great from a guest preference perspective. It's also good for margin. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. We're obviously looking at that across all categories and making sure that we're providing great value to our guests in spite of those inflationary cost pressures. No different approach in food and beverage, where we're looking to get that balance right there, too. 
Michael Fiddelke: So it's always a little bit of a mix of both when we're doing our job, right? But the thing that we come back to when it comes to driving traffic is just driving deeper and deeper engagement. And you've heard us talk in the past with over 100 million Target Circle guests. That's just one more way that we can continue to drive preference in a personalized way and build deeper and deeper engagement with Target over time.  And you can see that coming through in the traffic results we see, not just in this quarter, but over the past couple of years. And that gives us a lot of optimism that what we're doing is resonating with the guests, and that should bode well for the balance of the year and beyond. 
