Brian Cornell: Before we turn to your questions, I want to recap what we've covered today, including our view of our business, the environment and both our near-term and long-term prospects.  Our view of the consumer and the environment remains the same as 90 days ago, and we're pleased that Q1 results were firmly in line with our expectations. While we won't be satisfied until we return to growth, we're encouraged by the meaningful progress we've seen in recent quarters.  These positive indicators include improving top line trends, resumption of digital growth in the first quarter, led by double-digit growth in Drive Up, continued growth in our Beauty category and a meaningful improvement in our Apparel comp in Q1. These trends reinforce our confidence that we're on the right track and positioned to get back to growth in Q2.   Our team is doing an outstanding job in a complicated environment, planning prudently while staying agile and responsive. Our guests are responding to newness throughout our assortment and continuing to turn to us as they celebrate important seasonal moments. They appreciate our focus on value, and they're responding well to recent innovations in our loyalty offering and fulfillment services. They're also responding to continuous improvements in our shopping experience as our team doubles down on retail fundamentals like convenience and reliability.  At the same time, we're continuing to invest in the long term in new stores and existing stores, the digital shopping experience, our multi-category assortment, supply chain, technology and our rapidly growing Roundel ad business. And we're exploring new opportunities, including the potential to expand the scale and reach of our owned brands through wholesaling arrangements in markets we don't currently serve. And of course, we're continuing to focus on our team, on their pay, benefits, training and development, because they're the #1 differentiator of our brand.  And our efficiency efforts are providing extra fuel for all of these investments. As the team delivers incremental savings, based on the rapid growth we've seen over the last half decade, they've created additional capacity within our P&L to support robust investments in our business while also delivering stronger profitability over the last several quarters. These elements position us for continued progress over the remainder of the year and for profitable growth over time.  With that, we'll turn to Q&A. Now Michael, Christina and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Simeon, I think sitting here today, we've got a very balanced approach to performance in 2024. We are certainly not satisfied with our results in Q1, although they did meet the expectations we set back in March. We won't be satisfied until we see positive comps, and we've got to make sure we're delivering profitable growth along the way.  So as I look at the first quarter of the year, I think we see a number of green shoots emerging. And we certainly felt much better about the sequential improvement in traffic, getting back to positive digital growth for the first time in over a year, continued strength in services like Drive Up and categories like Beauty, and a very significant trend line improvement in apparel. Christina talked about a 400 basis point improvement.  We feel very good about the initial reaction from our guests to the relaunch of Target Circle. We think that's going to be an important traffic and growth driver over the balance of the year. And we continue to see very strong performance from Roundel, now our fastest-growing element in our revenue line.  So we want to balance that with a continued focus on operational efficiencies where we continue to see opportunities for profit improvement; managing inventory very effectively, once again in the quarter, down 7%; and an improvement in in-stocks, which is going to be vital to our performance over the balance of the year. So we think we've got a very balanced approach to making sure we're leading into the top line, while continuing to look at opportunities for greater efficiency and managing the fundamentals of the business. 
Brian Cornell: Simeon, one other point on Target Circle, and I know I talked about this, we talked about this more broadly in March. While we're excited about the launch or the relaunch that took place in April, this is going to be an ongoing effort each and every week for multiple years as we look to build the base program and build greater guest engagement, expand the use of the Circle Card and dramatically build membership for Target Circle 360, our approach to same-day delivery.  So I think it's got to be really clear that while we're excited about the relaunch and the initial reaction, adding 1 million new members, this is going to be an ongoing commitment every week of the year as we continue to use Target Circle as a way to build greater engagement with guests. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, we'll get out in front of some of the questions that might be on investors' minds regarding the price investments we announced earlier this week, and this is part of our ongoing focus on retail fundamentals. And you've heard us talk about this for a number quarters now. Michael talked about the great progress we're making on reliability and in-stocks. We want to make sure we continue to provide a great guest experience, leverage our proximity. And you see the way our guests continue to leverage services like Drive Up.  But affordability is an ongoing part of our playbook. It's embedded in our retail fundamentals. And you see that come to life in how we're merchandising our end caps where we use both our national and owned brands, including the launch of a new brand called dealworthy; the way we're leveraging Target Circle to make it even easier for our guests to get the best of Target every day.  So this is just an extension of our ongoing focus on affordability, which certainly, in this environment, we know value is critically important. And as we go into the summer season, and Christina talked about some of the great plans we have in place for the summer, we want to make sure America knows that Target is a great place to shop and we've got great value every time you engage, whether it's in-store or through our digital channels. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, I'll answer your last portion of that question. We expect to see those trends turn around in the second quarter, and that will be a quarter where we return to growth. And we'll see that fueled by the investments we're making in great assortments, in value and in a great guest experience. So we won't be satisfied until we see positive comps in the second quarter and over the balance of the year. 
Brian Cornell: And Rupesh, on the weather front, while we certainly see some volatile weather over the first quarter, that affects everyone in retail. And I feel really good about the way our store teams have responded, how our supply chain responds to some of the disruption we've seen. And I think we're well positioned to continue to maneuver through some of the volatile weather we're seeing across the country. 
Brian Cornell: Okay. It gives me an opportunity to recognize a couple of our teams for their work during the quarter. And I'll start with the Roundel team, they just continue to deliver very consistent and meaningful results for us; and all the cross-functional efforts around the relaunch of Target Circle. So I really want to thank those teams and the entire Target team for their contribution during the quarter and their ongoing commitment to getting us back to growth in Q2.  So I appreciate everyone joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you at the end of the second quarter. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes, I'm happy to take that one, Simeon. I'll maybe start by saying our expectations on the top line and the bottom line for the year are unchanged. And we feel really good about the progress made on the profit line in total in Q1 to expand operating profit rate in spite of a tough sales environment. It's an outcome that we feel puts the year off to a good start.  And on the SG&A line, as you've heard me say before, you'll see noise on there quarter-over-quarter. One of the things that was an investment in Q1 was investment behind the relaunch of Target Circle, for sure. But I feel really good about the way the team is managing costs throughout the business, and that's all factored into our guidance for the year. 
Michael Fiddelke: And Michael, maybe to touch on your question on shrink, if you step back and look at our total, we're managing all the levers of the P&L every quarter, every year. On shrink, we're pleased with the progress that we saw in the first quarter. As you heard us say to kick off the year, our hopes for the year were that shrink would flatten this year, and that would be an important first step on a journey to improving shrink over time.  And so far so good on that front. We're perhaps even a little ahead of where we hoped to be there. And that's step one to get to that plateauing place that we're on a good trajectory for this year. Over time, you can expect we work to make more progress on that line in the years to come. 
Michael Fiddelke: Thanks for the question, Rupesh. I wouldn't call out anything notable in terms of trends as we moved through the quarter. We saw a quarter that from the top line to the bottom line played out largely like we expected it would. And that's a good foundation for us to build on as we move into the second quarter where we expect to return to growth. And you've heard us talk about some of the things that give us confidence in that trajectory.  But one, I just want to go back to that I touched on my remarks, is the work on retail fundamentals our teams have done, an improved in-stock position, a huge shout-out to teams across merchandising, supply chain and stores that have helped drive that improvement, it's just one more arrow we have in the quiver to show up even stronger in Q2 next year -- or this year than we did last year. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. Thanks for the question, Corey. And you're spot on, when inventories are in line, we run more efficiently across our entire system. And that's certainly been the case in the last few quarters and is the case now. We feel really good about our inventory position as we step into Q2 here with inventories down 7% at the enterprise level. But most importantly, that efficiency on inventory is coming with a stronger in-stock position. We're always solving for both. And that one-two punch of lower inventories, the higher in-stocks is the outcome that we want and it's the outcome we're getting. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. I think the headline is, is we've got 1 quarter in the books that played out largely like we thought, if not a little ahead of our midpoint of guidance on the profit side, and our outlook for the balance of the year is unchanged. So always managing puts and takes across the business, but we knew investment in value was going to be part of the recipe for success this year. And you see this week's announcement as an amplification of some of that plan. 
Michael Fiddelke: Sure. Those are all good ones to touch on. I'll do my best and maybe pair off with Christina on a few of those. We continue to be thrilled with the strength we see in our Roundel ad business. It grew another 20% plus this quarter, and I think that speaks to the value that we're providing guests and some of our partners with that offering. That's been a sustained source of growth, and we would expect that to continue to be a source of growth going forward.  With Target Plus, you heard us talk about some of the expansion we continue to do there, and that's certainly a contributor to growth within that other revenue line on the quarter as well. So we feel good about how those parts of the business continue to add to both to the top line and to the bottom line. 
A. Hennington: Michael, this is Christina. One of the things that we know for a fact and has been a priority for a very long time is the focus on both Expect More and Pay Less. In fact, that is our brand promise. So value, affordability and how we deliver that is always and has always been important. And as Brian shared in his prepared remarks, it is even more important during this time of 3 years of cumulative inflation in these categories. So our commitment to investing in price on behalf of our guests is to pass savings back along to them to accelerate traffic and unit growth over time.  Our partners know our playbook. They understand how we go to market, and they are terrific partners in bringing that experience to light, in bringing us great products, innovation and contributing to the value equation for Target. They see us do that in our own brands and they help us do that with their brand portfolio. So this is a long-term commitment on behalf of the guests and is consistent with the strategies we've outlined for quarters. 
A. Hennington: Yes, great question. Definitely, consumers are responding to newness. When they see innovation and they see that as an incredible value, that's what's motivating them to buy. And so our acceleration of percent of newness has just built quarter after quarter. And you saw that really materialize in the apparel improvements in the last quarter. That was based on the backs of ready-to-wear, our perhaps most fashion-forward part of our entire assortment, our performance business, our young contemporary business, those are big owned brands that we control, design and build; All in Motion, Wild Fable, A New Day, et cetera, punctuated by a great partnership with Diane von Furstenberg.  And so that's a great example. We're doing that in every part of the portfolio. And Q2 is where we get really excited about the opportunity around summer. Summer is a place where we can take advantage of the breadth of the portfolio, like sporting goods, of course, apparel, dresses, shorts, et cetera. But this year, we've added a new twist with our frequency businesses, always standing for sun care, but this year, a big snacking and food destination for summer as well. 125 new items in Favorite Day and Good & Gather to beef up the excitement and relevance during this time. So lots of focus on newness. And also looking for that from our partners, the more innovation, the more that they invest behind newness, the better it is for us. 
A. Hennington: Thanks, Corey, for your question. We refer to it as owned brands, and it's a slight nuance, but only because we invest behind our private-label solutions, owned brands like any other brand. We put a lot of attention and care into the quality, the durability and the value, of course. I think you're probably referring to dealworthy because we've had a number of different brands and up&up relaunch, but we have a couple more to talk about. So I'm going to assume those were the ones you were questioning.  We're really excited about early results. It is, however, early. We have a whole cadence of products that we'll roll out throughout the year. And in some cases, we're only 15% to 25% into the cascade of newness, which is why in the prior question, I was talking about how it will build and build and build quarter-by-quarter as more of that comes to market.  What I'll tell you is where we've made surgical investments in supporting price points that were missing from our assortment, the guest is responding right away. Tech accessories, for instance, we didn't have the right value offering in basic cables, HDMI, phone cases and things like that. When we introduced the right price points in dealworthy, the guest noticed immediately, and that drove unit and traffic acceleration in those categories. And that's what we're doing business by business.  In up&up specifically, we've reformulated 40% of the products to add quality to the products. Our star ratings and our reviews on Target.com have accelerated meaningfully as the guests have taken notice. So we're excited what that means for the future as that builds throughout the year. 
A. Hennington: Yes, not a lot to offer besides the fact that you can see the expansion in margin over time, and that comes from creating value with our partners through Roundel. And it isn't just about shifting dollars, it's about accessing new dollars because they see the growth that comes with it and our ability to convert that into sales. 
