Gregg W. Steinhafel: We're very pleased with our third quarter financial results, and we expect our current momentum to carry into the fourth quarter. Our remodel program and 5% REDcard Rewards are driving profitable sales in an environment where consumers continue to be very cautious.  We expect to continue to benefit from these initiatives in the fourth quarter and into 2012 as we open our first City Target stores and prepare to open Canadian Targets in 2013.  That concludes today's prepared remarks. Now Doug, Kathy and I will be happy to respond to your questions.
Gregg W. Steinhafel: Yes. This is Gregg. I'll tackle the inflation question. First of all, we really don't get the comp benefit from the inflation that we've experienced because as Doug mentioned in his remarks, the units are down, commensurate with what the inflation is in those primarily non-discretionary categories. So in a general sense, what's happening is the high -- or the higher inflation in cost inputs, that has mitigated somewhat, and as we turn the corner and we go into 2012, we believe we will experience far less inflation than we did in the second and third quarters and fourth quarters of 2011, but it will still be slightly higher than where we were as we entered 2011.
Gregg W. Steinhafel: Well, we believe that the platform is stable. We are in the process of building out that team and adding more resources to that team. We have been doing that all along. We very shortly will be naming a leader of that team, but we have gone through -- we've made a tremendous amount of fixes as you can imagine with a replatforming effort of this magnitude. We really took a 3-year program and did it in just over 2 years. And so we fully expected to have some issues coming out of the changeover. And we've had that amount of issues and more. So we feel confident we've got the right amount of resources, the capital that we're spending to make those fixes as well as the team members in place to make great progress going forward.
Gregg W. Steinhafel: Yes. I'm not really going to address the timing of this because the timing will come when it's appropriate. We have a very deep and talented bench. Clearly, Doug's retirement was a planned event, and we have great internal team members. We have a team of 355,000 strong. But we're also going to take an opportunity to look on the outside as well to make sure that we get absolutely the best individual in any of these positions that are open right now. So stay tuned. Timing is undefined, but I think the most short-term decision that you'll hear from us will be filling our multichannel and dotcom position and then the others will come after that.
Gregg W. Steinhafel: Yes, I think, Peter, what you're going to see from virtually all of our retailers is that everybody is focused on winning on price and making price investments, and they're going to talk about that broadly and loudly. And that's the primary tactic of Walmart. So it's consistent with what they have done as they lead into a Back-to-School or Back-to-College season or in the fourth quarter. They typically talk about the price investment they're going to make. They're a very aggressive retailer, and they have a lot of good deals. But it doesn't -- it's not all that different compared to where they've been in the past.
Gregg W. Steinhafel: Yes, we're excited about the Sobeys relationship. There isn't really a lot to share at this point in time. I mean, we're developing a partnership with them as we are other key third-party providers as part of our Canadian market entry strategy. We're working hard right now in building out our team. We're working on our supply chain, both physically and the replenishment aspects of that and then the technology platform. So we know we've got a very good team in place. We're working very fast and furiously to make sure that we're ready to go, and we open our first cycle of stores in Q1 of 2013.
Gregg W. Steinhafel: We're using a different platform. We're using the SAP platform in Canada. Now we are also using an SAP platform for a portion of our business here domestically in the United States.
Gregg W. Steinhafel: Yes, the comp impact even before we entered the period of a transformation was relatively immaterial. And as you point out, there's been a slight deceleration during this time frame. As we fix and become more experienced with the site, we expect to get back to where we were in the past. But overall, it is not a meaningful layer on top of our store-based business at this time in terms of comp impact.
Gregg W. Steinhafel: I'd also add, Jeff, and I think you're see a little bit of the early Black Friday hype in the fact that in these more seasonally sensitive categories, the more people talk about Black Friday, the more of a perception that there is that perhaps, broadly, you can wait on some of these categories because the deals are going to get better, which really isn't true. But there is a perception out there, and there's a lot of discussion and a lot of other retailers release their Black Friday ads early, and so there is some comparison shopping going on. And unfortunately, it's amounting to doing more business in a shorter period of time, but that's just the way the market place has evolved.
Gregg W. Steinhafel: On the Canadian hiring front, it is going as we have planned thus far. We have worked hard at defining our employment brand. We've been on campus. We've been talking about Target and the employment opportunities both in the stores and in our field operations and at headquarters. We have a lot of positions to hire. This is going to be a Canadian company run by Canadians, and so we're spending a lot of time making sure that we educate the Canadians that we're looking to hire. We're spending a lot of time with casual get-togethers. We're on campus. We made offers. Our acceptance rate has been very good so far. So we're feeling good with where we are right now. We know that this will be an ongoing endeavor for us as we bring people on and sequence them over the next 12 months. So, so far, so good. We've got a great team up in Canada already, and they're really doing an outstanding job, and we're excited that many Canadians are really, really interested in coming to work for Target. So, so far, there's been a lot of interest in Target, and we take that as a very good sign.
Gregg W. Steinhafel: Yes. We're pleased with our performance in PFresh stores as we cycle. And as we add more and more stores, when we get market density, we're able to market more broadly to the market rather than just geotargeting the marketing around the stores that are opening. So now that we have good density, you're going to see more broad marketing campaigns, market-by-market. Year 2 performance is still performing as planned. We're making changes and adjustments in terms of mix and space within the store, very typical to what we would normally do when we make a change of this magnitude, and we continue to see good results in year 2 in our PFresh stores.
Gregg W. Steinhafel: Yes, certainly both directly and indirectly, those were both benefits. But to the quarter's aggregate numbers, not at all meaningful. Okay, we have time for one more call.
Gregg W. Steinhafel: Thanks, Kathy. That concludes Target's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you all for your participation.
Kathryn A. Tesija: Well, I'll take that one, Dan. This is Kathy. The fourth quarter is extremely competitive, and so far this year, our pricing has been spot on. We've been really pleased with how competitive our prices have been. And of course, with the 5% Rewards, our guests get an even greater deal. So we believe it will be competitive this year just as it has been in past years, and we believe our pricing will measure up.
Kathryn A. Tesija: So I'll take the first one, Robby, on gross margin. As you know, our goal has been to maintain gross margin within categories or to improve it. And obviously, the team's done a fantastic job of that. Part of that, as you mentioned, was great inventory control. Certainly, optimizing our markdowns has helped. And then I would say in Home and Apparel, the team has been very thoughtful about how to offset some of those cost increases. And as we've talked earlier, there's a number of contributing factors to that. One is our standardizing of fabric, which gets us better quality and consistency, but we're also able to aggregate yardage and get better pricing. And then the work that the team has done in garment design and technical to make sure that we're taking out costs wherever that's appropriate. And then lastly, where appropriate, we have passed on some of those cost increases. So while our pricing in the marketplace is really rock solid, we've been able to improve on our gross margin.
Kathryn A. Tesija: On the pricing side, we have not seen it show up yet at Walmart. Certainly they are competitive in their pricing as they always are, but there are not any more rollbacks today. In fact, there's a few less. And their discount is on par with where they have been historically. So of course, we watch that very carefully, and we will adjust our prices as appropriate. But so far, we haven't seen an impact.
Kathryn A. Tesija: And Jeff, to answer your question on the competition in particularly in Toys and Electronics, yes, of course, we go into every year trying to grow our market share. I would tell you Toys is off to a slow start, and I think that's going to be a bit of an uphill climb for us this year, although we're still optimistic about the rest of the fourth quarter. Our in stocks are fabulous. Our toy catalog is great. We have over $350 of coupons in that catalog, so more to be seen on that. And then in terms of Electronics, we are feeling pretty confident. We've seen good results so far. It's been strengthening as the year's gone on. And the categories that are great for gift giving are ones that we're strong in. So whether that's e-readers or iPads or the iPod, we've got a lot of strength there.
Kathryn A. Tesija: Well, I think Walmart Layaway program has certainly hurt us in November. It still remains to be seen if that continues or if that is just a November issue. But I also think guests are still researching. We see a lot of that on our own site, researching what it is they want to buy. And so we haven't really seen the season kick off yet.
Kathryn A. Tesija: And in terms of Home, we continue to make progress in our Home business even though this is the most discretionary area of our store. As I said earlier, we had a very strong Back-to-School, Back-to-College. Our Housewares and Stationery business has been very solid, and we're also making progress in discretionary areas like Domestics and Decorative Home. So we believe that the changes we've made, both in assortment and presentation, position us for continued success in Home, but I would tell you that we still see that progress will be a bit slow and uneven given the economic conditions that we're in.
Kathryn A. Tesija: And in terms of the guests that shop in Home, I would tell you it's the same guest that has been shopping in Home, and particularly is our best guest, better and best guest. I think the changes that we've made in presentation about merchandising by component instead of by brand, has helped make the category a bit more compelling. And then just the content itself, you've seen us reinvent our own brands. Room Essentials was the first one, Smith & Hawken, we launched a little over a year ago, and Target Home has been evolving. So I think that's where we're starting to gain some strength. Clearly, we've had strength on our good brands and best brands, and it's been increasing on the better side.
Douglas A. Scovanner: Well, first with respect to 5% Rewards, as you know, we piloted this concept in Kansas City for a full year before we rolled it out nationally, so Kansas City, have to see the twinkle in my eye, will always be one year ahead of the rest of the U.S. In our second year in Kansas City, we've had pretty meaningful increase year-over-year, not as large as year one but still quite meaningful. So moving forward for the next 4 quarters, still expect a couple of hundred basis points or better year-over-year increase in penetration. There is seasonality to this program so the benefit will be lower in Q4 than we expect it to be Q1, Q2, Q3 next year but continuing through year 2 in all likelihood and well beyond year 2 in terms of its year-over-year benefit. PFresh, a smaller benefit, of course, because of the nature of the program and also subject to seasonality, which makes it a little smaller contributor in Q4 than Q1, 2, 3. And for those 2 reasons, seasonality in each of those programs, that's why I believe that more likely our Q4 same-store sales could trail the last few quarters of experience by a small amount.
Douglas A. Scovanner: I know we're a bit of a broken record on this topic, but we've always believed that the impact of inflation on the way up and on the way down is much likely much lower than many of you on this phone call believe.
Douglas A. Scovanner: We're getting very close to the point where they'll be stabilized. I'd certainly leave the door cracked open to the potential for a much more modest receivables allowance reduction in Q4 than we've experienced. Certainly within the next several quarters, we're likely to reach that equilibrium. Again, the underlying performance of the portfolio remains quite strong. We'll simply move into a period where we will no longer experience the turbocharging impact of those receivables allowance reductions, certainly not to the same extent. And given the fact that the portfolio is, of course, smaller than it was a year ago, those factors will combine to produce segment profit lower than prior year actuals, even though segment profit will highly likely remain fully, fully adequate in light of the capital we have invested in that segment.
Douglas A. Scovanner: We don't expect to experience the same degree of volatility month-to-month this year that we experienced last year. And therefore, if you're thinking of something like a 2-year stack, we would expect November to be stronger than December.
Douglas A. Scovanner: Month-to-date, we're right in line with where we expected, so right in line with an experience that supports the comment I made a minute ago. Let's please remember, though, that even though we're halfway through the month in elapsed time, we're not even remotely close to halfway through the month in elapsed sales. So most of the forecast for November lies ahead of us.
Douglas A. Scovanner: Well, year-over-year, we continue to have pretty meaningful layer of 5% Rewards and a pretty meaningful layer of the impact of our PFresh initiative. So even though it might be moderating, to use your word, it's still adverse to gross margin rate. Separately, looking back into the third quarter, there's no doubt that our gross margin rate performance within categories exceeded our expectations going into the quarter. So stir all that together, when I've remarked about a familiar recipe, what I meant to describe is a circumstance where we'll continue to see gross margin rate deterioration. In Q4, I would expect it to be a little higher than what we experienced in Q3. Separately, we expect to continue to benefit in Q4 and beyond from the benefit of favorable SG&A leverage and favorable depreciation and amortization leverage. Our outlook for Q4 at this point is that those 2 expense-related benefits will be in line with maybe, a little larger, maybe a little less, than the gross margin rate deterioration, and that's why we think that EBIT margin rates in Q4 will likely be in line with last year's rate, plus or minus. Important to emphasize EBIT, obviously. With the depreciation and amortization benefit even year-over-year on EBIT would imply a slight deterioration in EBITDA.
Douglas A. Scovanner: Again, we experienced greater benefit from margin rate improvements within categories in Q3 than we expected. That is the single largest offsetting factor.
Douglas A. Scovanner: But effectively, you should think of this as a blank sheet of paper approach, building from scratch.
Douglas A. Scovanner: First on the Canada side, from our point of view, we're dealing with a fairly trivial timing issue. Given the precision with which our Canada efforts are being followed, I understand why this is -- I understand partially why this is a matter of such keen interest. I would say that from a timing standpoint, it's in the SG&A side of the equation, not depreciation, amortization or interest expense. There, we have a combination of legal expenses, wages and benefits and consulting expenses, and those are certainly difficult to pin down with great precision. Put in round numbers, I'd say looking forward, you should expect to see maybe a $20 million increase, give or take, in the segment in Q4, and additionally, the Q3 interest expense of $15 million as a part quarter impact of the last round of stores, so maybe that rises to $20 million or so. So in the aggregate, that takes you to kind of the single-point estimate that's in the middle of our $0.07 to $0.09 a share in the quarter. On your question regarding credit quality, yes, certainly, the accounts that we have underwritten in the past couple of years, even beginning quite a bit earlier than the national rollout of 5% Rewards, are accounts that we would or vintages that we would expect to mature at somewhat lower write-off rates than prior vintages. By the way, we're only focusing on the write-offs, so that means they're also likely to mature at somewhat lower gross finance charge revenue yields than prior vintages. But sticking with the write-off rate discussion, hard to predict exactly where the net write-off rate will balance, will optimize, but we're clearly on track to have it balanced at levels that will test or go beyond, in a favorable sense, go beyond where we have ever been before.
Douglas A. Scovanner: It is a decision that I did not take lightly. It's something that I've been looking forward to for quite some time. My head remains very deeply in this equation here at Target. And I intend to make this transition as smooth as I possibly can in handing the baton over to my successor.
Douglas A. Scovanner: I'll take the first layer of that one and Kathy can follow up for clarity. First of all, I think, certainly as everyone is aware, we have a huge and hugely profitable Home business, and I think in our zeal to be precise, we may have inadvertently misled a little bit. When results year-over-year are essentially flat and they're slightly better than flat and we say favorable and about $1.52 worse than flat, we say lower than prior, we're just crossing over an interesting boundary, but sales were neither hugely positive in September nor hugely negative afterward. I would call the whole period and individual components flat, flat to prior on a huge and hugely profitable business.
