Brian Cornell: Before we turn to your questions, I want to relay a few thoughts that I shared with our Target team earlier today. While the circumstances we're facing are difficult and certainly not what anyone would wish for, we need to embrace the moment, focus on what we can control and lean into our strengths. Because even as we face multiple challenges, all at the same time, we have an even longer list of strengths on our side. And there are quite a few headwinds, but we've shown time and time again that our strengths can overcome any challenge we face.  We have nearly 2,000 well-located, well-maintained store locations. We have a rapidly growing set of owned brands that are already generating more than $30 billion in annual sales. And we have a unique and growing list of national brand partners, including Starbucks, CVS Health, Levi's, Apple, Disney and Ulta Beauty.  Our unmatched product design, development and sourcing capabilities allow us to offer an unbeatable combination of price, quality, design and fashion throughout our own brand portfolio. We have a durable operating model and a balanced portfolio of merchandise categories, which allow us to pivot quickly in a rapidly changing environment.  Our operations are profitable, generate robust cash flow and are backed by a strong balance sheet that enables continued investment during lean times. And of course, we have a unique, amazing, passionate team that has only grown stronger over the last few years. So this morning, I've asked our team to focus on what they do best, moving with agility and responding to the environment in real time, delivering outstanding execution throughout the holiday season and beyond and doing it all as one team, aligned in support of our guests and each other.  While we'd all prefer to be operating in a more robust environment, today, we have the opportunity and all the resources we need to continue playing offense while many others cannot. By harnessing the strength of our assets and our amazing team I'm confident we'll continue to grow guest engagement and deliver compelling growth on both the top and bottom line over time.  With that, we can move to Q&A. Now Christina, John, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, thanks for joining us today. And obviously, we're going to spend a lot more time at our investor conference talking about the efficiency initiative. But it might be helpful for us to share a couple of examples of the work that we think is in front of us. And I might ask John to start first and talk about some of the learning we've seen from a fulfillment standpoint and have Christina talked about some opportunities that we're already looking at from a merchandising standpoint. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, I want to make sure we're really clear. We see significant opportunities over the next 3 years, two, buying cost savings in the neighborhood of $2 billion to $3 billion as we improve process and simplify our operations. At the same time, we'll continue to be focused on growth and taking market share and meeting our guests and continue to enhance our business position. So it's not an either/or, it's an and. We'll continue to be focused on being a growth company, continuing to build market share, driving traffic to our stores and visit store sites and become a much more efficient organization that leverages the scale we've gained over the last 3 years. 
Brian Cornell: So Michael, there are a couple of questions there. One, we see the savings as being incremental for an operating plan; two, we do expect that the holiday season is going to be very promotional. We're seeing that as we move into the month of November. But as we've mentioned many times, one of the things that really stands out in our quarter is our ability to continue to hold and gain unit market share across all 5 of our merchandising categories.  So we're continuing to build share. We're going to continue to see traffic driving our business, and we think it's going to be a promotional holiday season, and we're prepared to compete in this environment. 
Brian Cornell: Scott, as you might imagine, right now, we are laser focused on the holiday season and making sure we end 2022 in a position where we continue to hold and grow share and meet the needs of our guests. For the very early stages of looking at 2023, we'll be back after the first of the year with more details about our overall plans, including CapEx spending and our outlook for the overall consumer environment.  So give us a few weeks, we'll be back to you after the first of the year, but obviously, we're going to spend a lot of time right now focused on executing our plan, getting through the holiday season and then assessing the consumer and the overall retail landscape as we look to 2023. 
Brian Cornell: Scott, it's why we spend so much time looking at unit market share performance. And as we continue to perform well across our entire portfolio, we feel like we've got the right mix of great national brand partners that strengthen our own brands. We have a fabulous in-store experience and the ease and simplicity of our digital channels. So we think we're well positioned to continue to hold and grow share across our entire portfolio, not just in the holiday season but for years to come. 
Brian Cornell: Simeon, I'll go back to some of the syndicated data that we've been looking at. And clearly, across all of retail, we saw a change in shopping behavior in the back half of October leading into November. The most recent information we've seen from NPD would indicate during the first week of November, general merchandise categories contracted by 14%. So a very significant change in shopping behavior.  So I think, as Christina pointed out a number of times, we've had a consumer who has been dealing with very stubborn inflation for quarter after quarter now. They're certainly starting to look at higher prices in Food & Beverage, in many cases, prices that are up double digits. They're shopping very carefully on a budget. And I think they're looking at discretionary categories and saying, "All right, if I'm going to buy, I'm looking for a great deal and a great value." So what we've seen overall is a change in consumer behavior over the last few weeks. We're going to watch it carefully throughout the holiday season, but I think it is a byproduct of a consumer who has been facing higher costs throughout the year, is working with their budget, shopping very carefully, looking for value and recognize they've got to start with core staples before they spend dollars in discretionary categories. 
Brian Cornell: Operator, that concludes our third quarter call. We wish everyone a safe and happy holiday season and look forward to seeing you in person in 2023. So thank you.
Michael Fiddelke: Sure, Chris. This is Michael. I can take that one. We did see deceleration in the 3-year CAGR in the back part of October as well, and so we're factoring that into our extrapolated trends going forward. And you've heard me say, I think, other times on this call, Q4 is always its own animal, and so extrapolating trends into Q4 is tricky business in a normal year. But we think it's important to focus on the consumer changes that we saw in October and plan the business prudently and cautiously against those trends. It gives us the best position to be able to meet the consumer where we're at and continue to drive that unit share performance that we were pleased to see in the third quarter. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes, Chris, I'll take that one, too. We're definitely not operating at a profit level we expect to over time. And the onetime impacts we've seen this year from the volatility and the change in trend has led us to more markdowns salvage action on inventory than we've seen historically by a wide margin. And so we would expect to get a lot of that margin and that improved markdown performance back. And so that's the factor I'd start with first.  And the second thing I'd call out is what you heard us describe in terms of the efficiency opportunities we have in the business. To your exact point, we've generated incredible scale quickly. That opens up a lot of opportunities for us to rethink process technology and create efficiencies throughout the business by taking that scale that came on us quickly, stepping back and optimizing the business against that scale. So we're excited about the efficiencies that should come with the growth that we've seen over time. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. It's a fair question, Simeon. And sometimes it involves CapEx, and we're happy to invest that CapEx when the return is there. And so if we can put capital into the business that can drive efficiency for the team, I think you've seen us do that with technology in stores and supply chain, so that's a path we've been on, and we certainly aren't shy about making that investment when the return is there. But it won't all require capital. There's a lot of process reengineering and optimization that we can do that shouldn't have a capital price tag associated with it.  And again, back to the examples John and Christina provided, so much of that is about the scale we've gained. There's a path of simplifying and taking costs out of the business when you don't have growth. We've got the fortunate position to be looking at the business on the heels of just exceptional growth and that creates a lot of opportunity for us to rebuild process against the business that's substantially bigger than it was a few years ago. 
Michael Fiddelke: I will answer that with where you ended your question, Kate, and that is we are committed to being clean at the end of the holiday season. And you're also right in the first half of your question. We accomplished what we wanted to in the first half of the year. We feel good about that work. And you heard me quote some versus 2019 benchmarks. If you were to just look versus last year, you'll see that Q2, out inventory was up 36% year-on-year; in Q3, it's about 14%. And so we made good progress on the plans we had in place. Obviously, we're looking at the change in the trends closely. If that trend we see persists, it will come with more markdowns to make sure we accomplish exactly that goal of ending the season clean. 
John Mulligan: Yes, Michael, I think this is -- I think, Michael Fiddelke characterized it well. This is work we always do. We've always done this. And when we look back at fulfillment, this is something we've done year after year. And I remember back in 2017, taking lots of questions about, will you guys have enough capacity in your stores to do all this fulfillment, and taking that question in 2018 and 2019. And here we are with a digital business that's 20% of our business now and 95%, 96% of our fulfillment is done in stores.  And so when you look at what we've done there, it is essentially what Michael is talking about, continually going back, looking at the process, modifying the process, reinventing the process, investing some capital in some cases to support things like Drive-Up or extra-pack stations and consistently over that time, increasing our unit productivity as it relates to fulfillment in double digits every year since then. And that's created capacity for us to continue to drive our digital business and improved our economic performance in the digital business along the way.  And so when we step back and look at all the scale we've gained, just like that scale we gained in the digital business that allowed us to continually improve fulfillment, we've gained all the scale now in our existing business, the broader business, and that allows us to take a step back look, at what we've been kind of doing in the last couple of years to meet our guest demand as we grew quickly and say, there's a lot of places for us to go back, reinvent process, add additional technology and improve the way we deliver for our guests. 
John Mulligan: Ed, this is John. I'll take the shrink question. I think, first, I'd say it started probably in some localized geographies originally, but we see those circles expanding and expanding and the impact continuing to grow. I think from a solutions perspective, we see 2 things. One, this is a nationwide problem that we need to address nationwide with other retailers. This is primarily driven by organized crime. And so there is a role for us to work as a retail group with law enforcement with the government to help find solutions. More specific to Target, there are things that we can do from a remediation standpoint. We have put those in place in a number of stores, and we see the impact of that. It's obviously not something we like to do. It's far less convenient for guests as they shop our stores, but we think we can manage that from a service perspective.  And you can see us continue to do that. As we see stores that are more impacted, we'll continue to provide additional remediation factors. The biggest focus for us is keeping our team and our guests safe. And so we start there. And so that drives a lot of our behavior, and that's the goal.  And then the third thing is to prevent theft. But we really start in a place where it is about keeping our team and our guests safe as they're in our stores. 
John Mulligan: Well, I think there's a couple of things there. One, the digital team is doing a great job. And there -- to Brian's point, right now, they're very focused on delivering a great Q4 for our guests. I think a couple of things we are excited about is first, bringing -- and these are the top 2 requests from our guests, always being led by our guests as it relates to what we're going to provide from a digital perspective.  Number one is adding Starbucks to Drive-Up. And we have seen that in the test stores, very, very popular. This has been a request for a long time from guests. "I'm getting milk, I'm getting diapers, why can't I get my latte to go as well?" I think the second one under the heading of continuing to create ease, and this is also a request from our guests, is being able to do returns through Drive-Up. That one's a little bit further behind Starbucks. We're testing that in a small number of stores. It just went guest-facing recently. And so we'll continue to test that through the fourth quarter here and look to hopefully expand that next year.  But I think the example there -- the examples there are more important than what we're doing, that is the guest leading us to what they want us to provide from a digital perspective, whether that be on the site or in how we fulfill their services. 
A. Hennington: And I would add on a similar note, we think that there is opportunity to do that same step back on how we create, make, buy, move and sell our Apparel business. You think about the exceptional growth that we've had in our business across the board, but certainly in a big category like Apparel and the volatility we've seen in import transportation lead times and ups and downs in the market. For us to take a step back and say, is there process flow, technology, planning decisions, sourcing decisions and opportunities to flow inventory with more efficiency is at the heart of this exercise. We actually have started it a while ago, and we'll really be able to accelerate the investment in that process work and reimagine the opportunity around our Apparel line. 
A. Hennington: And on your second question, Ed, on value, price perception and our offerings. I would tell you that we've had a concerted effort to make sure that we demonstrate the balanced value across our assortment for a long period of time. In fact, last quarter, I called it a maniacal focus on opening price points because we need to make sure that we appeal to the range of consumers that shop Target. And as I said in my prepared remarks, some of that is going to be opening price point value options that we can engineer into, especially in our strong owned brand offering. But some of it is actually larger sizes where people are seeking value through the per-unit equation that comes with bigger pack sizes.  So we are absolutely focused on it. It comes through in everyday price, it comes through in our own brand assortment, it comes through in our promotions, and it comes to our accessibility with our great RedCard, our free loyalty programs and the solutions in aggregate. And that's part of the Target equation. It's all also relevant with the assortment that's fresh, seasonal and on trend. It doesn't matter what your priced at if the assortment is relevant. And that's why we need to always stay on-Target. 
A. Hennington: Yes. Our first proof point about how we're performing is obviously the strength of our traffic as well as our market share gains. And those are broad, span across all of our categories. As we look at the guest and where the growth is coming from, it's coming from a deepening engagement with our current guests. And so they are coming more often, and they are spending across more categories.  And there are a couple of inflection points in behavior with our Target guests that are really meaningful: One is when they become an omnichannel guests; the second is how much they use our fulfillment capabilities; and the third is the amount that they buy Food & Beverage. And all those 3 are growing at a faster rate than total Target. That gives us confidence that going forward, we'll continue to deepen the engagement with the guests that are most meaningful for our long-term business. 
