A. Hennington: Okay. Well, thanks for joining me. Why don't we start Jill and Rick by telling us a little bit about yourselves and your careers. 
A. Hennington: We're happy to have you here. Okay. Our owned brand portfolio on its own would be a Fortune 100 company. More than $30 billion in sales and nearly 1/3 of our total revenue and even more of our gross margin. That's because we have amazing capabilities that allow us to produce brands our guests genuinely love. Jill, let's start with one I know you're particularly excited about a new brand in toys called Gigglescape. 
A. Hennington: Thank you, Jill. Rick, let's switch gears a little bit and talk about Good & Gather because that's a brand that's helped us reimagine our grocery space and experience and really build our credibility in food. 
A. Hennington: Well, our capabilities certainly are first rate. But that human touch, fueled by the power of insights, can't be stressed enough. 
A. Hennington: Well, Jill, this leads the enhanced approach we take into brand management, including a team under your leadership. 
A. Hennington: Yes. Thank you for the question. We have evolved significantly over the last 1.5 years plus. What we've been living through over the last couple of years really has been quite unprecedented. And the opportunity has been to infuse more agility and flexibility into our model. So in 2023, we bought with an intention of [ placing bets ] on the things that we were most excited about, innovation, newness, our own brands, where we saw the business trends were. But we also wanted to make sure that we created flexibility in the model. And so overall, we certainly bought less in those down-trending categories to manage the inventory. But by buying less led to swifter operations, ease and just clarity in how to operate within this environment. We were also able to introduce levers through dual sourcing capabilities, a country of production diversification having more domestic backup. So in categories like apparel, where it's really important that we're on trend and we're able to get things that we need quickly based on what we're seeing in the market. We have increased our flexibility levers manyfold and are using reserve open to buy basically receipts that we haven't spend as well as other flexibility levers to buy into the things that are working. And it is really paying off. Not only did we manage our inventory levels significantly lower and led to significantly increase in stocks, the best we've had in 4 years as well as being able to chase into the things that matter. Our apparel business is perhaps the best example of that, where we've seen green shoots of acceleration quarter-by-quarter. And not totally visible when you look at the aggregate comp, our discretionary comps were the best in the fourth quarter. They were better than in the first quarter. So we've seen that discretionary comp acceleration through the year. That's what we plan to build on in 2024. 
A. Hennington: Yes. The only thing I'd add, even the lifelong relationship with college students, you heard Jill be very intentional. We actually seek to make sure that we are really relevant at certain life stages, especially early on in our consumers' lives. Think about the strength that we have in a business like baby, then we migrate them to toys, then we migrate them into video games and/or into juniors. And then having then presence, we do very well at back-to-school and back-to-college time frames. It's very intentional in making sure that our brand stays in touch with families through every life stage. College is the natural next step in that phase and then, of course, back to childbirth. So afterwards. And so that's been very intentional, but then to build back on segmentation opportunities yes, we've learned a lot. I mean, these boxes are small. They're difficult to operate.  We certainly have to cut the SKU count intensively, and we have to study the macro -- or the micro environment of competitors. And so this ability to formulate the right assortment strategy for that community has taught us a lot about the potential to expand that further into our larger size boxes. And we see tons of upside and potential in more sophisticated segmentation and allocation strategies that allow us to optimize the local potential. 
A. Hennington: More specifically on how we build assortment and premium prices to answer some of your questions. Our goal is to make sure that we are meeting our guests' needs across a wide range of shopping occasions. And so we look at -- you heard us describe this especially when we talk about [ own brands ], right? We look for unmet need spaces and white spaces to innovate against.  Over the last year, we've spent a lot of time making sure that we have our value equation shored up. And the introduction of dealworthy is a big deal for us. It is an opening price point brand across the entirety of the portfolio outside of food and beverage, where we already have Market Pantry. So just make sure we really have value options for all consumers so that they can meet their budgets. On the flip side, we do really well with Ulta Beauty, which is premium beauty.  And it's based on the insight that we've known for years in beauty, almost all beauty shoppers shop both. They shop mass and they start to shop premium. And for us to be able to service the guests and service all the trips in that category, we needed a solution [ for growth ], which allowed us to build this partnership with Ulta, which we're really, really happy about. And we do that across the -- we do that across the portfolio to say where is the opportunity for Target to serve a unique need and where are the unmet needs in the category. And our guest has given us a lot of freedom to say, I'll spend $600 on this item. And by the way, I don't want to spend more than $2 on my body wash. And that's fine, whatever works for them. 
Jill Sando: Good morning. I am Jill Sando and I lead the Apparel & Accessories, Home and Hardlines merchandising organization. I've been with Target for over 25 years. The majority of that time has been in merchandising, running different businesses across our discretionary portfolio. Also spent some time in planning and help stand up our product design and development capabilities for our non-apparel businesses. 
Jill Sando: Kids related categories are huge for Target and toys plays a key role in keeping Target relevant with families. National brands like LEGO and exclusive brands like Our Generation have made Target one of the biggest toy retailers in America. And the addition of Gigglescape gives consumers on more only-at-Target reason to shop toys. Gigglescape is important for a few reasons. It's consumer-centric. It's our first owned brand design specifically for generation alpha and their unique needs. It's filling white space in our owned brand assortment and it has us poised to drive growth in a high-margin category. And Gigglescape is priced to be accessible to all families. Just a few weeks ago, we launched our stuffed animals. Most are priced under $10 and soon we'll launch books, puzzles and toys with all items in our spring assortment priced under $20. That kind of pricing makes it perfect for gifts and for the spur-of-the-moment purchases because your child is being good today. This is a brand that makes our toys destination -- our toys department a destination even when your Target run was inspired by something else and makes Target an even stronger destination for toys. 
Jill Sando: Yes. Kids apparel is another area where we have outsized market share and Cat & Jack is a big part of that. This is the kids brand that we launched in 2016. Today, it's a $3 billion brand, the biggest kids brand in America. To put that into perspective, consider this, we sell well over 300 million units of Cat & Jack a year, which comes out to about 8 Cat & Jack items for every child in America under the age of 12. This is part of a discretionary category, but Cat & Jack is a brand that drives repeat business for Target because of great prices and great quality, which parents love and great design that kids love. And when you think about kids style, the success of Cat & Jack pays dividends across our portfolio. It drives trips and sales across the store during key moments like back-to-school and throughout the year as kids grow into new sizes. Cat & Jack also complements brands like Wild Fable. That's our juniors brand, worn by millions of teens and tweens who started in Cat & Jack. It's one of the biggest juniors brands in the country and one we just extended into swim. Wild Fable is a great brand on its own, one fueled by our speed to trend in a very dynamic category, but it also has an important advantage since families are already in the habit of turning to Target for clothes for their kids. 
Jill Sando: We have unrivaled design capabilities, amazing talent across our team, hundreds of patents, it is no exaggeration to say that Target pioneered cheap [indiscernible]. And what we're doing is so hard to replicate because we didn't decide to make a play in owned brands 5 or even 10 years ago. We've been doing this for decades. We've had an in-house sourcing capability for 25 years. Now today, it spans 20 offices across 14 countries. Because we own our end-to-end sourcing business, we control our own destiny. When you think about issues like country of production and raw material costs. We're more cost-effective with far fewer intermediaries in our network, which allows us to grow our bottom line even as we pass savings on to our guest. We can adapt quickly to emerging trends, which keeps us relevant and we're able to pursue bold sustainability goals, which is important to driving growth by delivering on something that matters so much to millions of consumers. And those sustainability goals will also help ensure both the resiliency of our business model through responsible stewardship of the resources that we rely on and our ability to deliver the quality that our guests rely on. 
Jill Sando: That's right. When we designed All In Motion, our performance brand, the first thing that we did was to engage with 15,000 consumers. We talked to fitness coaches, we attended dozens of workout classes because if you're designing for the consumer, it starts with listening to the consumer. And we're not just consumer-led when we're launching a product, we're consumer-led in how we continue to grow and develop our owned brands because you can't mistake performance for potential. Cat & Jack has been a runaway success, but we also learned through listing that we had opportunities to make the brand more appealing to more guests. Among other things, that led to the adaptive items we created to help all kids look and feel their best and the expansions we made to our dressy and mid-dressy assortment, giving families more reasons to choose Cat & Jack and Target. 
Jill Sando: We launched our brand management capability years ago and created an end-to-end process to successfully launch owned brands. And that has enabled an accelerated rollout of owned brands over the past 5 years. And we've been evolving our capabilities and are now operating more like a CPG company, the research, the market analysis, looking hard at the white space. That's shaped our decision making around existing brands, like prioritizing Threshold as our flagship home brand and then offering a range of styles within it. That's critical because Target is one of the biggest home retailers in the country, and this is making it easier for our consumers to navigate our assortment and our brand management work was critical to the success of our new kitchenware brand Figmint, which debuted last fall. This isn't the first time selling kitchenware as part of an owned brand, but it is our first owned brand devoted solely to Kitchenware and our guests love it. Baskets with Figmint items are 25% larger than our previous owned brand offering. And Figmint was one of several factors that helped us accelerate our Kitchenware business by more than 500 basis points between Q3 and Q4 taking us from a negative comp to a positive comp. Guests respond to newness and innovation and great design and Figmint is just one example of that. 
Richard Gomez: Hello. Good morning. I'm Rick Gomez, I lead Target's Food, Essentials and Beauty businesses. I've had the opportunity to lead a variety of different disciplines at Target, including marketing, digital strategy. And then before Target, I spent over 20 years working in the CPG industry developing, launching and managing a bunch of different Food & Beverage brands. 
Richard Gomez: Yes. Well, as you know, Christina, we invest a lot of time listening to consumers to better understand their needs. And one of the themes that we are consistently hearing is the need for value and affordability. So to address this consumer need, we are relaunching up & up and introducing dealworthy. up & up is one of Target's most popular brands, delivering nearly $3 billion in sales, offering over 2,000 everyday items at affordable prices. And now we are making it even bigger and even better. We have developed product improvements across 40% of the line. We are also introducing hundreds of new items, and we are offering great prices with the average item priced under $7. We're also launching dealworthy. It's our new low-priced brand with items across the store, ranging from socks, laundry detergent, phone chargers, and I can't stress enough what a great value dealworthy will be. The most items will be priced under $10. And some of those electronics items will be priced at 50% lower than what was previously offered at Target. dealworthy will be the lowest-priced item in each category offering absolutely incredible value. 
Richard Gomez: Yes. Absolutely. I'd love to talk about Food & Beverage. Our Food & Beverage business delivers over $20 billion in sales, and that's up $8 billion in sales since 2019. That's because over the last few years, we've been making big strides in improving the Food & Beverage experience. I'd like to say that we have gone from being a retailer that just sells food to a retailer that truly celebrates food. And in doing that, we have made Target a destination for food. Now, Good & Gather has played a key role in that at nearly $4 billion in sales. Good & Gather delivers a great value proposition, delicious products that the whole family will enjoy, high-quality ingredients with no artificial colors, no artificial flavors, no high-fructose corn syrup. And importantly, great pricing with most items under $5. And we're not done growing the Good & Gather brand. Last fall, we expanded Good & Gather into new incremental spaces that are important to our guests like Good & Gather Baby and Toddler creating another go-to Target -- another go-to category for parents with young children at Target. 
Richard Gomez: And these capabilities, they really do set Target apart, especially considering the scale at which we operate, delivering a steady drumbeat of newness to consumers. In my previous role in the CPG industry, it was a big year if we launched a few dozen new products. But for our food scientists, that's a couple of weeks' worth of work. In Food & Beverage alone this year, we'll add hundreds of new items to Good & Gather and Favorite Day and that's on top of the hundreds of new items that we launched last year. We are delivering innovation at scale that is unmatched by others. 
Richard Gomez: Consumer insight has also helped to continue to develop and grow Favorite Day. We launched the brand during the pandemic, and we've seen it drive trips, build baskets, delivering double-digit growth year after year. So as Food & Beverage has become a go-to category for Target during the holidays, we've expanded the role of Favorite Day to offer key seasonal items. You saw that in November and December with gingerbread kits, hot cocoa-bombs, a huge range of snack mixes. And just a few weeks ago, Favorite Day was front and center for Valentine's Day. And we'll continue to expand Favorite Day into those big seasonal moments that are so important to our guests and important to keeping Target relevant. 
Richard Gomez: There's been a lot of work in Food & Beverage to sharpen the focus of our brand portfolio. The launch of a flagship brand, Good & Gather was the first step. We focused Market Pantry on family favorites at our most affordable prices and we've also retired our previous snack and dessert brand, Archer Farms and replaced with Favorite Day, a brand with a much stronger identity around indulgent treats for the whole family. All of this helps Target make consumer-centric decisions about our assortment, like the addition of 50 new F&B items for Easter and dozens more that we're launching just in time for the summer season, including a Favorite Day soda. Now it sounds simple, but the thoughtful, deliberate, holistic approach to designing, launching and managing our brands, it's the difference between rolling out catchall brands and the difference between that and building brands that consumers love because we're meeting their needs in a really meaningful way. 
Cara Sylvester: So bringing together Target Circle, Target Circle Card and Target Circle 360 simplifies and expands how we deliver value to our guests. And as we've been talking about, we've designed the program to give guests flexibility and control in how they shop. There's the Target Circle our guests know and love today that gives every member access to the best deals and rewards at Target. There's absolutely no cost to join. What's new is they can now shop target without having to search for and add offers. Deals are automatically applied at checkout, plus they'll continue to receive partner perks with Ulta Beauty and Apple and even more rewards through personalized bonuses based on their shopping behavior. For those guests who want to save even more, Target Circle Card offers an extra 5% off each trip. This is on top of the automatic savings they receive as Target Circle members, plus free 2-day shipping, extended time for returns and no annual fee. And with credit card, debit card or reloadable card options, consumers can find the product that's right for them. And finally, for those who want the magic of Target delivered to their door in as little as 1 hour, there's Target Circle 360, an extension of the same-day capabilities we've built since our acquisition of Shipt in 2017. Target Circle 360 members can order everything from groceries, to household essentials, to the newest must-have item with no additional fees, no markups and support from a preferred shopper. Members even have access to Shipt's multi-retailer marketplace, which gives them access to even more items from their favorite local stores. No waiting for days for boxes to arrive on your doorstep, just unlimited same-day delivery that we're rolling out to guests at the promotional price of $49, which will be the standard price for Target Circle cardholders.  Guests will have access to the new Target Circle starting April 7 and we can't wait for them to feel the difference. This is just the beginning for Target Circle. Our AI-powered models will continue to deepen our relationship with guests and enable us to deliver one-on-one personalization at scale. And with this new foundation in place, we'll continue adding benefits and perks based on what matters most to our guests, like exclusive partnerships, product offers and more so they can get the most out of shopping at Target. This goes back full circle, pun intended to how people are shopping today. Shopping is dynamic and so are we. The investments we're making reflect our focus on consumers' preferences and needs, so we continue to be their first choice for discovery, delight and experiences that make them smile.  That's Target's guest experience at its best, building connection and celebrating everyday moments in meaningful and memorable ways. Moving with our guests through their lives. So we're able to bring joy whenever we can. That's the Target magic, and it's what fuels our future. Now I'd like to welcome a familiar face with an expanded title to the stage, Michael Fiddelke. 
Cara Sylvester: Take it away. We're really excited to talk about it. And I think it's really important that we really anchor on the entire Target Circle ecosystem. That was really important to us. And the notion of accessibility and for all is really, really important. That's why we first are reimagining how we're thinking about delivering value. Our guests are really clear. They want value, affordability and they want ease and so we're making it even easier for our 100 million members to actually be able to get the deals and rewards that they want with automatic savings applied at checkout. I'll hit on your question around pricing in just a minute, but I think it's really important to talk about our cardholders as well. Today, the cardholders, that program doesn't work with Target Circle. And so what we're doing is we're actually bringing these 2 things together.  So that not only do you get 5% off every trip, and extended returns and free shipping, you also get all the benefits of the base Target Circle program, which are those deals that our guests love and those personalized rewards that are based specifically on your shopping behavior. The other thing that we're adding for our cardholders is an evergreen price of $49 for Target Circle 360. So if you are a cardholder for us, always on price will be $49, which is an amazing price, and it's less than $1 a week of the magic of Target delivered to your door.  For Target Circle 360, we're really excited to build on our strength in same-day delivery since our acquisition of Shipt in 2017, you will get the magic of Target delivered to your door in less than an hour. You'll also have access to the Shipt marketplace of benefits. You will also have access to all of those deals and rewards and personalized perks as part of the base Circle program. It's just the beginning for us, that $49 is an introductory promotional price for Target Circle 360. 
Cara Sylvester: Absolutely. We see -- we talk a lot about digital influence sales. We know how consumers are shopping today. And so many of us, right, are starting, even if you love shopping and only purchase in stores, you're using our app to check out what's new, to see if something is in stock, et cetera. So we understand the power of digitally influenced store sales. What we also see, though, is the power of store influenced digital sales because we know some guests are browsing in stores and actually are pulling up their app right while they're in the store and having impact digitally.  We certainly also see as we enter new markets, the power of our same-day services. That has been a shining star for us across the entire digital portfolio. I talked in my remarks about why that is in terms of the relationship that we have. And once guests try our same-day services, they love it. It is sticky in their lives. We are literally making their lives better. So we'll continue to build on that. But that's another great example. 
Cara Sylvester: Absolutely. And so as I think about the introduction of Target Circle 360, we are absolutely looking at a wide range of what partnerships could look like to add benefits. Importantly, though, we are always going to be listening to our guests. That is how we actually struck up our conversation and partnership with Ulta Beauty as well as what we offer in our base program today with Apple. And so we'll be guests led, not Target led as we think about the types of partnerships that will add value to our guest lives. I do want to hit on specifically your question around Shipt. We do not leverage any data of Shipt on their marketplace internally at Target as we think about our assortment. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, thank you. As we get ready to take your questions, I might get started with some of the questions I can imagine are on your mind this morning. First, are the updates we shared enough to get Target back to growth? The answer is absolutely. We're confident that the road map we've outlined today puts our core strengths, capabilities and points of difference to work in new ways with even greater value, relevance, ease for our current guests and U.S. consumers more broadly. This road map will help us meet consumers where they are to drive traffic, profitable sales growth, and long-term market share gains. Another question might be, can Target keep building on the profit improvement you put up last year. You just heard it for Michael, nearly $2 billion in 2023 of operating income growth, far outpacing our guidance. More than $0.5 billion in cost savings from our ongoing efficiency efforts, giving us a fast start on our multiyear efficiency goals and realistic expectations for additional improvement in our operating margin rate this year as we move towards our 6% goal. Ultimately, I'm sure you're asking, what does this mean for shareholders over time? And that brings us back to our emphasis on long-term horizons and the durability of our business model. Again, you heard it from Michael. From 2013 to 2023, revenue grew by almost 50%, while earnings per share and the annual dividend more than doubled. The progress we made last year in shifting the momentum of our business, defining our road map for growth and improving our profit performance has set us up to resume share repurchase, potentially later this year. We know that's been an important source of shareholder returns over time. But since most of you know our capital priorities as well as we do at this point, I'm guessing you noticed that I'm ending with the priority that's been on top of the list for decades. Simply put, investing in the right strategies and capabilities for our consumers and our business is a surest way to deliver outstanding shareholder returns over decades. As you've seen in the last decade, there's a lot we can't control in the operating environment, but we are in charge of our financial decisions and the business plans and investments that drive our performance. We know that if we perform well for consumers, their market will reward investors who are fueling those efforts. That's why you've seen us highlight our road map this morning. It reflects our team's eagerness to grow, and more importantly, our plan to execute on that ambition. It's how we're putting the assets and capabilities we've built in the last decade to work in ways that are inspiring and in step with how consumers will be shopping in the next decade.  Keep in mind strengths that are unique to us, a comprehensive competitive position, a position that's difficult to replicate because no one can put it all together like Target. We've said it before, it's the power of [ brand ], from our stores and digital experiences to our fulfillment options, our multi-category portfolio, our signature brand partnerships, our own brand [indiscernible] and above all, our global team. Our 400,000 Target team members and a talented and dedicated and determined leadership team, who have led and will keep leading our team through go time. But make no mistakes, everyone at Target from the check lane to the C-suite is committed to the next era of grow time. Now we look forward to hearing from you. I'll ask Christina, Cara and Michael to join me back on stage so we can take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Christina, I think that's a great place to start. And you can talk about the work we've done with our global sourcing teams to make sure we are evolving the way we buy goods across the country. 
Brian Cornell: I'd only add that even in 2023, as we took a more conservative approach in discretionary categories, Christina, Rick and Jill's teams certainly leaned into key seasonal moments to make sure that we had the right newness, the right affordability as guests continue to celebrate those key seasonal moments. We'll do more of that in 2024 as we continue to make sure we adjust our flexibility to meet the needs of guests as they continue to change their shopping patterns. Let's go over on the side. Michael. 
Brian Cornell: I'm happy to start, Michael. And we're not going to provide you the waterfall today that breaks all those components apart, but everything you've talked about is baked into our plans. We certainly expect new stores to be a major contributor as we go forward. Michael talked about, over a decade, we expect those 300 new stores to generate about $15 billion of incremental revenue. We'll continue to invest in remodels. And we've got a long track record of seeing those remodels deliver really good returns.  We'll continue to lean into our own brands, our national brands and those great brand partnerships to make sure we're providing our guests with the newness and inspiration they're looking for. We're very excited. As you heard from Cara about the new Target Circle program, the benefits of that base program, circle card and the excitement around Target 360 and how that will extend our same-day offering to guests, bring it right to their home within an hour.  So each one of those elements play a key role. We're very excited about the enhancements we've made from an overall digital standpoint to provide more ease and inspiration and discovery for our guests. And both Michael and Cara talked about the upward potential we see in Roundel. So they'll all play a key role as we go forward. But I think it fundamentally starts with us understanding consumer trends, how consumers are shopping today and we'll shop differently going forward and continue to meet their needs, no matter how they want to shop with Target. Either in a physical store, in a digital environment, whether it starts with social or they're just walking into a great neighborhood Target store. So each element is going to contribute to our road map for growth.  And underneath all of that is that continued focus on retail fundamentals, the blocking and tackling that makes sure we provide our guests a great physical and digital experience, making sure we're always in stock that we leverage our crux, that we provide great affordability and we're there to provide a great guest experience no matter how you shop with our brand. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Michael, I'm happy to start because I know it's a topic on everyone's mind. And when I think about shortage, when I think about shrink, I'll start with the word progress. I think we're seeing really solid progress and greater awareness at the national, state and local level. And certainly, our teams have been working to ensure we provide a great guest experience and provide an experience that's safe for our team and safe for our guests. And Michael, I think our teams have made significant progress, but a lot more to come. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Michael, I'd only add that taking a very measured approach to setting priorities year-by-year. We see opportunities in stores, in supply chain, opportunities to better leverage technology to continue to build on that efficiency road map. So year after year, we'll reset priorities to make sure we're laser-focused on delivering those results, and they'll build over time. All right. Back over here. 
Brian Cornell: I just want to take this moment and I hope many of our leaders back home are listening and just thank the Circle team, the teams have been working on this program for months and months. Our tech teams have been supporting them and the entire effort that the organization has put behind bringing this forward today. As you can doubt, we are really excited about the future Target Circle and think it's going to be a major growth driver and deepen guest relevance and bring new consumers into the target franchise. All right. Back up front. 
Brian Cornell: Ed, it's a great question. I'm happy to start. And actually, over the last couple of years, you've seen us move from a focus on small stores, and we can talk about the performance there to more larger-sized stores as we see new opportunities and catchments where we haven't competed in the past. And we've been very pleased with the performance of these new full-size stores as well as the continued performance in urban centers and on college campuses.  So as we look at our pipeline going forward, we recognize there's opportunities for more full-size stores, extend our proximity, bring the best of Target into some new trading areas. And as part of that, you will see us continue to expand our food and beverage offering. Rick talked about the progress we've seen in food and beverage and adding over $8 billion in the last couple of years and the strength of a brand like Good & Gather and for many of you who are tracking the consumer packaged goods industry, there aren't a lot of $4 billion brands out there.  And we launched that brand just prior to the pandemic. And we just continue to see the steady growth and how our guests react to the quality and value we bring with Good & Gather. So we're excited about the pipeline. It will be more larger-sized stores. There will be a broader food offering. And we're going to be moving into trade areas where we can pick up incremental volume and market share because we, in many cases, just haven't competed in these trade areas in the past. Michael, do you want to talk about some of the returns we're seeing with some of our smaller stores. 
Brian Cornell: And I'd add 3 more points as we think about small formats. And we're here in Manhattan. 10 years ago, we really didn't have a brand presence in Manhattan. Today, we have over a dozen locations, and we're in many of the different neighborhoods across the city. We've now been connecting with a consumer that we couldn't reach in the past. And we're going to build a long-term relationship there. We're on many college campuses across the country. We know the value of building a connection with college students while they're on campus and the lifelong benefits that's going to provide for our brand as they move into their first apartment or have their first child and start their families. And one of the other things like Christina build on it is the work we've done with smaller formats has allowed us to understand a lot more about segmentation and getting the assortment right geography by geography.  So as we move into new markets, we're going to get much better at segmentation, having the right assortment that reflects the demand in those local markets. So there have been 3 really important benefits of our small format journey. We're touching new cities where we didn't have our presence in the past. We'll build a lifelong connection with college students, and we've learned a lot more about segmenting our assortment. 
Brian Cornell: Cara, one of the things you and I talked a lot is as we open up new stores, there's certainly a physical store component. We drive a lot of new revenue. But there's also benefits from a digital standpoint as we introduce the brand to new communities, you want to expand on some of the things we've learned. 
Brian Cornell: Well, Michael, this is a surprise. We've made it all the way to the last few minutes of our conference today, and this is the first time we've had a question about gross margin. 
Brian Cornell: I'll just finished up that discussion by saying, I think we've learned time and time again. We make really good decisions when we listen to the guests and listen to the broader consumer trends. Some of the things we rolled out recently. Starbucks for our Drive Up guest. We didn't come up with that. They was the guest saying, "Well, if Target could only provide me with my favorite Starbucks product, I'd enjoy this drive experience even more." If you could take my returns, I would really be pleased. So we respond to what the guests and the consumer tells us, and that's going to guide us for years to come. All right. We've got time for one final question. So I guess we're going right over here. 
Brian Cornell: And Chris, from a market share standpoint, I can assure everyone here, we look at market share in a very granular way every single week across our entire portfolio. And we're going to be very focused on taking market share as we go forward. I'll step back, not just look at the last year, but the last several years. And if I go all the way back to the prepandemic, we've added billions and billions of dollars of revenue growth. I think, Michael, over $30 billion.  And we've deepened our relationship with guests along the way. We've added more capabilities and features. We've deepened partnerships. And those are going to guide us to be even a more relevant retailer and partner for consumers and guests for years to come. So we are very focused right now over not just the next year, but the next 10 years, to continue to drive even more traffic to our stores and visit store site to make sure we are a company that's driving top line growth because we know that's the best way to reward our shareholders.  And we are absolutely going to be razor-focused on taking market share as we go forward. And sitting here today, we know there are significant opportunities across virtually every aspect of our portfolio, whether it's the work that Jill is leading and apparel and home or the work Rick is doing from a food and beverage standpoint and a beauty and essential standpoint, whether it's physical stores or digital, we see a pathway for continued market share growth, and we'll look at that every single week and talk about it every quarter because we know that's critically important to our road map for growth.  So I appreciate everyone who joined us in person today. Those of you who have joined us through the video and the conference. Thanks so much. We look forward to seeing you and hearing from you during our first quarter earnings report. So thank you so much. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. And maybe just add on that by kind of reinforcing a point Brian made. I love the fact you can't decompose our strategy and to discrete things. It's how they work together, a guest engaging with circle that finds discretionary category discovery within that experience. And so it's never 1 plus 1 equals 2. We're hoping 1 plus 1 plus 1 equals 10. And it's how all of it comes together. You asked a question specifically on the cadence as we move through the year. I touched on it a little bit in my remarks, we anniversaried some of the strongest business last year in Q1, and so we would expect to see a build as we move through 2024. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. I mean I can't say enough about the hard work of the teams that have led to that ton of progress that Brian hit on. And the way that rolls into our [indiscernible] is we're expecting shrink to be flat year-over-year. We learned a lot in the first quarter. We inventory a lot of stores in Q1, and so it will be smarter a quarter from now. But that progress has us expecting for a lagging metric flat, and we'll see what we've learned as we go through the year. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. Well, I'm happy to start. The teams work against a tough top line to deliver that efficiency progress this year. It's a great start, and I can view that as a down payment toward that $2 billion to $3 billion that we expect to get over time. The things are a little closer in that were highlights of that this year. I'd call out the continued benefits of something like our sortation centers. We have a sortation center in a market ,we're faster and we're cheaper than other forms of delivery.  I also -- I mean we touched on a little bit in the conversation already, but it warrants another shout out. The benefit of exceptionally well-managed inventory just shows up everywhere. We're so much more productive in-store and in our DCs when inventory is well managed. And so I feel really good about the team's work there in 2023. I feel great about our inventory position as we step into 2024. And I would expect our teams to continue taking the growth we've seen and the growth we expect and to translate that more into more efficiencies over time. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes, we won't break out ticket versus traffic. But the theme I'll talk about that we've seen this year is a moderation of inflation, I think, but disinflation is the word of the quarter in retail. That's a good thing for the consumer. You've heard it for the consumer. You've heard us talk about that being one of the inputs, some share of wallet recovery on the discretionary side of things. And so we're pleased to see that ticket pressure because we think it's a good thing for the U.S. consumer. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes, we feel really good about the returns of those small stores. And it's great to have that flexibility in kind of our toolbox of what's the right thing to build for the opportunity in a specific market. And to be clear, going forward, if the right opportunity can be fit with a 25,000 square foot box that brings us closer to a college campus or an urban center. We know how to do that. We like the returns, and we'll lean in there. But as we step back, and look at what that pipeline looks like in total. It's actually the big box stores where we're able to bring the best of Target that are bubbling to the top in terms of where we expect returns to be strongest. And so we'll lean in to that shift over time. And if our properties team was here on the stage with us, they could roll out a map of the U.S. and show a bunch of main and main locations where we'd love to bring Targets to new communities, and we feel good about what that pipeline looks like. 
Michael Fiddelke: Excited to get the question as always. We'll, I can start by unpacking a little bit what we saw in Q4, and there's some consistent themes to what we saw in the broader part of the year because the theme of gross margin recovery this year. And I think Q4 and the year, we were just shy of 3 percentage points of improvement in gross margin. Better inventory management, we saved a lot of markdowns and costs that were associated with some of the inventory challenges that we had a couple of years ago. So on a year-over-year basis, that's a big source of improvement. Within there too, freight and transportation is in a much better place today from a cost perspective, not all the way back to 2019 levels, but on a year-over-year basis, another significant source of improvement. In addition, we also see benefit from digital and supply chain to the tune of, I think, 50 basis points in the right direction for the quarter and the year.  And that's a combination of being more productive as inventory levels have been better managed and a little bit of tailwind from fewer brown boxes shipped with our brown box business being down on a year-over-year basis. As we look ahead to next year, all of our best assumptions are wrapped into the EPS guidance we've given. And a little bit of deleveraging, given a cautious view on the top line with some continued improvement in gross margin, we think is going to be the right recipe going forward.  When it comes to a Target Circle instead of speaking to any specific assumption within that business case, I think of Target Circle is about growth. When we meet our guests with the right value proposition in a free loyalty program and the right value proposition and Target delivered to your doorstep through Target 360 and if you're looking for 5% more every day, we've got to Target Circle card for you. All of that is about stronger relevancy in growth.  And so the line of the P&L, I'm most excited about from a Target Circle standpoint is growth. And time and time again, if we think about the P&L through the lens of the guests, we get to the right decisions. It costs us a little bit more to serve a Drive Up order than it does an in-store trip. But when guests start using Drive Up, we've described it before, it continues to be true. They spend 20% to 30% more at Target thereafter. And so we're making decisions with what we think drives the most value and growth in total. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. So as we look at the first quarter, I think the key thing there is our cautious approach on the top line, and there's some differences year-over-year in what we anniversary, but that's a source of pressure in the first quarter. As we get back to growth, deeper in the year, we'll see some of that pressure subsides. So that's the headline on that one, Chris. 
