John Mulligan: Yes, the combination of that, with the store remodel program, very consistent with what we've seen over the past several quarters, somewhere between 25 to 30 basis points of impact. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think your view of Q4 is right. I think, in particular, this Q4 will be particularly difficult given the 53rd week and the way the calendar shifts this year. You'll recall, we're going to lose 6 business days between Thanksgiving and Christmas this year, which will make the comp feel much more difficult than it otherwise might. I think over the longer term, we just continue to think a 3% comp is about the right place to be. If you look again at our company over 15 years or 20 years, if you net out the contribution of new store annualization, we essentially ran a, pretty consistently, a 3% comp over time through good times and tougher times. So we think in an economic environment that might just be a little bit better than today -- it doesn't have to improve drastically, but a little better than today, we think a 3% comp makes sense. 
John Mulligan: I think you'll continue to see D&A grow throughout this year as we continue to put significant assets into service, and we'll provide a little bit more color, I think, as we get later into the year and have a little bit more clarity about sales, margin and the entire P&L, we'll provide a little bit more clarity about the entire P&L for Canada. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think first, I'd start with how we think about this longer term. And we think about, from a longer-term perspective, sales through all of our channels, regardless of the channel, you need to generate a return. I think -- and a return on investment that's similar to what we see in our current U.S. store base. What we see today is -- honestly, we're learning a lot about that channel, and a lot of this depends on how we're going to ultimately settle on a supply chain that our guest wants to interact with us, how much is ship from store, how much is ship to store, that will have a significant impact, ultimately, on the EBITDA margin rates of that particular channel. But I think, once again, depending on where those EBITDA margin rates land, sales or capital will move around. And we feel very confident that we'll get back to a return that makes sense. Having said all of that, I think as it relates to the rates embedded within that channel, we feel very comfortable that ultimately, we'll get back and operate it at that 10% EBITDA rate that we've said is part of our long-range plan. 
John Mulligan: Yes, Matt, the only thing I'd add is it's a little bit hard to see, with the inventory on the balance sheet. The inventory per store in the U.S. is essentially flat to last year. All of the inventory build year-over-year is attributable to Canada. So we feel really good about where the inventory positions are in aggregate. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think you're right. First of all, the vast majority of that is multi-channel technology. And we've said, a little bit of missed timing here, we expect to offset that on the year with expense savings and improvements we're making in our business, but the investment coming a little bit ahead of that. To your second point, I think that's absolutely right. And it's interesting, we said this last year, when our sales accelerate or decelerate rapidly from our expectations, we tend to see our SG&A lag both directions. It doesn't climb as fast when sales go up, like last year, and it doesn't come down quite as quickly when we see sales decelerate. And as we adapt to wherever sales are going to be, you'll see our SG&A settle in at a more appropriate level. 
John Mulligan: I think the one thing I'd remind you is we only had a half a quarter's worth of profit-sharing with TD. Next quarter, we'll have a full quarter's worth of profit-sharing with TD. 
John Mulligan: Yes. No, question in that -- what we're seeing. I think we talked about this a little bit 3 or 4 -- or 5 weeks ago when we were together. You'll see the ramp-up in our expense initiatives throughout the year and through next year, actually. Many of them are a little bit longer lead times to pull out expense, all the easy stuff we've done a long, long time ago. So we do expect, through time, SG&A will come down and manage to a level that is more appropriate. 
John Mulligan: Yes, Bob, and the only thing I'd add, I don't think we need to run traffic numbers like we did last year in the first quarter to generate that 3% comp. I think if you look over the past several years, about 0.5 point of traffic combined with ticket gets us to a 3% comp. And that's about the formula that we feel really good about. 
John Mulligan: I think the only thing I'd add, Deb, is we have a little bit of a mixed headwind, which is positive from our perspective. Mobile, in general, has a much lower conversion rate than the site. And our mobile is growing much, much faster than the site. We think that's good because we think that's where things are going, and it also shows that she is spending a lot of time with us on our -- on the mobile applications we have. But conversion is just naturally lower there, and so it creates a little bit of a mixed number as we look at the aggregate. 
John Mulligan: I think we've said it a couple of times, the Affordable Care Act, the changes for us will be relatively -- well, they won't be relatively, they will not be material externally. We're still continuing to work through all the regulations and what we will exactly do, but it won't be material changes to what we're doing today or financially, from a financial perspective. 
John Mulligan: I think I'd just add a little color to that. I think Apparel, for instance, the 2-year stack is around a 2, running that consistently through time, we'd feel really good about running 2s in Apparel. And as Kathy said, Home is positive, and that's a big improvement from where Home has been over the past several years. So on a 2-year basis, we feel good about both those businesses. 
John Mulligan: Yes, that's difficult to parse out, and the example I would give you is exactly what Gregg said, where we started with the stores stacked very heavily. We know through time, we have to refine that model. Is that onetime expense or operating expense? Certainly, the expenses related to hiring team members early and training them as the next cycle of stores will open up. That is all onetime and will drift away. What I'd tell you is, through time, we expect, ultimately well down the road, to get to an SG&A rate that makes sense and productivities that are very similar to the U.S. So as I said before, as we get a little bit more clarity, right now, expense dominates the P&L in Canada. And as we get more clarity on sales, margin, operations later in the year, we'll provide a lot more color about how we expect those stores to operate. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Both the stores with the matching of competitors, physical ads and the online match has been fairly stable and has not grown materially over the last quarter. So it still represents a very small portion of our transaction, and that's because our everyday price and our promotional prices are so strong. There is generally not much of a gap, if any. So we continue to watch our competitive prices on a day-in and day-out basis and move where we have to be competitive in the marketplace. And so we expect, over time, this not to change all that much. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes, like we said, the teams did a very good job of responding to the sales shortfall and retiming receipts and making cancellations. We're going to know a heck of a lot more in the next 30 days as we see what happens and what -- how the sales of these categories play out before we have to take markdowns in the 4th of July. And if we get really good weather and we have good sell-throughs, then we're going to be right back on plan. If things stay damp and cool for an extended period of time, there might be some risk. But where [ph] -- we don't expect to see significant risk whatsoever. So we're talking about things on the edges right now. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes, I would say, out of the blocks, 38% was a little higher than we expected because the mix was a little better than we expected out of the blocks. Now whether it's in Canada or the U.S, clearly, when we open a new store, we get a higher gross margin rate, but the mix was even higher than the higher -- than we expected. So we do expect that to settle down and be slightly higher than what it is in the U.S. because we expect the mix to be a little bit better than it is here in the U.S. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, I wouldn't call it hoopla. I would just say that the guests were very, very excited, and we experienced tremendous surges in sales. And it's just very, very early to draw any conclusions. And we really wanted to deliver a great experience, and so to a certain extent, we went in with staffing levels to make sure that we were taking care of the guests both at the front end, that we had the right team members there for the supply chain, and we had the right teams on the sales floors. So we know that over time, and in our run-state condition, we have to work hard at making sure that we get our productivity levels where the business model dictates them to be. And we know our gross margins will settle in, and we've got to become more productive and run the business. Over time, our consumables share will grow because that's the hardest trip to change with the guests. And so we're going to continue to focus on those frequency-oriented categories, so that we can not only get the good mix that we're getting, but we want to now start driving more trip frequency into the store. And we didn't want to come out of the blocks by hitting those categories too hard because we wanted to make sure that we led with our strength. And we wanted to make sure that all the supply chains and the operational disciplines were in place. We feel very confident now that they are. So we're ready to start making those kinds of adjustments in merchandising, in supply chain and in store operations to start refining the model. 
Gregg Steinhafel: I'll take the first one. I think the traffic -- this was a -- it was a disappointing quarter for us. We had very, very strong traffic last year. There was pluses and minuses throughout 2012. And we expect traffic trends to get stronger as the year goes on. And we have all of our initiatives designed to not only deepen the relationship but build frequency. So we'll perhaps be a little bit more aggressive on price. You have to look at the competitive environment. It was a little bit more aggressive than it had been in the past, where there was more emphasis on price, and that, I think, impacted a little bit. But overall, we really expect to be able to generate traffic levels that are flattish, give or take, over normalized periods of time. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, we feel good about where we are. I mean, we've been working on this for a long time, and we continue to deploy resources to get better and better at that. So this is just a long-term initiative that we have to continue to focus on, whether it's in food, whether it's demographics, whether it is ethnic groups. We've just got to continue to get better at our localization efforts. And we think we've made good progress there, and we are going to continue to focus on it. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Okay. Thank you. That concludes Target's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you all for your participation. 
Kathryn Tesija: We did see better results in areas that had more normal weather, so that would primarily be the West Coast. And they were toughest in those Seasonal categories where we saw weather off the most, and that would be primarily in the Midwest. So we did see quite a swing between the different geographies. 
Kathryn Tesija: The only other thing that I would add is, this time of year, our Seasonal categories can be a big traffic driver for Target. And clearly, they weren't in the quarter, and they were last year. So all of the things you mentioned, 5%, PFresh, help us all year long. But during key Seasonal categories -- key Seasonal timeframes, we need those categories to drive traffic as well. 
Kathryn Tesija: Our conversion has been improving over the past year, Deb. And we were up slightly in this quarter as well. So we're really pleased with the improvements that we've made on the site. But I'll tell you, we still feel we have a long way to go with conversion, and we are very committed to continuing to work on our navigation and our search function and the basic functionality of our site to continue to make big improvements there. 
Kathryn Tesija: So if you look at conversion on our site, it's up to last year. If you look at conversion on mobile, it's up to last year, but because of the big growth in mobile, to John's point, conversion comes down slightly in aggregate. 
Kathryn Tesija: I would just say, Deb, I think it's a little early to learn from Canada and bring that back to the U.S. I will tell you, though, we learned a lot from CityTargets that we applied to Canada. So as you know, those stores are in dense urban areas, and so are our Canada stores -- so we took a lot of that learning and the testing that we did last year and applied that to what we're doing in Canada. And throughout this year, of course, we'll be reading the Canada results and bringing that back to the U.S. But the same teams work on localization for both countries. 
Kathryn Tesija: Well, when we look at the stack comps, we feel a lot better about it. Since you're just looking at this quarter, both were positive, if we look on a stack basis. Going forward, our compare in second quarter is not as nearly as difficult as our first quarter, so we would expect our comps to improve. And over time, we want that 2-year stack to improve. We're not happy with flat or up slightly. We want to make sure that we're making progress there. But it was, on a 2-year basis, better. 
Kathryn Tesija: This is something that we are always looking at and adjusting. But I guess I would tell you I don't feel like we've gone too far. Our inventory, as John mentioned, our average inventory per store is flat to last year. It's actually up a bit in apparel, given the softer sales in the first quarter. So we're always looking at that. We look as much at out-of-stocks as we do in-stocks, in trying to improve those stores. So it's a constant focus for us, and we can always improve. But I feel pretty good about where we are right now in terms of in-stocks. 
