Brian Cornell: Thanks, Michael. Before we turn to your questions, I want to pick up on something Michael just mentioned, which is the growing agility of our team. This comes in part from a heightened focus on prioritization in which we ask our team to focus on a small list of key enterprise-wide priorities, with a goal of making much more rapid progress towards the goals that matter most.  With prioritization, we've also seen more alignment across the organization. Regardless of where specific team members might work, our enterprise priorities guide their decision-making, allowing them to take action and change course faster when facing rapidly changing external conditions.  Beyond prioritization and alignment, we've also achieved a higher degree of collaboration. When tackling business problems, it becomes easier for everyone to communicate and partner cross-functionally to achieve our common goals together.  Prioritization, alignment, collaboration, 3 important concepts that deliver compelling outcomes in a large organization like ours. And in our remarks today, you've heard us highlight some of those benefits, which helped drive strong Q3 performance despite challenging macro conditions: a unified focus on serving our guests; collaboration between merchandising, marketing and operations teams as they optimize holiday promotions; joint efforts between our stores, supply chain, merchants and vendors to address supply chain bottlenecks and find solutions in support of our inventory.  To say we're feeling the impact of those benefits already this holiday season would be an understatement. In fact, I place them alongside our multi-category portfolio, our unmatched same-day services and the skill of our extraordinary team as keys to our holiday readiness.  So once again, I want to thank our team. There is no question that because of their dedication and connection to our guests, we stand ready for an exceptionally strong holiday season. Throughout the team, across every function, I've seen the energy and passion as they prepare for the busiest season of the year. And I'm confident that same energy and passion will ensure Target's consistent and sustainable growth over the longer term as well.  Now Christina, John, Michael and I would be happy to take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Chris, as we sit here today, we see continued momentum in the marketplace, and our guests to shopping, all of our categories, utilizing both our stores and our digital channels, and we think that's going to continue throughout the holiday season. All indications are that the U.S. consumers looking to celebrate the holiday season, they are anxious to get together with family and friends. We've seen a great response to seasonal activity as we look at the first 3 quarters of the year. Record Halloween season, very strong back-to-school, back-to-college, a guest that we believe is going to enjoy Thanksgiving with family and friends and is really looking forward to the holiday season, which means robust gifting throughout the season.  So we're off to a very good start. We think that's going to continue throughout the holiday season. And we think we made the appropriate investments in inventory. Our inventory levels are up $2 billion, almost 20%. And we think we're well positioned with those key items. The gifting items, the toys, those items the guest is going to turn to celebrate the season to make sure we build on our third quarter momentum and continue to take market share as we go through the holiday season. 
Brian Cornell: Kelly, you've heard us say a number of times already today, we're investing in growth. We're investing to maintain and continue to build market share positions and build on the extraordinary results that we delivered last year, where we added $9 billion of market share and continue to see that momentum grow in 2021. So we're a company that's going to continue to invest in growth, do the right thing for our team, the right thing for the guest, and utilize all of our assets to continue to build on the momentum that we have today and build market share across all of our key categories. 
Brian Cornell: Kelly, I'll start, and then I'll ask John to provide any additional comments. But we've certainly seen supply chain challenges going all the way to the start of the pandemic as demand across the U.S. continued to build. So we've done a terrific job. And I think our teams have shown great agility. They've adjusted to the marketplace to make sure that we've been able to meet the demand in our system. But we don't expect those supply chain challenges to go away as we go into the start of next year. And I think they'll dissipate over time.  So we're doing our fair share to make sure that we're alleviating some of the congestion in the ports and making sure that we're unpacking containers and off-peak hours. We've utilized other ports across the country to try to relieve some of the congestion in L.A. Long Beach. But as John can attest, we know that we're going to still face some supply chain challenges as we go into 2022. There's still uncertainty as we think about supply from Asia as different factories from time to time are closed. And we're just going to have to show great flexibility and agility to provide the products that our guests are looking for and our system requires as we plan for the next fiscal year. 
Brian Cornell: I'll start. I think one of the positive surprises for us in Q3 was just the continued strength in traffic. To see our traffic grow by almost 13% was something that we actually didn't anticipate. We certainly were planning for a very strong quarter and continued market share gains.  But to see the type of performance across our business, the strength of stores, comping up almost 10%, in a period when we were comping over a 9.9% growth rate in the prior year, to see our digital business grow by almost 30%, comping over 155% growth the year before, those numbers are actually stronger than we might have expected. To see the consistent growth across every one of our major merchandising categories, double-digit growth, just the way the guest was responding to our assortment, the value we were delivering, the great in-store experience, those were all really positive results in the quarter and actually exceeded our expectations when we were planning for Q3. Operator, we have time for 1 more question today. 
Brian Cornell: Robbie, why don't I start and let Christina add to my comments. But I think you've highlighted one of the real success stories within our business over the last few years. And the progress we've made from a Food & Beverage standpoint, the changes we've made in assortment, the market share gains that we've seen quarter after quarter now for multiple years, and the great response we're seeing to our own brands, and the strength and response we're seeing to Good & Gather is a real highlight for us.  But as Christina can build in more detail, we're also seeing tremendous growth in our Beauty business, and ongoing strength in Household Essentials. And that's helping drive trips and leads to cross shopping across our multi-category portfolio. So the position we're in today in Food & Beverage is dramatically different from where we were 5 years ago. We're connecting with the guest. The quality, the assortment, the value we deliver is being really well received from the guest who shops our stores. And we're seeing accelerated growth with our Food & Beverage business from a digital standpoint. 
Brian Cornell: Robbie, thank you. And that, operator, concludes our third quarter conference call. We look forward to talking to all of you as we go into 2022. So thank you.
Michael Fiddelke: Thanks for the question, Michael. As you know, we don't guide margins specifically out into future quarters. But I will say and reiterate what I said in my remarks. I think you're seeing in the third quarter, the result of some very specific investments we made. And the biggest of those investments is an investment to make sure we've got a great inventory position heading into the fourth quarter. And pulling all the levers within the system to ensure we're there for the guest has been our priority. And some of those levers, think of expediting product to come at a cost, and you saw some of that in the third quarter.  But I feel really good about the payoff from an investment decision like that. We've got inventory of $2 billion north of last year, up almost 20% on a year-over-year basis. And that's fueling the continued top line growth that we see. So I feel really good about the set of investments that we're making and how they have us positioned for the back part of the year. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. On the SG&A side, I think the theme you see in Q3 is just an example of how powerful productivity improvements that come with growth are for our business. We generate astounding leverage when the top line is running forcibly in the right direction, and it certainly was in the third quarter. That's one of the reasons. We want to make sure we're so well positioned to support continued growth because the P&L works great when we're generating that SG&A leverage, just like you saw in Q3. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. Chris, we -- you're thinking about it conceptually, I'd say, in the right way, in that the third quarter and fourth quarter kind of straddle the big inventory build and relief that happens for us in advance of the holiday season every year. And so those will be the factors at play, while I won't begin to get into the specifics of that level of gross margin for what that means in Q4. But I just zoom out and I feel really good about our ability to manage all of the levers and to see EPS growth of almost 9% in the third quarter, and yes, some investment in gross margin, but also a ton of leverage on the SG&A line. And we feel really good about how that positions us for the fourth quarter and the investments in inventory. And importantly, the investments in value for our guests, I think, will be investments that continue to pay off. 
Michael Fiddelke: Well, thanks for the question, Karen. It's -- I guess I'd start by saying it's wrapped into the guidance we've given for the balance of the year. We would expect op income rate of 8% or higher. And that's inclusive of a lot of moving pieces and puts and takes throughout the P&L. But I'll tell you the place that starts is growth, and that's why high single-digit to low double-digit expectations for the fourth quarter are kind of where the short-term algorithm starts. And with that kind of growth, we feel confident in our ability to put together a P&L that works.  The time will be right in the future to unpack the future year algorithm. But I will say, over time, we expect to be a growth company. We expect to be a company that's growing the top line and gaining share over time. And that's where that algorithm will start. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. I describe us as still chasing. The strength in the top line means that we're still not seeing those clearance markdowns return in force, like you've heard me talk about quarter-over-quarter. And so that said, we feel really good about how inventory is positioned for the fourth quarter. And so that $2 billion higher than last year, up almost 20%, it means we'll be ready to serve our guests for the important holiday season. 
