Gregg Steinhafel: As I mentioned earlier, we're very pleased with our financial performance in the first half of 2011, and we're planning on delivering strong results in the fall season. We believe that a focus on both sides of our Expect More Pay Less brand promise will prepare Target to perform well in a variety of economic environments.  One final note. At tomorrow's financial community meeting in New York, we'll extend our outlook beyond 2011, outlining our strategic initiatives while providing additional detail on our longer, long-term financial goals. For those of you unable to attend, we'll webcast both the remarks and visuals live. That concludes today's prepared remarks. Now Doug, Kathy and I will be happy to respond to your questions.
Gregg Steinhafel: The only other thing that I would add, Jeff, is because we're -- we have high expectations for our online business now that we're converting to our own platform, we've been focusing more attention on other online retailers, and we've added them to the mix to make sure that we really understand the breadth and the depth of those competitive retailers. So that's really the only meaningful change that I would say we've made over the last 6 months.
Gregg Steinhafel: Food and consumables represents midway point between 15% and 20% of our sales. By the end of this year, we will have completed approximately 900 out of the, say, 1,400 or 1,500 stores, general merchandise stores that we're going to be PFresh-ing. So that's 60%, 65% by the end of the year.
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, I mean, they never abandoned the other side of the aisle. They're just slightly more confident in the second quarter than they were in the first quarter. I mean, we've laid out the case, as Doug mentioned earlier, that we expected our same-store sales to accelerate throughout the course of the year. There's still pressure on the discretionary categories. But I think over time, if we offer the right items at the right price and we're offering value and our merchants do a great job, like they have been in terms of merchandising within the discretionary category, we'll continue to gain share and that side of the business will strengthen. We saw some of that in the second quarter, and we expect that to continue as we go forward.
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes, I mean, the pattern hasn't really changed materially from what we've been experiencing over the last 2 years. We get in immediately -- immediate large bump in our food business and related crossover categories, and we get a very slight increase in nondiscretionary. And over time, we expect to convert more of that traffic to the nondiscretionary -- or to the discretionary side of the business. But that's a long-term objective of ours. So out-of-the-box, it's primarily food, it's health and beauty aids, it's household chemicals, papers and those kind of related categories. And it's really about engaging the guests, getting her more comfortable shopping our stores more often, building loyalty and trust on the need side of the business, on the frequency side of the business, and then we will continue to market to her all the other great things that we have throughout the store. So the food is a planned trip, and then the less-planned trips, she will experiment and she will spend more time on the other side of the store as we begin to market those categories more aggressively to her via direct mail, receipt tape marketing and some of the other alternatives that we have.
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes. I think what we're saying, Deb, is going forward, PFresh, 5% Rewards, that is so integrated into our strategy, that is really our base comp going forward. There really isn't a core base remaining group anymore because we've got 5% everywhere. There are no control stores. We have, by the end of the third quarter, PFresh-ed over 900 stores. There aren't good comparisons. We've done the best stores, best market. And so that really becomes the great one-two punch, and it's integrated. That really is the base business of Target going forward is it's the combination of those 2 elements that represents our base and our core.
Gregg Steinhafel: We have a plan for 2012 and 2013. We have planned for -- we haven't released the number next year, but we really believe that this is the right strategy. It has delivered great results. And so we are planning to continue with PFresh in 2012 and 2013, completing the chain. These are going to be fill-back stores in existing markets because there aren't any markets that we haven't already initiated this change. But this is core part of the strategy. And regardless of what's going on in Target Canada, we're going to continue and get through the balance of the chain over the next 2 years -- or 90-plus percent of the chain.
Gregg Steinhafel: Okay. Well, that concludes Target's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you all for your participation, and we'll see most or all of you tomorrow in New York.
Kathryn Tesija: Yes, I'll start, Jeff, with your first question, about the holiday opportunity. And we do think that we have a lot of opportunity in the fourth quarter in a variety of categories. One, I would say certainly, Toys, which started off the holiday season very strong but ended weak, I think, we've got some opportunity, particularly in the month of December. And we've looked at our guests' buying patterns actually on a weekly basis throughout the holiday season to make sure that we're tailoring our assortment and our promotions with their mindset during each week of the holiday season, so I feel great about that category. Electronics was also challenging, but I do think some of the trends that you've seen building this spring with the iPad, for example, or e-readers, I think that those will bode well for the back half of the year. And we overindex with products like that. That's prime territory for our guests. I also think that our Apparel business has been gaining strength, and I think that bodes well for the holiday season, as well as a lot of the gift categories in Home. So we've talked about the improvement there really being led by Housewares. And I see that helping us as we move into the fourth quarter. In terms of our competitive analysis, I don't know that, that's changed. We continue to look at the same people, a wide variety of competitors. But I guess I would tell you that we're really focused on our game, making sure we understand our guests and how our products fit with their needs, so we haven't really changed how we look at competitors.
Kathryn Tesija: I don't think there have been many surprises. I would say guests continue to shop. Some of them are very planful and they shop early. The majority of guests, though, continue to buy close to need. So we still have a ways to go here before the exact results of Back-to-School, Back-to-College. But I would tell you that the early shopping results from Back-to-School supplies was very strong, and we saw guests trading into better product, which we were pleased with. I guess the only thing I would say is that I do think the competitive environment has been a little bit more reasonable this year in Back-to-School supplies. And so again, we've got the bulk of the season ahead of us. We'll see how that progresses, but so far so good.
Kathryn Tesija: Well, I would tell you, obviously, they're both up in the first half. As we talked about previously, we were looking at low- to mid-single-digit in Apparel, and some mid-digits in Home. As we progress into the third quarter, we're going to see double-digit in both Home and Apparel. Most of that is hitting in Apparel here in August and September. So there's increase not so much in prices on particular items, but more items increase as we move into the third quarter.
Kathryn Tesija: Yes, that's hard to give you an exact number, although I would tell you I think what you've seen so far is predominantly price increases and some trade-up. The trade-up we're seeing in very specific categories, as I've outlined in the past. In Home, in particular, our good segment has been the strongest. But we've also had some great strengths in the best segment. So when that 20% of guests that I talked about that are in the higher-income levels, they're willing to spend more. And in areas like Home, where we have high-end products like Fieldcrest Luxury and Smith & Hawken, we are seeing them trade up. And in fashion, I will tell you, where we have increased the retails and added more into the make of the garment, we're seeing those perform better. So I believe we're seeing some slight trade-up, but mostly so far, I think what we've seen is a price increase.
Kathryn Tesija: I would tell you that the change that will start to happen in September, there's some product changes. Most of it is merchandising, putting components together. So in the past, we would've had collection bedding that would've been merchandised by brand. So for example, Fieldcrest Luxury would have had a run that would have sheets, blankets, duvets all mixed in together. And starting in September, we're going to break that apart so that all components will be together. So all sheets will be together, all duvets together, all blankets together. Of course, we always have product updates with every transition, so you will see some of that. But I believe from a guest perspective, the most notable change will be how it's merchandised.
Kathryn Tesija: First of all, Deb, what I was talking about is that, that's sort of an industry number that we're seeing -- that, that's the group that's shopping, taking more trips and being more confident. At Target, what we're seeing is a pattern of more trips through all of our guest segments. Clearly, it's stronger in that upper income, but we're seeing it in every income level. So we do believe that we are gaining some of the trip consolidation that's happening. As guests are trying to save money on gas and taking fewer trips, they are choosing Target as a one-stop shop, and so we think we're benefiting across all income levels.
Kathryn Tesija: Our goal, Dan, is to be competitive with the value as well as the retail on all items. And our 5% REDcard Rewards is a loyalty program for the guests that have a credit or debit card. So in merchandising, we watch competitors very closely for their content, the quality, what's built into it, and of course, the retail. And we will be competitive.
Douglas Scovanner: 4% comp environment in the back half of the year, we would expect to continue to favorably leverage SG&A expense in each of the 2 quarters.
Douglas Scovanner: Certainly, and I would say that, that's usually the case, plus or minus, in every quarter. But net-net, I outlined the big issues that were isolated. Specifically, we continue to do favorably leverage store hourly payroll, which is obviously a wonderful thing to be able to do, and I think a reasonable leading indicator of what to expect in the fall season as well. Separately, as you know, there's a profit-sharing arrangement between our 2 segments, and some of the excess profitability of the Credit Card segment serves to reduce SG&A expense as a percent of sales in our Retail segment in a manner consistent with what you've seen many other retailers describe here in the quarter as well.
Douglas Scovanner: Certainly, as I said in my earlier remarks, we expect the rate of growth to slow considerably sometime later this year or early next year, as we normalize write-off in allowance relationships. Could it happen by the fourth quarter? Yes. The wildcard question you're really asking is what -- in my terms, what will the annualized write-off rate turn out to be when we settle into a new pattern? It's been dropping rapidly for well over a year. In the quarter just ended, for example, our write-off rate was 6.5% of receivables, almost half of what the write-off rate was. Last year, in the same quarter, it was over 12%. So we ended the quarter with an allowance of $480 million, that's 7.7% of gross receivables of $6.2 billion. The real question is, will the write-off rate settle in at 6%-ish? In which case, it will happen fairly soon, things will normalize by the fourth quarter and the dynamics you outlined would come into play, given the lower level of gross receivables that we're carrying now compared to last year. Alternatively, if it settles in at more like a 4.5% or 5% write-off rate, then we'd have several more quarters of this kind of benefit. It's too early to tell what that timing will be. But certainly, no later than sometime in 2012, we'll settle into a more normalized pattern with a more typical amount of bad debt expense in our Credit Card business segment.
Douglas Scovanner: No, we certainly don't react like that in the short run, yet I would step back and acknowledge that if we were to expand the list of things that have gone our way and things that have gone against us so far this year that allow us to still be in the same position with the same earnings outlook we outlined 6 months ago, in my remarks, I mentioned on the positive side, the exceptional strength of our Credit Card business segment. Certainly, a secondary issue on that list would be that the exceptional cash flow from operations, partly driven by profitability in the Card segment and reduced receivables has allowed us to pick up the pace of share repurchases and get much farther much faster than we expected. That clearly has a beneficial effect on this year's earnings per share as well. On the negative side, I mentioned that our Canadian dilution now, same as it was in our disclosures 90 days ago, is higher than we outlined at the beginning of the year due to a variety of factors, some of them very powerful positives in the long run. In addition, obviously, our U.S. sales have been softer than we outlined at the beginning of the year. But that's not a change that's occurred here the last couple of weeks. We expected sales to be stronger as the year progressed. We did not expect the first quarter to be as soft as it was. On an absolute sense, certainly, our sales aren't likely to be as strong in the third and fourth quarters as we might have thought 6 months ago, but that view hasn't changed in the last few weeks.
Douglas Scovanner: Well, as we disclosed 90 days ago, we expected a tax rate between 36% and 37% for the year, and it came in at 36.4% for the quarter, right on the midpoint of our range of expectation. So lower is lower than last year but not lower than expectations. And it's driven by all kinds of factors. Canada perversely actually drives it higher in the short run because Canada has a lower tax rate. And a lower tax rate during a period of losses in Canada actually increases, not decreases our consolidated tax rate. This will be an enormous benefit over time when Canada turns the corner. But in the short run, it's a drag.
Douglas Scovanner: No more disruptive than they've been recently. We've been working super hard to minimize the disruptive impact to the extent that we can. So it's a few tenths, but it's not any different from other quarters in which we've had this degree of disruption in the last year, 1.5 years.
Douglas Scovanner: Analysis of average unit retails in a business with a breadth of assortment that we have is a supremely complex exercise. I'll take food for an example in the quarter just ended. There clearly was some inflation in our average, driving average unit retails higher in our food assortments, yet our food category grew much faster than the rest of the business. And food retails, on average, are quite a bit lower per unit than retails in the rest of the store. So even analyzing food for a moment has 2 competing and quite substantial factors that partially offset each other. This is a really, really complex analysis, given the breadth of our assortments.
Douglas Scovanner: We honestly can't answer that question. I could speculate, but there's so much in the way of dynamics in that figure that it's not possible for us to know that. We analyze inflation at a fairly precise level or as precisely as we can analyze it once a year, and that's as of October 31.
Douglas Scovanner: There will be some shifts. I think they will be fairly subtle over time. Certainly as a broad theme, we would continue to expect year-over-year adverse mix Q3, Q4 in terms of the impact on gross margin rate just as we've experienced for quite some time, both as a result of our sales-driving strategies and as a result of what typically happens with the passage of time here, regardless of those 2 strategies. Separately, I would expect to continue to leverage operating expenses and continue to enjoy the benefits of favorable leverage in depreciation and amortization expense. Net-net, we said 6 months ago that we expect those very factors to generally offset within our Retail segment for the year, delivering EBIT margin rates in line with 2010 experience, and that remains our outlook today.
Douglas Scovanner: Consumer confidence and GDP and employment all wrapped into one set of related macroeconomic statistics.
Douglas Scovanner: Well, certainly, it's getting harder and harder to give you a reliable numerical answer to that question because so much of our chain -- and not any random portion of the chain, by the way, has been converted to PFresh. And separately, with the whole country under a 5% Rewards loyalty program, we don't have any base stores to compare the incremental performance. But keying off of the outlook that we gave at the beginning of the year, we can certainly make a broad statement. We said then that we expected PFresh, as the year progressed, to deliver somewhat more than 1 point of same-store sales performance. We said that later in the year, we expected 5% Rewards to grow to more than 2 points of contribution. So haircutting those themes a little bit for Q2, any way you slice it, the contribution of those strategies clearly was less than the overall comp of nearly 4%, whether the base in isolation in that sense was 0.5, 1 point, 1.5 point becomes kind of academic in its exercise. But clearly in that kind of analytical workup, it would be positive no matter how you slice the numbers.
Douglas Scovanner: Yes, certainly. What's going on in terms of gross receivables is right in line with the expectations that we previously laid out, specifically that we expect gross receivables to be fairly steady sequentially, in the range of $6 billion, $6.2 billion in the quarter just ended. There will be versions of that theme moving forward. Against the year or against prior year actuals, it means the rate of decline will continue to be lower and lower.
Douglas Scovanner: No, we did not. I'm not sure that any retailer has the IT capabilities to give you a reliable figure on that.
Douglas Scovanner: No, let me clarify. Let's go back to what I said in my remarks to understand the base case. When I talked about the impact on gross margin rate of mix and of rate within categories, the overall gross margin rate decline is 35 basis points. And I said that the mix impact was somewhat larger than that, slightly larger than that. And it was offset by rate within categories, and broadly, the 2 strategies combined drove most of that. Additionally, beyond the effect of the 2 strategies, there was some rate benefit within categories. So what does that mean? It means moving forward, we expect to continue to see some adverse mix due to those core integrated strategies, and there was some background adverse mix even before those strategies came along. But the mix impact is a PFresh impact, not by and large a 5% Rewards impact. So it isn't 20-20-20 even if you change different numbers. 5% Rewards has virtually no impact, tiny impact, on our consolidated mix statistics. So net-net, I would expect to continue to have adverse mix impacts partially offset by these rate effects, driven in large part by our integrated sales growth strategies. I would expect variations on the theme of the second quarter to be playing through our numbers for a long time to come.
