Brian Cornell: Thanks, Cathy. Before we move to your questions, I want to start by letting you know that we plan to host our 2019 Financial Community Meeting in New York City on Tuesday, March 5. Our Investor Relations team will send out more detailed information in January, but we wanted you to have the date as you plan for next year.  So now before we get to your questions, I want to step back and recap our journey since the Target 2017 Financial Community Meeting. At that meeting, we talked about the need to invest both capital and operating margin to transform our business and position Target as a relevant and successful retailer for decades, not months or quarters. We did so with the confidence that we were taking the right long-term steps for our business. And we had the conviction that, over time, our shareholders would look back and appreciate our long-term perspective.  So today, as we're entering the fourth quarter of only our second year in this effort, I hope you are already happy with what you're seeing. Based on what we delivered this year, combined with our fourth quarter expectations, we are positioned to deliver our best comparable sales growth in more than a decade and establish a new high for Target's earnings per share.  It's great to be in that position in only the second year of this effort, but there's a lot more to do. After all, when we embarked on this effort, we described 2018 as a transition year. As we get ready to move into 2019, we're ready to accelerate and scale beyond that transition period. Next year, we'll be positioned to complete our rollout of Drive-Up and Shipt, remodel and build more exciting stores, and make meaningful progress in our work to modernize our supply chain and radically change the way we replenish our stores.  While the supply chain effort will take place behind the scenes, it can deliver a host of important outcomes, enhancing our reliability and reducing costs. Importantly, this effort will free up labor in our stores, providing more time for our team members to serve guests on the sales floor and support all of our different options for digital fulfillment as we continue to drive profitable growth and build even greater loyalty with our guests.  So thank you for your time today. And now we'll move on to your questions. 
Brian Cornell: As I mentioned in my earlier comments, we're in the very early stages of the transformation of our supply chain and replenishment systems, very early stages of testing automation and improving overall processes. Those will take place over time. We've also rolled out a number of new fulfillment options. And while we know that throughout the year, ship to home is very important to our guest, as we continue to build awareness around other fulfillment options: Order online, pick up in-store; our new Drive-Up capabilities in almost 1,000 locations; our Restock program; as well as our membership program through Shipt, those are going to be very important components that help to shape margins over time. So we're in the very, very early stages, both from a supply chain standpoint, the transformation of store replenishment, but also in building awareness of the full suite of fulfillment options that we now have at Target. So those are going to take place over the next few years. We've been very consistent in saying we're in the very early stages. But those benefits are in front of us, and we expect to see those impact our business in a profitable way over the next 2 to 3 years. 
Brian Cornell: Matt, it's something that we're looking at as we sit here today, but we're in the very early stages. Again, it was only 12 months ago, we had Drive-Up in 50 locations. We've been rolling that out across the country over the course of this year. We've rapidly expanded Shipt to over 200 markets, but we're still in the very early stages. So we're still building awareness. We literally just started our advertising campaign to talk to our guest, to talk to the consumer about this new suite of fulfillment options. So those are the metrics we'll be looking at over time, and they will continue to contribute to our digital growth. But it's still very, very early. And we expect to build awareness during the holiday season and throughout 2019. 
Brian Cornell: But Matt, we'll be in a much better position 12 months from now to really understand how it's shaping guest behavior, the incrementality, how it drives additional trips. We're still in the very early stages. But as Cathy just referenced, the early indicators are quite positive. 
Brian Cornell: But Matt, those investments that we've been making in our team are clearly one of the big drivers behind the comp store increases we're seeing in our stores, the traffic we're seeing both from a store and a digital standpoint. The team members, first and foremost, are the great ambassadors of our brand. They're helping us drive this performance and certainly contributing to the market share gains we're seeing across all of our categories. 
Brian Cornell: Well, Ed, we're not going to give 2019 guidance today. But we are very excited about what's upcoming in 2019 and 2020. Based on the response we've seen to store remodels, and next year, you can expect us to remodel a similar number of stores. We'll continue to open up highly productive small-format stores. Mark and the team have some exciting new owned brand introductions. We'll continue to scale and build awareness around our fulfillment portfolio, which makes Target the easiest place to shop in America. So as we continue to build awareness around our new fulfillment options, begin to scale, more remodels, moving into new catchments with new small formats, the elevation of our brand portfolio, we're very excited about 2019 and beyond. And as I've said many times now, we're still in the very early stages of this journey. And while we feel great about the progress we've made in 2018, we're certainly ahead of schedule. We're certainly driving very strong traffic and market share gains. The bulk of the work is still in front of us. So that's why we're so confident about the path that we're on and excited about 2019 and 2020 and beyond. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Let me start, Robbie. We clearly were planning well ahead for a very strong fourth quarter. We wanted to make sure we had the inventory in our system to meet the very strong demand we're anticipating for the fourth quarter. And there's really no update on the overall tariff front. We continue to watch it each and every day, as I know you do. And we're looking at what levers we can pull to make sure we minimize the impact for our guest. So we'll watch it very carefully. Obviously, it's a very fluid topic right now. But our focus is on executing in the fourth quarter. And we've got the inventory and the plans in place to make sure this is a very strong fourth quarter for Target. 
Brian Cornell: Well, in some ways, you've answered the question for me. We certainly have been talking for several years now about the opportunities that are in the market as many of our competitors shrink or liquidate and go out of business. And we think there's sizable market share opportunities as we continue to see the rationalization of the retail landscape. But the investments we're making are still in the very early stages. While it feels like we've been talking for years about remodeling stores, the fact of the matter is, over the last couple of years, we've remodeled just over 400 stores. We've got many, many more stores that we're going to touch over the next couple of years. We're excited about small format, but we've got a portfolio of new catchments that we'll be entering over the next couple of years. The work on own brands has been very well-received by the guest, but those brands are only going to build greater awareness over the next few years. And importantly, from a fulfillment standpoint, while we've been carefully testing and building platforms and capabilities, it's really just now that we're starting to extend these fulfillment options at scale. So that's going to build over the next couple of years. So as we go into 2019 and 2020, we'll have remodeled even more stores. And we know, as we remodel stores, we see a very positive lift. So stores are driving additional footsteps each and every week. It's helping us capture market share in those neighborhoods. Our small-format stores are incredibly productive right now and are being incredibly well received by the guest. So when we combine the work we're doing in-store with the progress we're making from a fulfillment standpoint to meet the needs of the guest, no matter how they want to shop, and make sure that our stores are at the center of that component, we believe there's opportunities for further market share gains; to continue to drive very strong traffic and comp store sales; and to scale these initiatives, which, over time, will reduce our cost and continue to make Target the easiest place to shop in America. So we're in the very early stages. And we'll be at a higher level of scale in 2019 and build off of that. But if this was a football game, since we're in the season, we're still in the first quarter. But I like the points that we're putting on the board. 
Brian Cornell: And if we go back to the new small formats, I think it's important to point out, this is allowing us to reach a guest that, in the past, we hadn't been able to serve. So when you think about recent quarter and approximately 60 bps of revenue contributed by these new small formats, that's largely incremental. These are neighborhoods and catchments where we haven't been participating before. It's a guest that wasn't able to shop with Target on a regular basis. So not only are they already contributing to our revenue, it's opening up a door for a new guest to shop at Target. And the reaction, as Cathy's referenced, has been very positive. We're seeing incredible productivity out of these stores, and we're reaching a guest in neighborhoods where we've never competed before. 
Brian Cornell: Greg, it's something we're thinking about each and every day. And it probably leads us to wrap up today and invite all of you to join us in the spring for our updated Financial Community Day. So it's something that we're very focused on, continue to build loyalty with our guest.  But for today, I think, operator, we're going to wrap up our third quarter call and invite everyone to join us again in the spring. So thank you.
Catherine Smith: Yes. So Seth, as we said, we expect a small rate decline in the fourth quarter. First off, was we expect a 5% comp, so we should start there. And then a small rate decline in the quarter. And as you said, we pointed to -- we do expect continued pressure in gross margin, but not to the same extent we saw in Q3. The biggest difference is our -- while we still expect great sales, we obviously already anticipate the mix that we'll be seeing in that business, just like we did last year's fourth quarter. And we'll see strong digital sales but we would've seen strong digital sales last year's fourth quarter, so the year-over-year changes are a little less, as you can imagine. And then lastly, we're moving -- we moved a lot -- received a lot and moved a lot of inventory in the third quarter in anticipation of the fourth quarter, and so we would expect those cost to not be as strong. 
Catherine Smith: Matt, I'll pile on a little bit. John shared in the prepared remarks, too, while we're seeing 2 really positive things out of that effort, out of the Drive-Up and Shipt, specifically though in Drive-Up, and that is we're seeing incremental guests making incremental trips, to your question, and we'll continue to measure that. But secondly is we're seeing them shift what would have been a 2-day free delivery into coming by our stores because they're so well located. And we can -- they can pull right into our parking lot, we'll bring it out to their car in less than 2 minutes. And so both of those are really good back patterns as we think about the further economics longer term. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. So as you said, we're continuing to invest. We think having the best team in retail is really important, so we'll keep making those investments on our path to $15 by 2020, as we said. But what you saw with us being essentially flat this quarter is that we are starting to find some of those offsets. And to your point, we'll continue. We think a lot of those benefits of removing replenishment out of the backs of our stores and back upstream and automating them will help to continue to offset some of those costs. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. So as we said, it was a little lower than we had anticipated, really driven by 2 things: The supply chain cost that we're seeing because digital came in at a 49% growth, which was higher than we had anticipated, so therefore, we're going to see a little bit more pressure there; and then just the expense related to the timing -- the size and timing of the inventory receipts because we have the earliest Black Friday and Thanksgiving that the calendar will allow, and so that caused us to be moving a lot of inventory in third quarter, which obviously showed up in our inventory, it's sitting on our balance sheet as well. And so the cost, the gross margin pressures were really split between those 2. We are partially offsetting them as we said we would with some of our merch initiatives, so thinking about those cost of goods sold savings that we've been working on all year that are actually pretty meaningful. So we are seeing some offsets, just not, obviously, to the extent we needed. 
Catherine Smith: Ed, as I think about it, the third quarter was an important leg in this relay race that we're on because of the operational progress we made throughout the course of the business. But now we're to the point where we have our full suite of fulfillment options that we can now really start delighting our guest but really aligning that mission to closest to the store for those high-frequency things when that makes it easier for them to pull into our parking lot and pick up their diapers or their dinner to go or whatever it is. Now with that full suite of fulfillment options, we'll delight our guests, first and foremost; but secondly is we'll start to move those missions closer to the store on those times when it matters, especially in those higher-frequency, lower-margin categories. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. So Robbie, to your point, we knew that we had a lot of cost of goods sold initiative that will start to come through the latter -- the back half of this year, which are exactly doing what we said. The strength of digital at 49% this quarter, on top of last year's in the 24% range, is a pretty big change. So that is some of the pressure you're seeing in Q3. When we move into Q4, though, we did a 29% digital comp last year in the fourth quarter, and so we're anticipating still strong fourth quarter digital comp as you would expect. Now we can offer the full suite of fulfillment options, we think guests are going to choose some of those that are a little bit more convenient, they can come by our stores and the economics are better. So that's one. But -- so one is we'll see the year-over-year digital growth isn't quite as big a change that we're expecting in the fourth quarter. But more importantly, we'll still see those merch initiatives and we are starting to see some of those, the cost of goods sold, coming through there in the fourth quarter. So those are the biggest changes. And then lastly, the amount of inventory we moved in Q3. Obviously, we're here and ready for the holidays, come shop and shop often in Target. So we're going to have a really good fourth quarter and holiday. 
Catherine Smith: Maybe I'll start, if it's okay, Ed, with the new small formats. And then John, maybe, can add into the inventory question. So on small formats, yes, first off, we really like that we're able to access guests that haven't had access to Target in the past. And so that has been terrific. We continue to like what we're seeing out of the small stores. They have great sales productivity, as we referenced in the call earlier. And we do see really good returns. So we measure them against the same IRRs and same hurdle rates we do all of our investments, and they have really good returns. So we'll continue to see that. You'll see us continue to open new small-formats. 
Catherine Smith: Peter, you must be talking about second quarter. So we did see -- I'm not sure. So let me just address the third quarter gross margin. As we said, it was obviously lower than we had anticipated, or the deterioration was. Really, the biggest piece of that is the supply chain cost related to the digital fulfillment to support that 49% comp. The next biggest piece of it is really around the supply chain cost to process -- receive and process the inventory ahead of the holiday. And so I'm not sure if that's helping where you were going. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. I don't think we'd go -- specifically what we're expecting for the fourth quarter. What we said is we'll see some continued pressure, but it won't be near the extent we'd seen in the third quarter. 
Catherine Smith: Yes, so I would think of more a normalized -- think about a new statutory rate with the Federal tax reform is probably a better place. So if you just take the third quarter, we obviously, on print, was 13.6% tax rate, which is incredible. I'll stop there. But if you take out the adjustment we made to the previous deferreds, we would have been closer to a 19-ish range or so. And so as you start thinking about kind of maybe a more normal, that's a better way to think about it. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. So Greg, maybe I'll start and then Brian and John can pile on, too. For REDcard, as you said, penetration is about stable. As we've said in the past, we know that, that is a great program. They're our highest, most engaged guests, our most loyal guests. So we absolutely want to continue to grow that. You're seeing us do more exclusives, you'll see it this year with the fourth quarter like we did last year, and really make those a special relationship with our guest. However, we also know that, that doesn't speak to everyone. And so as you know, we've been testing a loyalty program in Dallas, we call it Target Red, which is a non-tender-based program to really have everyone be a part of the relationship with Target. So we're excited about where that's going. We'll continue to test that this next year. But all of the indications are very, very positive. We're seeing really good sign-ups and engagement with the Red program. 
John Mulligan: On inventory, we have felt good about inventory really the whole year long about where we've been on inventory. There's been some businesses we've chased into, like Toys, we have aggressively chased into; and Baby, which have the result of what's going on in the marketplace there. But I wouldn't describe our inventory ever as light. I think we were well positioned at the end of second quarter. We feel really good about our position right now. We knew we would peak inventories relatively early, given when Black Friday falls this year. And of course, you saw that on our third quarter balance sheet. But overall, we feel really good about where we've been positioned on inventory throughout the year. 
John Mulligan: I might add, we've circled around this a couple of times. We did move a lot of inventory in second quarter, and we did it at a higher cost. You guys all know there's transportation pressure out there. Our first and foremost objective as it related to transportation was ensuring that we secure the supply we would need to move our goods. And so we did that, and we will find ways to offset that incremental cost through other ways as we go forward. But we're moving a lot of inventory, and it was at a higher rate than we paid last year. So both of those factors applied to what Cathy's talking about. 
John Mulligan: Yes. With Shipt, we remain really excited, really proud of how the team has scaled that throughout this year. They have -- we're in over 250 markets now in a very short amount of time. We continue to see very strong response from consumers. I think the metric I look at that gets me most excited, if you look at mature markets, so markets that have been open for over a year, still continue to see triple-digit growth in sales, in GMV. So guests continue to engage more and more, even in markets where we've been there a long time. The other thing I'd add, Greg, to get to your question is, the impact on digital growth is relatively modest because we're not reporting GMV, we're only reporting our revenue, which, of course, is quite modest relative to the GMC -- GMV sales that go through Shipt. So the impact there is relatively modest, but we're very excited with Shipt and the opportunity now as we begin testing Shipt deliveries on target.com and the opportunity to scale that next year. 
