Brian Cornell: Thanks, Cathy. Before we move to your questions, I want to take a moment and acknowledge that my first Target earnings call was almost exactly 5 years ago today. And I think we all agree that Target has changed a lot in those 5 years. During that time, we exited our Canadian segment, allowing our teams to devote all their energy to our U.S. operations. We sold our pharmacy business to CVS, a transaction that's generated value for both companies. We rejuvenated our owned brand portfolio, launching dozens of new brands across multiple categories. We went from simply selling on a website to integrating digital within every part of our business, positioning our stores at the center of the most comprehensive suite of digital fulfillment options in the U.S. We opened about 100 small format stores, reaching new neighborhoods in dense urban areas and around college campuses. And we made significant changes to our team and how we work both at headquarters and our stores.  When I came to Target, I got an inside look at why this company had such a strong reputation for hiring and developing talent. Target has a unique and outstanding team, and I am truly grateful for the opportunity to work with them. But what's most amazing is the patience and optimism that this team has shown over the last 5 years as we've handled some significant challenges together. That's why it's so rewarding to be able to share the amazing results that this team is delivering today.  At the same time, we are focused on the need to stay hungry, see around corners and continually innovate and reinvent ourselves. The pace of change in our business doesn't look like it's poised to slow down anytime soon, but I'm confident this team will continue to lead Target and the industry, allowing us to deliver outstanding results both this year and well into the future.  So with that, I want to thank you for your time today, and now we'll move on to your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Chris, I'll start. And I think as we look at the quarter, we saw very consistent performance throughout the 13 weeks of the quarter. And as I've said several times now, there's not one element that we can point to. We saw a very good response from both sides of our portfolio, both our style side and our essentials. Mark called out the strength that we saw in categories like apparel, but also strength in those household essentials that drive traffic to our stores and more and more visits to our site.  So it was a very balanced quarter, strength across our entire portfolio. And I think the team's been just very focused on executing our plans both from a store standpoint and a digital standpoint, so it all added up to a very solid quarter. We think we delivered quality results throughout the quarter that led to traffic gains, up 2.4%, very strong comps, market share gains in many of our core categories, and overall, obviously, delivered very strong bottom line performance.  So I can't point to one specific element. I thought we saw consistent strength and great execution each and every day. And the investments we made in store remodels, the investments we're making in new small formats continue to perform very well. As we continue to scale and mature our suite of fulfillment options, the guest is reacting, honestly, very well to those options.  We continue to see a great reaction to both our owned brands and our national brand performance. But I think our team was just focused on executing our plan each and every day, and I think it ended up with a very strong quarterly success. 
Brian Cornell: Chris, based on the health of our business right now and the momentum we have going into the back half, we feel very good about our inventory position. Obviously, the strength of our performance in categories like apparel speaks for itself. But I think as we prepare for these big seasonal moments, I think we feel like we're in a great position for Back-to-School and Back-to-College. I would actually say it's the strongest position we've had in years as we get ready for the peak of college. And as we get ready for Back-to-School to continue to surge over the next few weeks, I think we feel very good about our position. And I think it's actually the best inventory position we've had in years in both of those categories. 
Brian Cornell: Kate, I'm actually glad you called that out. Actually, we were talking prior to the call. While there's lots of highlights that we've already covered in the quarter, one of the things that stands out for me is the health of our assets and the performance of our stores. And I think that showed up in the change in asset impairment during the quarter. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Again, well, we're watching this very carefully. And obviously, we know there's been a number of shifts over the last few weeks. As it sits right now, this is largely a 2020 issue. So we've had all the current tariffs built into our guidance and our plan for the balance of the year. Mark and his team have done a sensational job of scenario planning as we get ready for the balance of this year and going into 2020. But as it's stated today, the impact of List 4 would be something that we'd realize in the first quarter 2020. 
Brian Cornell: Robby, why don't we let John kind of walk through some of the highlights of our digital performance, which again was very strong during the quarter, up 34% on top of significant growth last year. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. So Robby, as we noted during our prepared remarks, they represent 1/3 of our fulfillment, and it's growing at a rate of 2x versus last year. And as we continue to build awareness through our marketing campaign, what we're doing from an in-store standpoint, our network standpoint as well as our digital communication to the guest, we're building awareness, and we're seeing continued growth in that space. So we'd expect those fulfillment channels, which obviously, are the most profitable way to fill digital orders, to continue to grow over the balance of the year. 
Brian Cornell: Robbie, it's something that we do not provide guidance around. But what we said for a number of years now is we expect to outgrow the overall industry by at least a rate of 2x. And as you've seen recently, we've been growing at 3x the average rate of the digital growth in the industry. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. So Peter, you will expect to see the rate of new brand introductions slow. But Mark and his team are very focused on bringing newness and innovation to the owned brands that we've launched over the last couple of years. So we'll continue to make sure those brands are on trend. We bring newness and freshness to those brands that have been successfully launched over the next couple of year -- over the last couple of years. And Mark and his team are really excited about some of the innovation we'll bring to those lines in 2020 and beyond. 
Brian Cornell: Greg, why don't we follow up with you off-line? That number is overstated. We'll circle back. But as we've said before, we've got a very balanced portfolio. Our sourcing teams have been working to diversify our network for a number of years now. But we'll come back and try to address some of that off-line. 
Brian Cornell: Greg, one of the things that we've highlighted now for several quarters is the strength in our traffic growth. And Cathy talked about the fact that in this last quarter, it is a record-high 2-year stack for traffic growth. So we're seeing our Target guests visit us more frequently, shop more categories. They're enjoying the changes we've made and the store experience, but they're also taking advantage of the convenience fulfillment options that we're offering.  So as we look at the profile of our guests, they're still shopping our stores on a regular basis. But now we also gave them the convenience of ordering online and picking up in their neighborhood store. In over now 1,550 locations, they can place an order and pull into our parking lot. We have Shipt shoppers that will deliver within a couple of hours to their home. So we're seeing traffic and interaction and engagement with our brand continue to grow. And I think it's that wonderful combination of a great store experience, the suite of fulfillment capabilities that we're now offering that's driving greater engagement and greater traffic and visits to our stores and to our site. 
Brian Cornell: Well, I think we've said during the prepared comments that we're seeing honestly exceptional growth in our lower-cost digital fulfillment options. And one of the things that John pointed out very clearly during our last financial community conference is, as we shift our fulfillment from upstream DCs to our stores, we see our costs go down by upwards of 40%. When it moves to one of our same-day options, pickup in store, Drive-Up or Shipt, we see a 90% reduction in that cost. So obviously, as we're seeing the acceleration of our same-day convenient options, more guests opting to order online and pickup or use Drive-Up or Shipt, we're seeing the benefits of that flowing through our P&L. 
Brian Cornell: I think it might be helpful, John, go back and talk about some of the things we're doing from a productivity standpoint and efficiency standpoint at the store level to make sure that as we fulfill those orders, we're driving even greater productivity and efficiency throughout our system. 
Brian Cornell: So Michael, it's probably a good place for me to wrap up and really complement Mark and his entire merchandising team for the work that they've done. Now we've been talking now for multiple years about the benefits of our multi-category portfolio, and I think we're seeing that play out each and every quarter. It was a couple of years ago when we talking about the investments we made to be priced right daily, and our guest is responding to that and that's certainly flowing through into gross margin. So I think the exceptional work that the team has done to strengthen all facets of our portfolio, both our style and essential categories; the strength we're seeing across our multi-category portfolio; certainly the market share gains we're seeing in important categories like apparel; and combining that with the everyday value we're offering to our guests, being priced right daily is contributing to the margin stability and improvement we're seeing in recent quarters. So compliments to Mark and the entire merchandising team for the work that they've done. But the guest is recognizing it, and I think again, it's contributing to the traffic gains we're seeing in our stores, like increased visits to our site and the flow through that we're seeing throughout our P&L.  So it's a great way for us to wrap up this call. I appreciate everyone dialing in this morning, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. So thank you.
Catherine Smith: Oh, the impairment. Year-over-year, we did see it reflects the strength of our business actually that we had very low to no -- very little impairments this year versus what we've seen in the previous year. And so that was actually pretty significant, and you'll see that in the Q as well. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. So I was going to add on, as we shared in the prepared remarks, we're seeing, because of that shift, almost half the pressure that we saw the same time a year ago on our gross margin. So we saw -- we showed 30 basis points of pressure for fulfillment and supply chain cost this quarter, and that's almost half of what it was last year. So we're seeing that movement and the adoption towards those same-day services are closer to the store. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. I'll start and Mark can add on to it. So first off, we had a terrific performance across the board by our team. So our merchant team, from assortment to cost to price to promo, they managed the business throughout the entire quarter from the beginning of the quarter with vineyard vines through Back-to-School, Back-to-College with a cyber event in the middle. So amazing performance across the border -- across the board. And by the way, we've got tremendous plans for Q3 and Q4 as well. So I would tell you that they're sustainable type of efforts that we continue to do. And then we've got a little bit of favorable mix with the strength of the apparel and the apparel categories and a little softening of the growth of toys and baby as we've now anniversaried the Toys "R" Us and Babies "R" Us exits. And so the combination of those gave us that really strong performance in gross margin this quarter. 
John Mulligan: Yes. Robby, good question on the kind of the same-day fulfillment. We're really excited about what we continue to see there across pickup, Drive-Up and Shipt. About 3/4 of the digital growth was represented by same day. It's 1/3 of the business now and growing very, very quickly. So we're excited about that.  Pickup is nationwide, and it has been nationwide for several years. Drive-Up is very close to being nationwide. We'll be largely done here as we get through third quarter.  And your question about fresh is a good one, something we're working hard on, piloting here in the Twin Cities and looking to understand the operational needs there a little bit more as we get through the back half of this year, and then be back to tell you more about how we plan to scale that as we get into early next year.  But I think when you put those 3 together, Drive-Up, pickup and Shipt, you've got a great offering that our guest is clearly responding to. They are our cheapest fulfillment methods, so most profitable for Target. They are our fastest. And we really see guest adoption taking off. So we're excited about the combination there. 
John Mulligan: Yes. This is a journey the store team has been on for several years and really around raising our level of service in the stores. The biggest change is around the actual operating model itself. Historically, we kind of had a jack-of-all-trades model. You'd be a cashier one day, go do price change, go do some planogram sets. Whatever we needed, you would do in general.  Today, we've gotten far more specialized. So people in the food area actually can speak about perishable. They're doing the ordering. They're responsible for that area. They're responsible for the out of stocks. Same for beauty, they can talk to our guests about beauty. They're in that area all day long. It's the only area they work in. They're responsible for the inventory that sits in the backroom related to that area and keeping the floor full and interacting with our guests. In apparel, more style, right, digital merchandisings, people who can make the great products that the merchants are developing look great in the store. In electronics, lots of product information. So a significantly higher level of expertise across the store in the categories where we need it.  And then across the rest of the store, places like essentials and some of the dry goods, just keep it full all day long. That's your job, keep the store full. And so we're excited about actually implementing that across the chain this quarter. The teams continue to work through that, but the early results are very positive. 
John Mulligan: Yes. I think the store teams have done an outstanding job of initially getting these services up and running and providing a great guest experience. That's the place to start always and that's what they did. I think since that time, as we've begun to roll -- I mean, we have rolled these out and scaled them, the stores have done a great job going back, process re-engineering, adding tools, adding technology to make all that easier and faster for our teams. And so we talked about just the pick for Order Pickup and Drive-Up is 30% more productive this year than it was. Across the entirety of ship-from-store, it is 30% more productive than it was. And the stores, we continue to work on additional ways to be more productive, add technology, potentially add some additional automation in the back of the house to help them become more productive.  So while we love the shift to the same-day experience because that is net better economics, we're also working hard within each one of those services to optimize the unit economics. And so great progress by our stores team. 
