Brian Cornell: Thanks, Michael. Before we move to your questions, I want to close by reiterating some of the points we shared today. I want to start with something Michael said earlier.  These times are anything but normal. Guests are facing unprecedented changes in the way they're living and the way they're working. In a matter of weeks, the economy has moved from historically low levels of unemployment to some of the highest ever recorded. Not surprisingly, consumer shopping patterns have been changing significantly and frequently as everyone tries to navigate through these changes. And so things that we might have once taken for granted have suddenly become front and center in our minds. We have renewed appreciation for the things we need in our homes every day, items like food, paper goods and cleaning products that are now more important than ever as we shelter in place and work remotely. In addition, we have a renewed appreciation for the people that make sure we have those products, including the people who produce them, the supply chains that move them and the teams that provide them in stores and bring them to our homes.  The crisis has clearly demonstrated the essential role of our team members as they offer compassionate, friendly service and do everything possible to ensure that their neighbors have what they need. Like John said, it's humbling and inspiring to work alongside our team and feel their passion and resolve as they persevere through this crisis. They're the heart and soul of Target and the reason I'm so confident in our future.  With that, we'll move to Q&A. John, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Ed, thanks for joining us. We certainly saw an uptick, as we reported, starting on April 15 as stimulus checks arrived across America. And as we reported, we saw a return of a guest who was shopping in our stores but continuing to use our digital fulfillment channels. And we started to see normalization across all of our categories, an uptick again in categories like apparel and Home, but continued strength in our entire portfolio.  And that's continued through the balance of April. That stabilization, normalization of category shopping has continued in May as we continue to see an uptick in digital fulfillment. So while we're not providing guidance today, we certainly are seeing a more normalized shopping environment both in our stores and online and a guest who's shopping all of our categories, including those discretionary categories like Home and apparel. 
Brian Cornell: Ed, we're watching it carefully. It's still very early, but I think what we're seeing throughout these last few weeks is the trust that we've earned with American consumers who continue to turn to Target for those household essentials, their food and beverage and now apparel and home items as well as the strength we've seen in Hardlines throughout the quarter. As Americans still work from home and educate their families at home, we provide essential services throughout the pandemic, and we're seeing that continue as states open up across the country. 
Brian Cornell: Chris, it's Brian. Why don't I talk a little bit about Q2, and I'll answer your question but I think a question that's on everyone's mind right now. And before I talk about Q2, we'll go back to the volatility and rapid changes we saw throughout the first quarter, which makes it really difficult for us to project with any kind of certainty how consumers are going to continue to shop in the second quarter and for the balance of the year. As we sit right now, I think the guest that's shopping at Target is still seeing the benefits of the stimulus check. They're shopping in our stores, and we've seen store traffic increase. We're seeing them shop all of our categories while continuing to utilize our same-day fulfillment services.  But our ability to project how that's going to play out over the balance of the quarter or year is unfortunately something that we can't do today. I think there's just too much uncertainty, too many different variables. As we sit here today, we spend lots of time each and every week talking about what will happen when and if students go back to school or back to college, how will guests shop during the holiday season, starting with Memorial Day. It's all to be determined right now.  And one of the things that I think we're most proud of as we think about our first quarter performance is how we've adapted week by week, almost day by day to the changing consumer needs. And the flexibility that you've seen in our system is something that we'll lean on throughout the balance of the quarter and the year. But I know everyone is anxious for us to provide a perspective on the second quarter and the full year. Unfortunately, our perspective right now is that we have to be flexible, we have to be adaptable, we have to continue to meet changing consumer needs. And I think we've demonstrated the ability to do that in the first quarter. 
Brian Cornell: And said another way, Chris, I think we feel very good about our inventory position as we go into the second quarter. 
Brian Cornell: Ed, I'm going to let John answer this question, but I am smiling. When I think about the fact that during the first quarter, our same-day services grew by 278%, I think John and his team have shown their ability to ramp up as needed. 
Brian Cornell: Ed, sitting here today, I've said a number of times to the team, I think we've accelerated our digital fulfillment awareness with the guest and fulfillment capabilities by upwards of 3 years. And I think we'll come out of this first quarter with a much greater awareness around the type of services Target provides, the trust that we're building in same-day, the knowledge that guests have today that if they place an order with Target.com, within 2 hours, they can come to our stores and pick up. They can pull into one of our Drive-Up lanes, and within 2 minutes, we'll put it in their trunk or we'll have a Shipt shopper bring it to their Home within 2 hours. So I think we're going to see a dramatic acceleration in awareness and utilization of those same-day fulfillment capabilities. 
Brian Cornell: So Matt, thanks for joining us again this morning. And I think for several years now, we've been talking about this movement towards consolidation in the industry and the bifurcation that's been taking place over the last couple of years with pronounced winners and, unfortunately, losers in the retail environment. I think, unfortunately -- and I do say that sincerely, unfortunately, due to the pandemic, I think we're going to see an acceleration in that bifurcation. And we've already seen a number of retailers filing for bankruptcy. We expect even further store closures over the next couple of years. And I think it's going to only accelerate the opportunities that companies like Target will have to consolidate market share and continue to grow profitably in this environment.  I also think from a consumer standpoint, as we survey our guests and as we talk to consumers, I think we're going to see a consolidation in how people shop. And I think our multi-category portfolio positions us very well in an environment where today's consumer is looking to make fewer stops. And the ability to come to Target and pick up their food and beverage needs, their household essentials, their beauty products, their home, apparel items and their household essentials and Hardlines each and every week makes us an attractive choice in a consolidating environment. So sitting here today during, obviously, a point of crisis across America, while we're very humble as we look at our performance and the role we played, we're equally optimistic about the future of Target, and we think this consolidation both in the retail market and how consumers shop will benefit us for years and years to come. 
Brian Cornell: Matt, I'm glad you asked. And while we've talked about, obviously, some softness in apparel throughout the quarter, one category that did perform really well was the performance category. As consumers are working from home and spending a lot more time at home, that was certainly a category that performed well, and we are very excited about the potential of All in Motion. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. And Karen, one of the teams that we really need to acknowledge as we sit here today is our Target sourcing team who, throughout the quarter, has done a terrific job of, at some points, canceling and then chasing inventory as we've seen changes in trends. And the relationship we have with our own brand vendors, the strength of our vendor matrix that supports us each and every day is something that's really put us in a unique position. And that sourcing team is one of our key capabilities that allows us to adjust to market need. So that team served us well in the first quarter and will position us well over the balance of the year. 
Brian Cornell: Sure. And Karen, as you've heard us talk about for a number of years now, we're committed to being priced right daily, each and every day. And that includes during this pandemic and as we go into the second quarter, and it certainly includes our Food and Beverage category. So we've seen very little change in our everyday pricing throughout the quarter. You have seen a reduction in promotions based on, obviously, limited supply of certain products. But our commitment to delivering great value to our guests in Food and Beverage and in all of our categories persist as we sit here today. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. So Tracy, we talked about the fact that we saw 5 million new guests use Target.com. And John talked about the number of new users for Drive-Up, 2 million new Drive-Up users during the quarter. So we're certainly looking at the profile of that customer. But we recognize the stickiness that comes along with that. And I'll let John talk about the reaction we get when people use our same-day services and the high Net Promoter Scores we continue to receive.  And I think we're going to recognize, coming out of this first quarter and the pandemic, that guests are going to continue to gravitate towards the convenience and the contact-free element that Drive-Up allows. So we're seeing a great response. Lots of new guests using Target.com and Drive-Up, and we expect that to continue over the balance of the year. 
Brian Cornell: I'll start with Good & Gather, and that was an important part of the over 20% growth we saw in Food and Beverage. You'll see us actually as we move into the second quarter begin to expand the number of items in the Good & Gather brand. So we feel really good about the guest response during the pandemic, and we expect that to continue over the balance of the year.  And at this point, I probably need to just pause and thank many of our national branded vendors and the support that they provided us during the first quarter. Obviously, unprecedented levels of growth. We talked about the type of growth we saw in household essentials, in Food and Beverage but -- in so many of our categories. And our national branded vendors did a superb job of working hand in hand with our buyers, our supply chain team to meet the demand and get us the product we need, and a big thanks to all of our national branded partners. We appreciate everything they've done. 
Brian Cornell: So Robby, why don't we let John start by talking about the outstanding performance we saw with Shipt, and then we'll come back and talk about digital profitability over time. 
Brian Cornell: And Robby, I just -- I'd finish up by going back to our strategy and using our stores as fulfillment hubs. And as we talked about our performance with digital, although the 141% growth rate is a stunning number, the number I really focus on is the same-day fulfillment, which grew by 278%, and that was all fulfilled by our stores. And if you actually look at a different metric, if we think about store-fulfilled comps during the first quarter, while we grew by 10.8% overall, if I look at that store-fulfilled comp number, that increased by over 9%. It means our stores are driving tremendous productivity, and they are the center of our strategy. And that's a number you'll hear us talk about more and more and more.  So when we talk about store comps during the quarter, they look relatively low at just under 1%. But those stores actually drove over 9% comp growth during the quarter. And from an economic standpoint, we know over time, that's a really healthy and profitable transaction. So the stores did tremendous work during this quarter. And America turned to Target stores because they trust our service and our reliability and rewarded us with a store-fulfilled comp of over 9%. 
Brian Cornell: Oliver, why don't I start. And when I think about the quarter and some of the learning from the quarter, I'll have to go back with the importance of stores. And at the start of the pandemic, and we've talked about the different chapters, America turned to Target stores. And that's where we saw the uptick. That's where they came for household essentials, they stocked up on food and beverage. So when America was asked to shelter in place, they started to use our same-day fulfillment channels and were picking up in store and driving to our parking lots to use Drive-Up or using a Shipt shopper.  But when I think about the quarter, it just reinforces to me the important role that stores play, both our traditional stores and even our smaller formats in urban markets. There's a number of e-mails I've received from guests in New York City and Boston and Chicago thanking us for that small format in their neighborhood that supplied all of their household and family needs during the pandemic. So my highlight and takeaway is stores are vitally important, and stores will continue to play a really important role to America as we go forward. 
Brian Cornell: So to John's point, automation will be important, Oliver. But as we sit here today, I think the most important thing to focus on is execution. And I think in this environment, we've earned the trust of American shoppers with great execution and our commitment to providing a safe shopping environment. And you'll see us continue to commit to safety and trust as we go forward over the balance of the year.  So operator, that concludes our call today. I want to thank everyone for joining us. I hope you stay safe and healthy, and we look forward to the day when we can be meeting again face to face. So thank you.
Michael Fiddelke: All right. I had a great answer that you heard none of, so I'll try to do my best paraphrasing again. To decompose margin a little bit more, if I had to dimensionalize it into the 3 biggest drivers of what we saw in Q1, the first would be a set of merchandising actions that we took throughout the quarter. And the biggest of which, to your question, was the inventory write-downs and adjustments that we made, especially in apparel given the deceleration we saw in apparel throughout the better part of Q1. That's probably the biggest factor.  And then as I mentioned in my remarks, category mix at about 150 basis points would be the second biggest factor. And then the third would be the pressure from supply chain in general, and there's a couple of things there. A portion of our investment in the team shows up in margin because supply chain labor shows up in margin. And then the mix shift to digital is there as well.  But I think it's worth pausing for a moment on that mix shift to digital and the rate pressure that comes with that because I want to spend a second on how I think about digital economics because I think there's real risk in over-rotating on the profit rate headwind that shows up there for a couple of reasons. The first is for the vast majority of those digital transactions and especially the ones where the guest's taking advantage of our same-day services, the sales dollars, the market share dollars and the variable profit dollars from those sales are definitely a good thing. And second, and this is most important, the economics of a digital transaction, as I've said before, are so much bigger than just the single transaction. When we see guests engage with more of our fulfillment choices, they become stronger customers of Target and we build relevance with them in total, and that's where the economics of digital get most powerful.  As I referenced in the financial community meeting discussions a few months ago, when we see a guest use Drive-Up for the first time, they spend more at Target in total and even more in store than they did previously. And so there's a powerful accelerant of guests becoming stronger users of all of our services. And we had 2 million guests use Drive-Up for the first time in this quarter, and so the long run prospects of that digital growth in terms of what it means with relevancy to our guests, I think, are very powerful. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. What I'd say, Chris, is this is what our teams do each and every day. And so we react to changing trends and take inventory actions appropriate. And I'd give just a huge hats off to our merchandising teams who have worked through the volatility and sales trends throughout the quarter, both the softness in apparel that leads to some of the write-downs we're talking about in Q1, but in every category that's seen trends deviate from history in such meaningful ways. 
Michael Fiddelke: And I can maybe just chime in on the prospects for increased efficiency over time. We've seen across wherever we've had growth, whether it's the growth in Drive-Up over the last several years, Order Pickup, volume helps us. And with volume, we can bring efficiency. And when it comes to digital, as John mentioned, we've been investing in planning and capability to support this volume. We just thought it would be 3 years from now. And so we've seen an acceleration for what we would have expected to take 3 years that's now happened in a matter of weeks. And so as we get the chance to optimize some of our operations against that volume, we should be able to drive increased efficiency over time.  But the thing I'm most excited about on the digital front that we've touched on a little bit already is just the opportunity we have to capture relevance with guests as their shopping habits change. We know over the long run, when guest behavior changes -- and that's why a family with a new baby in the house is such an important guest milestone for us, where we want to show up because that's when shopping habits can change. Back to college, the first time you move into your new home, those milestones matter to us as a retailer and always have because that's when shopping habits can change. And I think across America right now, we're seeing an acceleration in the change of shopping habits as it relates to digital. And the way we've shown up with 280-plus percent growth in digital in April means we're capturing a lot of that mind share and those new routines as they're forming. 
John Mulligan: Yes. I'll just start where Brian left off there. I think that's exactly right. And you saw it accelerate throughout the quarter. Like I said in the remarks, Drive-Up accelerated to 1,000% growth in the month of April. So from a limiter perspective, we think a couple of things which we're looking to address, and we don't really view these as limiters as we know these are things that come with volume. One is parking spaces, to your point, and you'll see us add additional parking slots over the next several months. The second is in-store space, and we are already in process of adding incremental storage space -- flexible and incremental storage space for the store teams. So we feel good about that.  But from a process perspective, from a team perspective, there are no limiters. And we've talked about this for a few years now, about the scalability of the model of using the stores as hubs. And I think that's really shown through this quarter.  The other thing I would add that we're really excited about from a Drive-Up perspective, as I said, we've throttled back on expanding temperature-controlled, so fresh, frozen types of products into Drive-Up earlier this quarter. We've resumed that in Minneapolis, also added Kansas City. And early on, our plans have been to get to 3 states this year and then pause and react in scale over next year. Our plan now is to accelerate that and to get to as many stores as possible over the next several months because it's clearly something that our store -- that our guests would like our stores to deliver.  We're excited about the opportunity there. We're excited to deliver another service for our guests. And the store's ability to execute that has been just phenomenal. 
John Mulligan: Yes. I can start. Thanks for the question. As Brian mentioned, we feel really good about how our inventory is positioned, especially in apparel right now. So we feel like we took the right actions in Q1 to position us right to pursue the sales opportunities in front of us. With respect to the price and promotion environment, again, that's something that we got a lot of history navigating, and we'll be committed to be priced right with appropriate promotion in any environment around us. We watch pretty carefully what's happening in the competition. But especially to see some strength return to apparel at the end of the quarter, I think we feel really good about the go-forward prospects. 
John Mulligan: Yes. The thing I would add, the great thing we saw throughout the quarter, and again, really proud of our teams, is Drive-Up is our highest Net Promoter Score, Shipt is a very high Net Promoter Score, pickup is a high Net Promoter Score. And then the in-store experience Net Promoter Score -- across all of those scores, absent the usual week-to-week volatility that we see, all of them remained steady even at the peak. When we were -- as things accelerated very quickly into our digital channels, we saw a great Net Promoter scores.  And as Brian said, that is the best indicator of guests coming back to us. We've already seen 40% of the Drive-Up guests repeat purchase. So we focused all quarter long with all of our teams on ensuring that we can provide a great guest experience. And when we do that, we see them come back and use our services again. 
John Mulligan: Robby, good to talk to you. Shipt, consistent with everything else we've said about digital, has seen -- saw significant acceleration in that they and their team did an outstanding job hiring into that or getting Shipt shoppers. Order volume over the course of the quarter for Shipt business independent of Target's portion of that order volume was up 2x. In April, it was up 3x. They had 60% growth in membership, so a significant acceleration in members. They engaged 100,000 additional shoppers, so doubling the number of shoppers they had going into the quarter, and so a significant acceleration across Target. We saw a 300% increase in sales to last year through our Shipt channel. So again, significant acceleration there.  And like I said on a previous caller, probably -- perhaps most importantly, the NPS score, very, very high, and they maintained that throughout the quarter. A few dips when sales really accelerated quickly within a week to 10 days, but beyond that, the team did an exceptional job in really getting shoppers to meet that demand. And so we're really enthusiastic about the Shipt performance and encouraged by what we saw. 
John Mulligan: And then on your second question, Oliver, on automation, analytics, technology, as you know, we've been pursuing that on several fronts. I think to the last half of your question about inventory allocation, inventory placement, as you know, we've been developing analytics and technology across something we call inventory planning and control, IPC. We're about 1/3 of the way into that deployment. We paused much of that for this quarter. The teams are assessing right now what time line we want to get back on to begin deploying that further across the chain. We feel really, really good about the opportunity for us to improve what we're doing from an inventory placement with that technology and analytics.  And then from an automation perspective, we've talked about we had analytics -- or automation pilot going on in Minneapolis, also at Perth. In Minneapolis, we actually deployed that automation to 4 more locations. We have not started that up yet because that will require some travel, and we want to -- we will take the safety of our teams into account as we think about getting back into the travel game. But when we are able to do that, we'll get that to 4 more locations this year and then continue to expand. Out of Perth, the teams have made great, great progress here even while we haven't been able to get into that building. And so when we do get into that building, we'll do some final testing to scale it out and then begin, as I said a couple of months ago, to think about where we deploy that next, somewhere within our network and an existing facility.  So you'll see us continue to expand automation. When it comes to store automation, I think we've shown the ability to scale very, very rapidly with our teams and with the technology that we have provided them. And so we feel very, very good about the productivity and scalability and reliability of our current processes and teams. And we'll continue to explore other avenues as we go forward to improve that. 
