Brian Cornell: Thanks, Cathy. Before we move to your questions, I want to add to what Cathy was just saying. 18 months ago, when we were developing our plan to make additional investments in our business, so we could move faster, we considered all of our stakeholders as we evaluated our options. Obviously, we started with our guests since they are at the center of everything we do, but we also decided to increase our investments in our Target team, adding hours, training and wages to allow them to better serve our guests.  We thought about our merchandise vendors and how we can change the way we work together to deliver quality, newness, differentiation and value to our guests. We looked at our community giving and corporate responsibility efforts, focusing on the issues most important to our guests and where Target can have the most impact. And we obviously considered you, our shareholders, because your capital supports all the investments we make.  So as I mentioned at our Financial Community Meeting last spring, I am very grateful for the personal comments I received from many of you in support of the commitments we've made to our business, our team, our community and creating long-term shareholder value. I hope you're as excited as we are to begin seeing the benefit of the long-term decisions we made last year, which are already driving a higher level of engagement between our guests and our brand.  With that, we'll move to your questions. 
Brian Cornell: But Seth, we feel like we're very well positioned for the back half of the year. As I've mentioned with my prepared comments, we're seeing a very strong start to Back-to-School and Back-to-College. We continue to see very strong traffic trends. And we expect to monetize that in the back half of the year. So you should expect continued strong performance from Target throughout 2018, but it also sets us up for a very strong performance as we go into '19 and beyond. So I think we're well positioned to continue to build off of the current momentum. And you should expect us to begin to grow operating income from a dollar standpoint. 
Brian Cornell: Seth, I'll start with each one of our key initiatives is ahead of the schedule that we had set 18 months ago. We continue to see really positive responses from our store remodels. And John mentioned that in the month of July alone, we had over 250 stores under construction. In each and every market, we're seeing really strong guest response to those reimaged stores. Our new small formats continue to impress and are driving productivity from a sales standpoint that are beyond our expectations. The reaction that the guest has had to our new brands has been spectacular in Home, in Apparel and now in electronics. And each one of the fulfillment capabilities continues to deliver a great response from the guests. John talked about the Net Promoter Scores we're getting for a service like Drive-Up that we'll bring to scale for the holiday season, the reaction we're getting in each and every market to Shipt and the quality of Shipt shoppers that are servicing their members. In urban markets like New York or Chicago, San Francisco, Boston, D.C., the ability to shop our urban small formats and then, hours later, have someone deliver that package to your doorstep for a $7 charge, very well received. And the investment that we've made in our store teams and putting more expertise in departments like Beauty and Apparel, in Food and Beverage, in technology, the reaction we're getting from our guests exceeded our expectation. So all of our key initiatives, as they're working together as one, are ahead of the schedule that we would have set 18 months ago. And now as we move into the holiday season, we'll have more of those at scale, and as we move in to '19, we'll be further ahead of the original plan that we had established back in February of 2017. So each one of the key elements is working ahead of the schedule that we had set back in February of 2017, and we expect that to continue to accelerate. And as you've heard me say numerous times, the traffic number to me is the most important measure that our strategy is connecting with the consumer both in our stores and online, and we continue to see very strong traffic as we go into the third quarter. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Mike, it's certainly disruptive when we're remodeling stores. And now we're doing it at scale. So we're very focused, John and his team, on shortening the construction cycle, less disruption, rapid recovery. But you can only imagine, with over 250 stores under a construction during an important month like July, there was significant disruption in those store sales. We're going to see the recovery as we go into the third quarter, and we certainly expect to have even better response in those stores in Q4. So when we remodel, there's significant disruption in sales, but we're seeing that return very quickly once we complete the remodel. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Mike, while we're very pleased with the rollout, at this point, it's a very, very small impact to our overall sales. So we'd certainly expect over the next few years that shift will have a more meaningful impact on our overall performance, but at this point, it's still on a very nascent stage. 
Brian Cornell: We're certainly going to face some headwinds from the rapid growth that we've seen online. Our digital performance is up 41% on top of 32% last year. But I think Mark and our entire team have done a sensational job of managing gross margin rate. You look at the kind of growth we drove in the second quarter, up 6.5%. You look at digital growing by 41%. And we're able to basically maintain gross margin rates equal to last year. I mean, the erosion was 10 basis points. So with that kind of explosive growth, we're managing mix very effectively. And it's where -- and again, you've heard us talk about this before -- the continued performance of our owned brands plays a very prominent role in allowing us to manage our mix. To have a category like Home grow at almost 10%, driven by some great new brand launches, led by Made by Design during the quarter, that's how we're managing to mitigate some of the gross margin rate deterioration that others are experiencing right now. So I feel really good about the efforts of the team and our ability to continue to drive store growth at almost 5%, build our online business at a rate of 41%, but use our mix management and our owned brands to deliver very strong gross margin rate performance in the quarter. 
Brian Cornell: Oliver, why don't I start with loyalty, and then let Mark talk about our continued efforts to support our priced right daily positioning. I mean, the loyalty program is off to a very solid start in the Dallas market. We're watching that carefully. John Mulligan and I are actually going to be heading down there this week to assess the program, and our performance in the market, still in a very early stage. But as we think about 2019 and beyond, we certainly expect our Target loyalty program, Target Red, to play a very important role in building even greater engagement and loyalty with our guests. So lots more to come as we get into 2019 and think about loyalty. But Mark, why don't you talk about our efforts on the pricing and promo front and our continued support of being priced right daily. 
Brian Cornell: Oliver, I think one of the reasons we're so confident in our second half outlook is because we're seeing such a great response from our guests to the investments we've made in pricing to make sure that we're priced right daily on those key Food and Beverage and household essential items. Those are driving footsteps to our stores, visits to our site, and they've been a key driver behind the rapid acceleration in traffic. 
Brian Cornell: And, Oliver, I'll just build on that for you and others on the call. Well, this was a really strong quarter for the company and when we think about comps at 6.5%, the strong comps in-store, the acceleration in digital, there's a lot to be proud of, but we know we've got a lot of work to do. And we've got to make sure that we are now meeting the demand that's taking place within our system. So John is very focused on that to make sure that we improve our in-stock position. But we've seen obviously a step-function change in demand in our stores and online, accelerated growth. We're chasing some of that growth right now. And we've got to continue to make sure that we're doing a better job of replenishing our system as we go into the back half of the year and particularly as we get ready for continued strong growth in 2019. 
Brian Cornell: I know you are, and you're trying hard. But I would refer you back to Cathy's comments earlier. When we look at our second quarter progress, really strong gross margin rate for a company that grew at our level. And for the first time in a while, operating income is growing from a dollar standpoint. So we're seeing some improvement in our performance. We expect that to continue over time. But you'll have to stick with us for another day when we're ready to give 2019 guidance. 
Brian Cornell: Chris, I'll let John build on this, but we expect very strong digital growth in the back half. Obviously, we're guiding to comp sales that are going to be very consistent with our first half performance. You're going to continue to see us scale up Drive-Up and Shipt, same-day delivery in urban markets, so that's going to play a very meaningful role. But you should expect our stores to be a very important driver to our growth in the back half of the year and complemented by continued maturity in our fulfillment capabilities. 
Brian Cornell: Let me start with the macro environment. And we've talked about this a lot over the last few years, and there's been a lot of questions about the role stores would play and was everything going to shift online. And I think the one voice that was missing from that conversation was the voice of the consumer, and consumers continue to vote with their footsteps. And as we sit here today, the numbers tend to vary from week-to-week, but on any given day, 90% of retail sales are done in physical stores. And I think what you're seeing right now from a macro basis is well-run retailers with strong balance sheets that generate cash that they can invest back in their business are winning right now. And there's obviously others right now that can't afford to invest in their store experience or build capabilities or drive differentiation, and they're giving up share. So there's clearly winners and losers. We certainly think we're migrating to the winners column. And we're driving not only traffic, but as Mark and Cathy and John have talked about, we're taking market share in all of our major merchandising categories. And the investments we're making to make sure that Target is a long-term winner are being rewarded right now by the consumer and our guests. So we've got to continue to make sure we focus on executing our strategy as we go into '19, continue to take advantage of the market share opportunities that are out there. And I'll go back to our February 2017 investor conference. And one of the things we talked about in our overall management thesis is there are going to be billions of dollars of retail market share up for grabs, and we're going to position ourselves to take more than our fair share of that. We're seeing it happen. As companies like Toys "R" Us and Babies "R" Us exit the market, as others close stores, we're picking up market share in those important categories and those key geographic catchments. And we'll expect to continue to do that in '19 and beyond, and it's what gives us confidence that we're going to be able to lap these strong numbers in 2018 with continued strength in '19 and beyond. 
Brian Cornell: John, thank you. And operator, thank you. That concludes our Q2 earnings call. I appreciate everyone joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again when we talk about our Q3 results. So thank you.
