Brian Cornell: Thanks, Michael. Before we move to your questions, I want to sum up with a few final remarks. Obviously, as a team, we enjoy reporting strong quarterly performance, and the last couple of quarters have been really gratifying. But the goal of our strategy is to make Target a leading retailer and a world-class company over the long term.  It's about making Target more than just a good place to work, but an employer of choice at our headquarters, in our stores and throughout our supply chain. It's about making every Target store a valuable part of their local community, and working with those communities make them a great place to live and work. It's about making Target a special place for our guests when they shop in every channel, a retailer that provides inspiration while helping our guests save time and money, a company like no other, focused on bringing the joy of everyday life to all of our guests. So our current performance feels great, especially because it's confirmation that our long-term plan is working. And that's what we'll continue to focus on in the months, quarters and years ahead.  With that, we want to thank you for your participation in our call today. We'll be moving to questions in a moment, but I want to cover one last item. In keeping with past practice, we plan to provide a post-holiday update following this year's holiday season, and the date we're planning on for this year's update is Wednesday, January 15.  So now John, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: I mean Chris, we saw really balanced performance throughout the 13 weeks of the quarter. And I think you saw the really exceptional performance in categories like apparel where we performed extremely well, growing at a rate of over 10%, picking up significant market share. And as I highlighted in my earlier comments, all of those subcategories within apparel performed really well. So we saw strength in our business throughout the 13 weeks, and I think the team saw really strong performance across all of our categories. 
Brian Cornell: Chris, I think we are really well prepared for the fourth quarter. Our teams have done an exceptional job in putting together the right assortment for the holiday season. And as always, we know that during that holiday period, we're going to amplify our focus on electronics and toys. We're well prepared in those categories with a number of new and exclusive items. So I think we're in a terrific position as we get ready for the upcoming weeks. And particularly from an electronics, toy and seasonal standpoint, I think we're going to stand tall. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Michael, I'd start with the real health that we're seeing in overall traffic growth. So obviously, we're seeing more footsteps in our stores, more visits to our site. I think that's going to translate into a guest that's shopping more categories and greater relevance and a stronger relationship with that guest. So we can try to parse how that guest is changing over time, but I think the important thing is we just continue to see really strong traffic growth, guests shopping more categories.  We've talked about the rapid expansion of small formats. We're moving into new neighborhoods. Those were guests that were not shopping Target on a regular basis before, they are now. And I expect, over time, they'll be using REDcard, and clearly, they're going to be using our new Target Circle loyalty program. I mentioned it in my prepared comments. While we've only been in market for a few weeks with Target Circle, we already have 35 million guests who were enrolled in the program. So I think we're going to continue to see traffic growth in our business as guests that started to visit Target and now may come in for toys that are shopping other categories in beauty and essentials begin to shop in our style categories more frequently. So those are the indicators that we look at as we plan for the future. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. So I appreciate the call-out, Matt. We did certainly see an oversized increase in market share during the quarter in apparel. I think our teams have done a fabulous job of curating our owned brand assortment, really having the right assortment in front of the guests. We've delivered exceptional quality and value in those categories. I think we've been on trend for the season. And I think our commitment to our new store operating model, where we have dedicated business owners in that apparel category that are helping our guests each and every day, is really driving great results. So the combination of the work we've done with our own brand assortment, adding some new national brands like Levi's in select stores, the service that we're delivering in store and the inspiration we're creating online has really come together in the apparel category.  So I'm really proud of the work the team has done there. I think it's a great example of how our strategies come together, where we remodel stores and create an inspiring in-store environment, we surround our guests with exceptionally well-trained team members who are providing on-trend styles at a great value. And we're providing a similar experience online. So I really, really feel great about the work the team has done there, and I think it's one of the highlights of our quarter, if not for the entire year. 
Brian Cornell: Scott, I wouldn't describe it as a surprise. But I think as you look at the third quarter, I started with the strength in traffic, up 3.1%; the strength in our stores comping at almost 3%. The continued strength in digital in our 2-year stack in the quarter rounds to 10%. So we're putting good numbers on top of good numbers. We'll continue to do that over time. But I think the balance in our portfolio where both our style and essential categories are performing, our stores are driving growth, our digital channels are continuing to accelerate, the overall composition of the quarter, to me, was a very high-quality quarter where all factors of our business were working together as one. 
Brian Cornell: And Scott, I'll give you a little additional insight. When we talk to guests who come into a newly remodeled store, and they might have been a previous Target shopper in that store, some of the feedback we get is have we added new categories, have we added new assortment. So because of the changes we've made in the core, the layout, the experience, they start to discover even more categories than they had shopped before. And I think that's a big part of what we're seeing in year 2.  So that guest might have been coming to us for household, essentials and toys. They are now shopping in apparel and Home. They're discovering additional categories, and I think that's helping us pick up market share in those remodeled stores in multiple categories. 
Brian Cornell: Ed, why don't we let Michael start and talk about some of the gross margin gains and obviously, the benefits of the 40 new owned brands we've rolled out over the last couple of years. And then John can talk about the scalability of our fulfillment models. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Kate, why don't I start. And for several years now, we've been talking about our commitment to being priced right daily and making sure that we're communicating to our guests that every time you shop Target, we're delivering great value. And we've been talking for several quarters now about the benefits of that investment, the benefits of that communication and the fact that we're seeing a significant portion of our business move to everyday pricing, and I really describe it as everyday value. So that continued in the quarter, and I think that's going to continue for some time to come as we continue to reinforce to our guests that every time you shop our stores, we're going to deliver great value, we're going to be priced right daily on those items that we know are so important to our guests. And that's a commitment that's been in place for several quarters and will continue for years to come. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Kate, we've been watching the headlines as others have each and every day. And we've been obviously working for several years now to diversify our sourcing matrix. I think we are well positioned to deal with some of the challenges that could be in front of us. I think we've said the last couple of quarters -- in Q2, tariffs pressured us by about $50 million. In Q3, that's going to be about a $60 million pressure. But our teams, particularly our merchants and our sourcing team, have done a phenomenal job of really working through this challenging landscape and allowing us to deliver great value to our guests at a time when they need it most.  So we'll watch the next list. We'll see what happens as we go into the next couple of weeks and into the start of 2020, but I think we're well prepared to react. And obviously, we're all facing the same tariff issues together. I think our size, scale, the sophistication of our team and our vendor partners positions us well to kind of navigate this uncharted water. 
Brian Cornell: We'll watch it carefully obviously. If some of the tariffs are pulled back, there's going to be upside going forward. I wish I could tell you what's going to happen, but we're watching the same reports that everyone else is right now. So obviously, we're going to hope for the best. And depending on what happens, it will give us a chance to either invest in the business and drive even greater acceleration in our trends. But we'll watch it carefully, Karen, and we'll decide once we have greater clarity.  I think for all of us right now, the biggest challenge is uncertainty. And as soon as we get greater clarity, we'll be able to make better decisions and navigate these choppy waters. But right now, Target, like all of our peers, we're looking for greater clarity, greater certainty, and as soon as we get that, we'll decide how to deploy those funds. 
Brian Cornell: Well, I think it was incredibly well received by our guests. I think our team did a fabulous job of executing the plan. It built enormous awareness and traffic to our stores. And it's just one of those moments where we can surprise and delight our guests. And going back and thinking about the 20th anniversary and bringing some of these great collaborations back to life was well received by the guest. And obviously, these limited-time offers will be part of our playbook as we go into 2020 and beyond. But that one was incredibly well received by the guests and a lot of excitement when our guests were in the store or shopping online. 
Brian Cornell: Well, I put 2 really experienced and very talented leaders in place over 2 of our big category groups, and this was something that we did all the way back in January. So back in January, we elevated Jill Sando to oversee our apparel and Home and style categories. At the same time, we elevated Christina Hennington to lead beauty and essentials and our Hardline businesses, toys and electronics. So they've actually been in place in those roles throughout the year.  They've been with Target for many, many years. In the case of Jill, over 20; and Christina, over 15 years. So they are experienced, talented, great leaders. I have enormous trust in their capabilities to lead us going forward. And I think that we are incredibly well positioned from a merchandise standpoint going forward. We appointed Stephanie Lundquist as our leader for Food and Beverage. So we have some top talent leading those categories, and I feel just terrific about their leadership and the plans they have in place for the fourth quarter and their plans that they are developing for 2020. 
Brian Cornell: So we launched Good & Gather during the quarter. We started out with 650 SKUs. That will expand in 2020 with another 2,000 items. The initial response from the guests has been fantastic. Really, really excited about the offering. I talked about it being real food, not having any artificial colors, artificial ingredients, no high-fructose corn syrup. So I think it's really on trend with what the consumer is looking for in Food and Beverage from Target. Our team has done a fabulous job with the packaging. Our store teams did a really terrific job of making that transition and getting these products on the shelf during the quarter. So while early, the brand is off to a very good start.  And as we've talked about previously, despite our strength in owned brands overall, we're underpenetrated from a Food and Beverage standpoint. So low-teen development in owned brands in Food and Beverage, we think there's significant upside over time. And we think within the next year or so, Good & Gather will likely be our single largest owned brand at Target. So I'm very optimistic about the potential for the brand. It's off to a great start. The consumer really seems to be connecting with the brand proposition. And I think the best is yet to come for Good & Gather. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. We've already started to feature it in our weekly circular. There's some great in-store marketing in place right now. Obviously, as we get to a point of more critical mass, you'll see a more focused marketing initiative around Good & Gather. But if you're in our stores today, it's really obvious that we've introduced this new brand. It's featured on our end caps, it's featured in our in-store marketing and it's a prominent part of our weekly circular. 
Brian Cornell: So operator, that concludes our third quarter earnings call. I want to thank all of you for joining us. We look forward to talking to you in January, and I want to wish everybody a happy holiday. Thank you.
Michael Fiddelke: Well, we aren't going to get into the specifics for 2020 in today's call. But we feel really good about the gross margin strength we've seen so far this year, and we'd expect a moderate increase to gross margin rate in Q4 as well. 
Michael Fiddelke: Sure, Scott. Thanks for the question. I think it starts on the gross margin line and kind of back to the key themes from my remarks earlier, strength there. When apparel is running at 10% comp, that's really healthy on the margin line, good gross margin rates in that category. And we sell more product at reg price versus a discount at the end of the season when our style categories do well.  The second was the stronger-than-expected store sales. That's always helped lift the margin. And then finally, to maybe piggyback on some of what John just said where our digital fulfillment growth came from. When those same-day options that the guest is responding to drive 80% of our digital growth, that's healthy from an operating margin rate perspective as well on a year-over-year basis. 
Michael Fiddelke: I think the teams worked hard to build an algorithm that's got good sustainability in the long run. When it comes to Q4, Q4 is its own animal. So we built Q4 bottoms-up, looking at how all those factors fit together. And so we'd expect, again, moderate gross margin rate expansion in Q4, but it will be modest compared to the point of expansion we saw in Q3. 
Michael Fiddelke: We're a few years into this now, and we have consistently seen the second year performance. We didn't expect that going into this, honestly, and we didn't model for it as we looked at the financials of the remodels, but it's certainly a pleasant surprise. So we believe it is sustainable because we continue to see it for the second year of the second year, I guess, you would say. So we're pleased with that.  I think what drives it is the guests come in, it takes them a little while to figure out the store. We see them engage with the store immediately because the environment is so much better, the presentation is better. You pair that, as Brian said earlier, with the change in the operating model and better service in the store -- in many parts of the stores, great training for our team so that they can be of more assistance to the guests, and then we see the guests continue to engage in different parts of the store and really experience the whole -- everything we have to offer. And so it's really the culmination of everything we're doing to create that great in-store experience that continues to build as we go through the remodel process. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. Thanks, Ed. On the owned brand front, it really starts with providing products that we think the guests will respond to and so curated owned brand product that drives repeat purchase and loyalty over time. So we start there. And when that owned brand product does well, it translates favorably to the gross margin line. And so the strength we've seen and the growth that will bring us over time has definitely been a positive on the margin side. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. John, feel free to add. The new system work, I'd say, is a small benefit so far this year. What you're really seeing is the impact of just the year-over-year change from where we were a year ago. If you step back and looked at inventory almost on a 2-year stack basis, I think you'll see growth relatively in line with our sales over that 2-year period. And versus last year, where we were a little bit heavier from an early Thanksgiving and working through just higher inventory levels, especially as we invested explicitly in some toys and baby merchandise, on a year-over-year basis, you're seeing the benefit of cycling that. 
Scott Mushkin: So my first question is actually to Michael. I think you talked about at the end what surprised you kind of going into the -- what the performance is versus what it was going to the year. And I was wondering if you could just get in a little more detail why you were above plan and the sustainability of some of those trends. 
Scott Mushkin: Great. And then a quick follow-up question. I think there was a comment that the remodels in the second year are performing better than expected. And I was just wondering if you could give -- some of our survey data is actually showing the same thing. So I was wondering if you could give us a reason why you think that's happening and, again, the sustainability of that. 
Scott Mushkin: All right. Perfect, guys. I was just in a remodeled SuperTarget in Houston, and it was pretty amazing. 
