Brian Cornell: As Michael just mentioned, we don't build our strategy based on a single moment, but focus on the best way to serve our guests over time. We take that approach when we invest in our stores, in our supply chain, in digital fulfillment and our team. And as we've said many times, we also build our assortment to serve the long-term needs of our guests and the benefit of this flexible assortment strategy has been clearly evident over the last few years. Following the onset of the pandemic, we saw unprecedented traffic and sales growth in our discretionary categories.  And now this year, even as guests are pulling back on discretionary purchases, we still grew traffic just under 1% in the first quarter as guests increase their spending in Beauty, Food & Beverage and Household Essentials. But a short-term pullback in discretionary purchases doesn't mean we'll turn away from our apparel, home and hardline categories. Instead, we'll continue to invest in them and deliver fresh new items throughout the year. That's because our guests continue to love these categories, and we're focused on building our guest engagement with them.  Think about it this way. When I arrived at Target just under 9 years ago, our Food & Beverage category was underperforming and losing market share. But rather than turning away from that part of our business, we decided to lean in. We committed to the long term and engage in the hard work that we needed to improve our performance, ranging from our relationship with vendors to our French food supply chain, store labor model, assortment strategy and our own brands. Much of that work happened behind the scenes, and it took time before business trends in Food & Beverage started to change, but the work paid off over time. We entered 2023 following 3 straight years of unprecedented growth and market share gains in Food & Beverage, having grown that category by more than 61% between Q1 2019 and this year's first quarter.  Beauty is another category where past investments are paying off. It's been performing well for years because we continually invested in the store experience, in passionate, talented and well-trained team members, in our digital experience and our assortment. Our growing partnership with Ulta Beauty is the latest example of how we're finding innovative ways to further enhance our beauty assortment and experience. And our business results clearly demonstrate that our investments are paying off.  We've experienced double-digit growth in Beauty sales for the last 3 years in a row and just saw mid-teen growth in the first quarter. These examples demonstrate why we're investing and maintaining our long-term focus across the board on every 1 of our merchandising categories, fulfillment options, stores, services and our team, all in service to bringing affordable joy to our guests. If we do that right, we'll always be ready to serve our guests as their needs change, further deepening our long-term relationship with them. With that, we'll move to Q&A. Christina, John, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: I'll let Michael start by talking about Q2, and then I'll talk about our focus on the balance of the year. 
Brian Cornell: You heard Christina talk about the changes we've taken from an inventory standpoint, the benefits that it's going to provide over the balance of the year, that gives us optimism as we think about the full year guidance. The combination of reduced inventory allows us to bring newness into our assortment, make sure we're on trend with the items we know our guests are shopping for, continue to leverage the traffic gains we've seen now for 12 consecutive quarters and balance the strength we're seeing in Food & Beverage, Household Essentials and Beauty with the seasonal moments where Target shines. So as we sit here today, we're excited about Back-to-School and Back-to-College. We've got great plans for the holiday season. And Christina and her team have done a fabulous job of making sure we've got new on-trend items that are going to delight our guests and provide that affordable joy we're looking for each and every day. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, the only other thing I would add is as we think about leveraging our multi-category portfolio in this environment, we have the advantage of a nice balance between national brands and the continued strength we see in own brands, particularly at a time when our guests are looking for that affordable joy from Target. So we do think we're uniquely positioned to continue to maneuver through a challenging 2023 through the strength of our multi-category portfolio, the great national brand partnerships we have, complemented by our own brands and the flexibility we built into our system by reducing inventory and giving us the ability to flow fresh new items that are trend right for our guests. 
Brian Cornell: Karen, why don't I start and address the last point because as we sit here today, we think about what's happening from a theft and organized retail crime standpoint. It's an urgent issue, not just for Target, but across the entire retail industry. It is a problem that impacts availability of product, the shopping conditions are less convenient. And unfortunately, what I'm most concerned with is it puts our team and our guests in harm's way. So we are working right now with NRF, our partners at [indiscernible], other retailers across the country to make sure that we can talk to legislators that we can work with law enforcement to make some industry-wide changes and we're advocating for public policy changes to address the growing issues that surround all of us in retail today with theft and organized retail crime.  Christina, if we talk about our approach to discretionary categories, I think we've been very clear about the fact that we've been trying to bring fresh new items and at a great price point and value that our guests are looking for. And Karen, I think that's been really consistent throughout the last couple of years as we've seen an overall decline in apparel sales in the industry, in home and hardline-related categories. But Christina can talk to the fact, in many cases, we're holding or growing share in categories that have been soft. But where we've continued to see strength in our ability to hold share and bring newness that's relevant to the guest. 
Brian Cornell: I think we've seen pretty consistent trends year-on-year. One of the things, as we think about discretionary categories, Simeon, and we talked about this in February at our financial community meeting. While we have seen some softness, last year, we generated almost $55 billion of revenue in those discretionary categories. And if we go back to pre-pandemic, we've seen sizable gains across all 3 of our major discretionary categories; apparel, home and hard lines. So there's still a consumer who's shopping those categories.  There's certainly a competitive activity that we're watching carefully. But to Christina's point, we're trying to make sure that we're not leading the market down. We're using the benefits of Target Circle that personalized offers to those guests that we know are looking for those items at Target and blending the balance of our national brands with our own brands to provide great value each and every day. So those categories are still relevant to the consumer. As Christina mentioned, we see certainly dislocation in the retail market that's going to open up market share opportunities for us. I think we're going to start realizing some of that during the Back-to-College season. But we'll also see opportunities over the balance of the year and as we go into the holiday season, they continue to make sure guests are turning to Target for those discretionary purchases they're looking to make. 
Brian Cornell: All right. So that concludes our first quarter call. And we appreciate all of you joining us and look forward to talking to you later this year. So thank you.
Michael Fiddelke: Yes, thanks for the question. You said part of the answer right in your question. We continue to take a cautious approach to the top line. We think that served us really well in the first quarter. 1 of the reasons we got the profit outcome we did in the first quarter is that with inventory position conservatively, that gives us flexibility and agility. And so you'll continue to see us take that posture for the balance of the year. And that comes with an impact on the top line and the bottom line. Our leverage looks different at a slightly negative comp than it does when we're running a positive comp.  A couple of other things that I dimensionalize kind of in how they'll paginate over the year, though. When the shrink with the current trends continuing, that year-over-year pressure from shrink is certainly front half loaded in the year. And so you see that impact in Q2 as well. And then we're excited about the continued work on our efficiency initiatives, and you'll see some of that come to bear in the back half of the year, too. So taking that all together, we feel good about the full year positioning, and we're appropriately cautious for the second quarter. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes, nothing new to share on that front today. I mean, as we sit here 1 quarter into the year with a comp that played out kind of exactly as we expected and a full year guidance that we think is still appropriate. I think we're -- the underlying work in front of us to build back profitability, a meaningful piece of which is part of our plan here in 2023. It will be the first step along that path. 
Michael Fiddelke: Chris, the only thing that I might add to that is, that's all underpinned by a clean inventory position. I mean 1 of the benefits of planning inventory cautiously as we've got the flexibility to lean in to all the good stuff Christina just talked about. And so the end of the quarter, down 16% on a year-over-year basis, that's over 25% in the discretionary categories gives us a lot of room to maneuver as we get into the back part of the year. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. You're hitting on some of the 3 key big factors as we get into the back part of the year. We're pleased to see headwind on a year-over-year basis. From freight, we're in a better place now than we were a year ago certainly on that front, and that will continue as we get into the back part of the year based on how we currently have things projected. On the efficiency side of things, I mean, there's a lot within that. Some of that will come to bear this year. As we've shared before, importantly, some of that will come to bear over the next few years. But as an example of something that we'll see more benefit from in the back half of this year, sortation centers are a perfect example. We've got many more facilities open this year. They'll do a lot of business in the back half of the year. And so that's -- it's more sort centers helping deliver goods faster in a sort center market and save us some last mile shipping costs with our Shipt and drivers delivering those brown boxes. And so that's 1 of many initiatives that will start to bear fruit as we get into the back part of this year and the years to come. 
Michael Fiddelke: So I'll take a swing at that, Michael. The -- as I said in my remarks, the big drivers, speaking on a year-over-year basis of margin in the first quarter, we had a tailwind from freight. We already talked a little bit about the benefit we're seeing there on a year-over-year basis versus 2019, freight is still a headwind, to be clear. But on a year-over-year basis, we're seeing some benefit. We also saw some benefit on a year-over-year basis on the markdown and think salvage front as we recover from some of the inventory actions that we started to take last year. And then we saw the headwind from shrink, a full percentage point in the first quarter on a year-over-year basis. Like I said, if the current trends were to continue, we'd see that drag from shrink to be front half of the year loaded and kind of how it shows up throughout the year. But you're hitting on the key -- 3 key drivers on a year-over-year basis. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. I think I've hit most of the key themes there already. Just to repeat a couple, we're positioned in the top line conservatively and that means what leverage looks like in an inflationary cost environment throughout the P&L looks different planning for a slightly negative comp in our guide for Q2. So you see some deleverage there. And then we've talked a few times, the headwind of shrink will be present again in Q2, and that's more of a front half of the year thing than a back half of the year thing. But those would be some of the key things that we'll watch as the quarter plays out. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. Our expectations for both margin and SG&A and the rest of those are all baked into that EPS guide. And so as you guys know, we don't break out the specific components in our guidance. And the other thing I'd note, you probably heard me say this before, quarterly margins have more noise in them than I think sometimes the group here might appreciate. And so stepping back and seeing the margin trajectory over a longer period of time, I think, is going to be important. And we've got some work to do on that front. It's baked into our guide for the year to recover some of the margin pressure that we saw last year. 
A. Hennington: Chris, maybe I can start this one. We acknowledge that there's a lot of volatility and that we cannot predict the future, but our expectation is that some of the strengths of Target really amplified during the back half of the year. And it starts with what Brian said, Back-to-School, Back-to-College, where the full value proposition of Target is really put on display. You can leverage all 5 categories in our multi-category portfolio to achieve what you need for your families, buying backpacks and lunches and new outfits for school. And that really then sets up into a cadence of the fall with -- we start new fashion trends in September. We go into October with Halloween, followed by Thanksgiving and Christmas, and those are big moments for Target.  On top of that, we do believe that there's some market share upside in key categories, especially in home, where we believe Back-to-College will benefit strongly from market disruptions in categories like domestic and kitchen appliances. So we're betting on some of those things as well as the newness and the agility that both Michael and Brian have spoken to that having the right fresh assortment and continuing to lead into the affordable side of that will give us momentum in the back half. 
A. Hennington: Yes. I agree with Michael, 100% that we aren't looking to make those 2 trade-offs. What we do instead is we look at where is there potential for us to take share because our unique proposition in the market might play really well under these circumstances. But in the discretionary categories, we're going in with a very conservative posture. And so it's the strength of our multi-category portfolio and the guests choosing Food, Beverage, Household Essentials and Beauty that's creating the majority of the traffic gains that we're seeing right now.  And I'm very confident about what that means in terms of what the guests are saying in the categories where there's the most price inflation and the most price sensitivity. They're choosing us disproportionately often, which I think is a very good sign of the relevance that we created. Now we will lean into newness, we will lean into affordable joy. We will lean into areas where the guests also are telling us that they're finding our value proposition to be relevant. That showed up in the first quarter in key seasonal moments and is why I'm excited about the back half because we have more of them and there's more disruption in key categories like home. 
A. Hennington: Yes, that's absolutely right. We have been talking about unit share for many, many, many quarters in a row because in many cases, we didn't actually raise our prices as much as the market. And we maintained that affordability. And so that has continued to help contribute the traffic gains that we've seen and the performance that we've seen in aggregate. Our value proposition is always a balance between expect more and pay less, and we're always going to play up that. And so the opportunity for us is to make sure that we are cutting through in our -- with the clarity of our promotions that we continue to put those great items in front of the guests and our merchandise displays and that our website reflects the incredible value that we do offer.  I would tell you though that something that we're leaning into that has the potential to continue to create relevance for our guests is Target Circle. Target Circle is our loyalty program. It's free, and it offers personalized promotions and it is -- we've seen that, that is generating better returns than mass promotions. And so our ability to not only create relevance for our guests, but deliver better returns for the business is a big priority for us. And that is part of the ecosystem the way we deliver value. The last part that I'd offer up, though, is because of the way we deliver value and our value proposition is about balance, it comes through a lot in the assortment and own brands play a particular role here. Not only are they great quality products that have been designed with specific guest needs in mind, they're also incredibly accessible from a price point perspective. And that's why you hear us talking a lot about that, particularly in this environment. 
A. Hennington: Right now, there's no question that guests are seeking deals. The opportunity to balance their budget by finding deals is very visible. As I just talked about, the way that we're continuing to evolve our proposition is make sure that the deals that we do offer are certainly competitive with the market, but that they're increasingly more personalized. And as has been said a couple of times now, the inventory position that we're in right now gives us the ability to compete with the market but not chase the market down. And so that's what we're really excited about. We have an agile playbook that will allow us to continue to go after creating relevance for our guests and offering value but keep it rational. 
