Gregg Steinhafel: We’re very pleased with our financial performance and our momentum as we begin the fourth quarter. We're confident that our merchandising and marketing plans combined with our key growth driving initiatives will generate profitable, market share growth and target this holiday season. That concludes our prepared remarks. Now, Doug, Kathee and I will be happy to respond to your questions. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Sure, we had better than expected performance in apparel and other higher margin categories throughout the month. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Over time we expect it to improve in the second and third year out we expect continuation of sales increases but to a much lesser extent and over a couple of year time frame we believe that and we fully expect to see potential around the 10% overall increase from Pre and post timeframe. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes, I would say overall we executed well against our Expect More, Pay Less strategy content or marketing were very relevant. This included what seems a long time ago our back-to-school and back-to-college businesses which were both fairly healthy. We've seen market share gains in virtually all of our frequency and consumable categories. Some of the outdoor decor, just discretionary parts of Halloween were soft but candy was strong. Apparel outpaced the store. Electronics and some of the entertainment categories were soft in that month although we've started to see both of those categories strengthen as we move through the quarter so overall we don't really see anything inconsistent with the strong execution of the strategy.
Gregg Steinhafel: Sure. First thing we did, this year we had six cycles of remodels and next year even though we're going to have more stores we're only going to have four cycles. And we've timed those cycles to coincide with when there's not other category transitioning going on in the stores. So we're picking fewer and better times to disrupt the sales floor. We've shortened the cycle time of disruption on the sales floor. We're going to be better and smarter at sequencing the work that we do on the sales floor and then just being far more attentive to making sure we're providing better guest service and redirecting the guest to when categories shift in location from one part of the store to the other. In some stores where we are not undertaking a major disruption, we call those a rightsizing. Those do not have much impact at all in the guest, the stores that are more disruptive are ones where we're really realigning the entire store and moving categories significantly from one end to the other. And we're just going to be a lot smarter having been through what we went through in 2010.
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes. So, I mean it's up slightly in the fourth quarter and we continue to adjust and shift the promotional dollars within the large marketing budget. Clearly right now we have a very strong emphasis on holiday and our 5% Rewards and as we transition into the new year we will continue those same emphasis on storewide events and PFresh but again we will remix based on what’s appropriate in each of the timeframes that we're evolving through.
Gregg Steinhafel: And philosophically our position hasn’t changed and we're within six weeks of Christmas. There isn't a whole heck of a lot we can do from an inventory standpoint except in those very short cycle businesses which all along we've been committed to be in the 99% in stock range and so as those businesses fluctuate we just buy more or less but the longer cycle import oriented business we're locked in for the fourth quarter and it's about selling through our ownership.
Gregg Steinhafel: Our food supply chain is a highbred and over time we continue to take more and more control so we have a combination right now where we do food distribution through CNS on the coast. We control the supply chain on our own through the center part of the country. We still do some food distribution through Super Value although that is winding down over the next couple of years. So it will be a combination of Target and CNS as we look out of the next two to four years.  
Gregg Steinhafel: Thank you very much. That concludes Targets third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you all for your participation.
Doug Scovanner: Bob, this has been consistent with our experience in the last couple of quarters as well. PFresh continues to contribute to our same stores sales growth but even that of the PFresh impact overall our sales mix has been a relatively neutral item in the makeup of our gross margin rate changes.
Doug Scovanner: Just one quick add to Kathee's comment about the learning’s and the food category. In aggregate we were dead right on the assortment but as she said the rate of sale was a little different than what we expected and so the big adjustment really has been about the number of facings that we have applied to the various items within the assortment, sometimes it was the presentation moving things from one part of the store to the other so we changed lead ins or what was on the back wall or what we stood for in terms of making a bigger impact in store levels so those were more of the adjustments that we made and it was really less about that assortment because we did a lot of research in advance market by market to make sure that we had a highly customized assortment.
Doug Scovanner: We're a bit reluctant to get into mix and drivers in a period shorter than a month. The reason that I called that out is that even though we're halfway through the month of course it's much less than half of the month’s sales because of the importance of what lies ahead but I thought it was useful to remark on the tone in the front end of the month. It's the first time in several years that the front end of November has been at all encouraging.
Doug Scovanner: Nothing major that's different in Kansas City and now nationwide. Of course, at the very beginning the sales lift was driven by increases in the frequency among existing cardholders. Over time as we issue more and more and more cards, as a result of the program, the mix of the incremental sales begins to be more and more influenced by new cardholders. Nationally we're only four weeks into the program of course, so we're still in the same position we were four weeks in Kansas City on these factors. Nationally the one difference is of course that we have a much larger marketing emphasis on this program than we had in Kansas City. So we're ahead of the Kansas City pace at this point. Impossible to know without some more passage of time whether that's simply a timing issue or whether we'll get farther along faster six, 12, 18 months down the road.  
Doug Scovanner: Well almost instantaneously once we re-grand open that store we see an approximately 6% lift throughout the total store and based on what prior food print existed before the remodel we see anywhere from a 40% to 60% increase on the food side of it. So the guests respond rather quickly once we complete that remodel and re-grand open the store.
Doug Scovanner: Well of course we're in a period right now Peter where we're not only incurring the full weight of 5% off every time the guest uses the REDCard but in addition we are experiencing the run off of the coupons issued under our prior 10% program so for a period of time we end up with both forms of discounting. To the heart of your question in the quarter this incremental year-over-year aggregate effect was less than 10 basis points so it truly is in the trivial category. Looking forward it'll be bigger than 10 basis points of course but we expect to favorably leverage SG&A expenses as a result of the incremental sales by pulling it back together at EBITDA and EBIT margins. 
Doug Scovanner: The basket related to the net lift associated with the 5% Rewards program is reasonably similar to our overall basket. It is modestly lower in gross margin rate so directionally it's a little bit less rich but it is not even close to as different in it's characteristics as say the lift associated with PFresh. Directionally it's lower but not by a whole lot.
Doug Scovanner: Just as we experienced in the first two quarters of the year the disruption was in the range of two or three tenths.
Doug Scovanner: As I remarked a minute ago it looks a lot more like the rest of the store at the margin. The incremental sales look a lot more like the rest of the store. Directionally somewhat lower, slightly lower in gross margin rate but not hugely lower as in PFresh.
Doug Scovanner: Well on a net basis we do not expect the program to grow measured and receivables. What we've said before is that the bigger macro factors, which have colored the declines in our receivables, are and will remain larger than any impact on our receivables from new cardholders. I will continue to expect our receivables will stabilize over the next couple of years in the range of five to $6 billion gross but that would clearly represent a decline not an increase from today’s levels.Dan Binder – Jefferies & Co.: Great, thank you.
Doug Scovanner: I'd be very careful in interpreting this whole discussion. We've been in a deflationary mode, relative modest deflation for a while. I think it's highly likely that the sign is changing in terms of the impact of inflation, deflation on our top line but I don't believe that translating all of this is going to move us into territory that is new or remarkably different in the aggregate. I think we're talking about fairly subtle changes and overall, not item by item but overall it's clearly our objective to try to preserve margin rates with the only caveat being that if the competitive landscape won't allow that we will certainly remain competitive and adjust appropriately.
Doug Scovanner: Marketing hasn't moved materially in 2010 versus 2009 and I doubt that it will move much in 2011 versus 2010 all expressed as a percent of sales. 
Doug Scovanner: And retime during the year. This is a much bigger issue quarter over quarter but I couldn't begin to guess which quarters will be adverse and which ones will benefit '11 versus '10.
Doug Scovanner: At this point, this year I would say we're narrowing into a fairly tight range around $2 billion plus or minus and that's up several hundred million from last year. I think in sequence next year yet again will be up several hundred million but I need a little wider range around that. Half or more of the capital for the new stores is invested prior to the year of opening so one of the big drivers this year is that next year's store count in terms of new stores is bigger than this years store openings. But generally speaking a nice round number would be 2.5 billion plus or minus a fairly wide range next year versus two billion plus or minus a tight range this year. 
Doug Scovanner: It all hangs in the balance of the sales but no matter which way it plays out I would expect in SG&A rate terms to see some meaningful year-over-year progress.
Doug Scovanner: Well generally yes our leverage point has not changed. We have at different points in time characterized that as either lying in the 1 to 2% range or closer to 2%. That of course is an annualized comment. It certainly isn't going to be true each and every quarter. Three really aren’t any fundamental changes here to talk about other than the facility that once we begin enjoying both the full benefits of PFresh and 5% Rewards here in this quarter we would expect to get our sale lift up above that leverage point and therefore produce some beneficial leverage as a percent of sales that in margin terms should offset the deterioration in gross margin rate due to sales mix on the PFresh side and due to the markdowns or discounts on the 5% Rewards side.
Doug Scovanner: Based on our experience in Kansas City the program will build throughout 2011 nationally and that's what should take us from the more or less 1% beneficial impact here in Q4 to something well into the range of 1 to 2% annualizing probably at closer to 2% by the end of the year. Clearly we're displacing other forms of plastic payment but of course there are both seasonal factors and secular, longer-term factors at play here. The business is moving at the margin away from credit and towards debit so generally speaking this is a little bit more precise than we can actually measure but generally speaking guests who want to use credit are going to use credit whether it's ours or someone else's and similarly for debit.  On the Durbin side who knows where that's going. One of the banks of course has filed a lawsuit to try to stop implementation. I think that given the competitiveness nature of retail whatever the benefit might turn out to be to us and to our principal competitors is highly likely to be passed along to our guests in the form of lower pricing. I doubt very seriously that you'll see any meaningful impact on retailer EBITDA and EBIT margin rates as a result of the Durbin amendment.   
Kathee Tesija: So, as you know our assortments are fairly segmented within food depending on the market we're going into. Of course, we expanded our food footprint across all areas of food adding the Fresh but as well as expanding from other categories like Dry, Dairy and frozen. And so we were able to bring in much more items across all of the food areas and we have segmented that by market where appropriate to local preferences. So we have learned a lot as we've gone along. Mostly I would say not any big revelation. I think I would qualify it more as tweaking, the fresh product is really the most wanted items on the guests list every week so those are pretty stable across all markets.  Where we get into specifics by market, whether that's snacks or just different items within dry, dairy or frozen that are specific to that market, we've seen different rates of sales maybe than we expected but not necessarily brands or items that we didn't anticipate. Throughout the rest of the store some of those areas we're shrinking of course to make room for food in those remodels and so we were decreasing assortment in those cases and for the most part I would say they correlated with it with some new presentation. For example in beauty, with Destination Beauty we were changing how we were presenting the product and editing at the same time. The same with home. The same with electronics and so within that we're now going back in and looking at productivity to make sure that we made the right choices and that we haven't eliminated skus by guests rally cared about but overall we feel very good about the assortments.   
Kathee Tesija: No we don't see it impacting much of the fourth quarter at the total level. There are certainly some categories that were affected. Really this will be affecting 2011 starting in the first quarter and, as you know cotton prices are up considerably compared to last year. It really affects synthetic fabrics as well so it's across the board in apparel and of course soft home where we're experiencing cost increases. 
Kathee Tesija: Yes. Electronics has been difficult over the past couple of quarters. Due to a variety of issues in a number of large categories, which we're now starting to see turnaround as Doug mentioned. One of those is TV where last year we were up against the digital conversion and besides selling a lot of converter boxes we also were selling a lot of digital TV's. That's now been improving as price points have been dropping and guests have been responding. So much stronger sales recently in that category. Video games is another very large category within electronics. That's in a very mature place. The hardware systems have been out for several years and earlier in the year there wasn't enough newness to create a lot of excitement but starting last month, we're starting to see that turn around with things like Xbox Connect, Black Ops released which was our largest release of all time so some help there. And then I would point to several new items that are really driving business up like the iPad, the new iPod, the Kindle so there is some momentum in electronics that we will think will carry through the fourth quarter.
Kathee Tesija: Yes. We're still in the midst of that Adrianne. We've been working on sourcing for the first quarter but we're now working on second quarter and a lot of those programs and garments will be in stores for the full season so we need to look at them together so still a work in progress but cotton is up about 80% and synthetic fibers are up about 50 so some pretty hefty cost increases. I would say as that that translates into the garment there’s a lot of things we can do to help mitigate that. Whether that's where it's produced or efficiencies within manufacturing and how we're cutting the fabric, using different fabrications. So we're going through the motions of making sure that right now we're designing the best apparels but at the same time with our eye on those cost increases and trying to mitigate that. And then I do think some of that will get passed on in higher retails where there warranted. We don't want to get to the place where we change the garment so much just to hit a price that they're not appealing. We will design them appropriate to what the guests want and make sure we charge accordingly.
Kathee Tesija: Yes. There are some issues coming in food in the way of corn and soybeans and of course that affects many different categories. All of the package, meat as well given the feed that they're fed and so there are many categories that are starting to look inflationary.  We've been in more of a deflationary mode in things like perishables and water so some of that will continue but I will tell you that most of it is inflationary at the moment and I think it's still to be determined what will happen in the marketplace in terms of retails. There's been slight movement but not a lot of movement yet.
Kathee Tesija: Robby, I would say that what we're seeing in the third quarter is a bit of a continuation of what we talked about a little bit in the second quarter and that's that guests are still cautious. They're shopping from their list but at the same time they're looking for great value, which Target offers in many different categories. So in some cases, beauty, they're buying beauty at Target versus other places and while even though they might be buying more expensive items within beauty, like skin care, it's much cheaper than perhaps what they were buying before so it's a great value in their minds. Things like C9 and apparel where still could be looked at a spend a discretionary item yet given the marketplace and the other brands that the could buy, C9 is an incredible value. So I would tell you that we're seeing that across the store. I can give you examples. I gave you one in apparel. In home I would tell you the trend to stay at home and cook. We're seeing some strength in the higher end brands like kitchen essentials by Calphalon so we're really seeing it across the store in many different categories but I will tell you that guests are just being selective but they are investing when it's something they really want.
Kathee Tesija: Some of that collection was in other stores as well and we do look for opportunities where we can segment and some of our designer don't go into all stores. They're into smaller, 250 up to about 1,500 depending on the program. So I wouldn’t' say we're looking to do a lot more but certainly when we have some of the great designers who have come to us like we have in Harlem, we would love to add that into our mix.
Kathee Tesija: Yes we segment food. The most segmented areas of our store actually because as of the local brands and flavor profiles there is a lot of segmentation throughout all of food.
Kathee Tesija: You know, home has been strengthening over the past year but I would say that it's been selective to categories that really fit our family’s lifestyles. So I mentioned cooking and food preparation a minute ago. I think with families eating at home more, we're seeing categories like that that are starting to come back. Things like the seasonal area have been very strong for us because guests are entertaining at home. They typically have small children. They're having parties or events at home so we're seeing strength there.  I think where we've struggled to turn the business around the most is some of the more decorative businesses or the domestics area, which again has been improving but not to the level of say apparel, what we've experienced on the apparel side so still far more discretionary even than apparel when you compare the two and I just think that's lagging as our guest is making their budget and trying to stick with it. Some of the home products are just the most discretionary and they can go without them right now.
