Brian Cornell: Thanks, Michael. I often tell my team that leadership and performance are tightly linked over time, but that leadership often appears first. That's why I'm extremely proud of the leadership our team showed in the second quarter. After they took a hard look at our owned inventory position and the amount that was building up across our industry, they opted to make the hard choice: get in front of the problem and address it head-on.  They made that decision with the full knowledge it would have a profound impact on our near-term profitability. They also knew there was another path. We could have avoided attacking the problem and avoid some of the pain in the short run. But instead, our team chose to lead. They knew the best path for our guests and for our teams in our stores and distribution centers was to take action and improve the condition of our inventory and operations quickly. That path would allow the entire Target team to move ahead without facing the ongoing burden of excess inventory holding us back.  So the team quickly developed the [ bolder ] plan, which we announced in early June, just over 2 months ago. And in the intervening weeks, teams across the company worked tirelessly to take the plan and make it a reality. That's the reason we're positioned to deliver a strong improvement in our profitability this fall despite an environment that's far from ideal. Because of our team's leadership, our business today is much better positioned to perform, and I couldn't be more proud and grateful for the courage they have shown.  So with that, I want to thank you for listening into our call today. And now Christina, John, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Chris, I'll add one final point. As we talk to our guests, when we talk to consumers, while there's certainly a cautionary environment in front of us, but one thing that seems to be very consistent is a guest and consumer who says they want to celebrate the holiday seasons. So we certainly expect that they are going to be celebrating Halloween this year and actively trick-or-treating and hosting parties with friends and family. We know they're looking forward to Thanksgiving, and they're going to look forward to celebrating the Christmas holidays. And that comes out each and every week as we survey consumers and talk to our guests. So that gives us great optimism for our ability to perform during these key holiday seasons. 
Brian Cornell: And I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to John to talk about some of the inventory actions, but I really want to start by recognizing our team. I think as we sit here today, over the last few weeks since our announcement in June, this has been a collaborative effort, and the team has accomplished so much to put us in the right place as we get ready for the back half of the year. So based on the work that the teams have done across our supply chain system, in merchandising, in finance and supply chain, in stores, the team has accomplished more than we expected in a short period of time and put us in a better position from an inventory standpoint than we might have expected back in June. 
Brian Cornell: And Steph, I'd only add that Christina and her team have done a wonderful job as we plan for the back half of the year, of ensuring that we have great value for our guests but also that we have exciting newness. And I think that combination is a winning formula for us as we think about the back half of the year. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, I'll start by saying, I think your summary really captures the actions we've been taking today really to make sure that we continue to build on the traffic we're seeing in our stores and the visits to our site, the strength we're seeing in unit market share gains; but importantly, the investments we made to ensure we have a great guest experience in the back half of the year and going into 2023. So the bold, decisive actions were really to make sure we continue to build on our current momentum, the great relationship we have with our guests, the momentum we're building from a market share standpoint and providing our guests with a great Target experience every time they shop. That will continue and set us up well for 2023.  As far as sizing it, we'll certainly come back to all of you as we think about guidance for next year, but we certainly expect to see a more normalized environment from an operating profit standpoint as we move into 2023 and continue to build on the momentum and the investments we've been making in our business for years. 
Brian Cornell: And Robby, as Christina noted, the strength of our owned brand portfolio in this environment is a really important element of how we deliver value to our guests each and every day. And in Food & Beverage, our Good & Gather brand now is a $2 billion brand that continues to see very strong growth. So that's just one way we deliver value to our guests each and every day at Target. 
Brian Cornell: Oliver, I'll start, and I'll let Michael finish up, but I think the one big difference today, as we sit here today and think about back-to-school and back-to-college is certainty. I think we know across the country, children are going back to school. They'll be in classrooms. They're going to be back on campus. So I think that element of certainty is very different from what we've faced over the last couple of years. And again, we expect to see a very solid back-to-school and back-to-college season because we know children are going to be in classrooms and will be back in campus, and Target's a place they go during this important back-to-school and back-to-college season. 
A. Hennington: Yes. As I shared earlier in my prepared remarks, we're optimistic about what back-to-school and back-to-college mean. This -- during seasonal times is when Target really shines, the reason being that our multi-category portfolio makes us even more relevant, the opportunity to buy kids uniform, backpacks, the school -- the lunch kit and everything that goes in it and, of course, all the supplies. And so they've always -- seasonal moments have always been a good proxy for the strength of the total portfolio. And so as we're seeing good early trends, albeit there's a lot of business left to be done, we believe that, that is a good indicator of the strength of the potential for the fall. The other thing to look at, of course, is how we have performed to date, and our traffic and unit share growth that we've seen across the portfolio holistically gives us confidence in the guest choice of Target as their retailer of preference. 
A. Hennington: And Ed, maybe I can add a little bit to the question about the customer. As I shared in my prepared remarks, our guest is still demonstrating that they have spending power. The choices that they're making to balance their budget is what we're watching. And so obviously, we're moderating our investment in some of those discretionary businesses, and we're leaning very much into Food & Beverage, Essentials, Beauty, but also select portions of the portfolio and discretionary that have stayed resilient, whether it's toys, luggage, seasonal moments, fashion-forward apparel. And so it's really about reading the guests listening to them and continuing to support a level of agility in the business model. And in terms of other choices that they're making, I think traffic and unit share are the best barometer for their investment in Target. We're still growing traffic, and we're growing unit share in every major category, which to me says that our relevance is high with the guests right now and they're managing their budgets as best fit and they're finding options at Target. 
A. Hennington: No. Maybe I'll add a little context here. We're consistently evaluating our complete value proposition to the consumer. And so part of that is price. And in the consumables categories, we've had a little bit more flexibility to move with the market because it's domestically replenished and bought every single day. And so we have absolutely moved up in some retail. But the way we counterbalance total value proposition is by looking at, of course, what else produces value, compelling promotion, an incredible owned brand portfolio that allows the guests to opt-in to whatever price point is right for them and a maniacal focus on balancing our good, better, best and opening price point options. And that, the combination of those things, are yielding more unit share growth at Target, which means the guest is actively engaged in the offering that we're providing and, of course, that traffic that Michael pointed to. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. And I'll build off the comment you just made, Brian. When we look at the quarter, Chris, a lot of the trends we see in Q2 are informing our view of the back half of the year. And I think Q2 is a pretty good proxy for some of those top line assumptions that we have in the back part of the year. The consistency of traffic for the year across the months of the quarter, I think that's the thing that we look at really closely that gives us a lot of evidence that even as shopping habits have changed and category trends have changed, we've seen a consistent draw to more and more shoppers shop in our stores and shopping us online. And that consistency of traffic is the thing that gives me lot of optimism as I look to the back half of the year even if we can't sit here today and predict every twist and turn. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. You -- as I said in my remarks, I expect to -- we sit here today, expecting a fourth quarter, it looks more like the fourth quarter we've seen in the last couple of years. And so I think that's a 6.8% last year and a 6.5% the year before that. That's the right range around which we set our expectations for the fourth quarter. And obviously, to get to a 6% in total, that implies a lower number in the third quarter. And the driver there is, like I talked about in remarks, some of the costs of our inventory actions do spill over into the third quarter. And we'll continue to manage the elevated fuel and freight costs and kind of how those net against pricing action and things like that over the balance of the year. But we feel good about that range, around 6%, and we'll continue to watch the macro environment really closely. 
Michael Fiddelke: Thanks for the question, Steph. I mean we always know as we get to the back half of the year, it's a promotional environment. The holidays always are, and so we factored that in accordingly. And we see a consumer in the current inflationary environment that's focused on value. And like we've said many times in these calls, we think about pricing first through the lens of our guests. We want to make sure the guests can find great value on shelf, online and the way that we're priced and we feel good about where we've struck that value equation. And I think the traffic we're seeing speaks to the fact that guests see it, too. 
Michael Fiddelke: Sure, Michael. Thanks for the question. While the kind of counterfactual with every elasticity of where Q2 would have landed, it is a little bit of more art than science. We think that the net dollar impact of our markdowns is probably negligible all in, in the second quarter. And of course, we took some markdowns to move through some product, but we think that probably net-net, that didn't move our top line comp a lot.  As we think about the back half of the year, we're informing the back half based on the trends that we're seeing now in the business. And as we've talked about, some of those trends that we saw change at the end of Q1, we've seen persist into Q2, and we factored that in to our thinking for the back half of the year. We'll continue to be mindful of what's clearly in an uncertain environment for the economy and the consumer. And to the point Christina made earlier in Q&A, we'll stay close to those trends, and we'll adjust accordingly. And that's why taking the inventory actions we did to give us some room to operate and to give us some flexibility in the system will be important in an uncertain environment. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. I mean there's probably a piece in each bucket, Simeon. As we've grown the business, obviously, we invest more labor in moving the product to support that growth, and that's a piece of some of that growth there. And then it also costs us more when we're full. And our supply chain was full in the second quarter. And so there's a piece of that, that will result in improved productivity over time as we get some of that inventory out of the system. To Brian's point, we'll come back and unpack next year when the time is right to do that. But I expect to see both of those drivers present as we do so. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. We aren't breaking out a specific assumption for mix. But I think if you look over the last couple of quarters, you see mix isn't a big driver of our margin results. And so I wouldn't think about it markedly any differently as we project ahead. 
Michael Fiddelke: I'll maybe start at the end of your question. We expect Q4 to be promotional.  It always is. And our plans plan for promotions that will provide great value to our guests and those seasonal moments that matter. That's been true in every Q4 in my 18 years here, and I expect it not to be any different this time around.  With respect to unpacking the margin, I'll go back to some of what I said in my comments. And we were, year-over-year, 9 percentage points down,  7 of that is mostly driven by inventory actions and you see incremental markdowns as a piece of that. You also see the cost of some of those receipt cancellations that John talked about earlier. And then you see about 1.5 points of pressure from supply chain and digital. And a piece of that is related to us being heavier in the system and that drives some costs. A piece of that is the elevated freight and transportation rates that we've talked about previously, that will continue to kind of maybe move up and move down based on the day, are definitely elevated versus any historical measure. And you can see over that --  see that is a piece of that year-over-year pressure, too. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. I mean we've seen persistent cost inflation in food. And I think across the industry, you've seen price move with that. That's been no different here at Target. We are really mindful of making sure that we feel good about our price gaps, definitely do today in food.  And if you zoom out from the food-specific piece of that, again, I'll come back to traffic. If you look at what drove our growth in the second quarter, there were some puts and takes within basket between ASP and units. But the story was traffic. And so again, that gives us evidence that we're getting that value equation right for our guests. 
Michael Fiddelke: I think that's generally in the right ballpark. Obviously, there's some mix implications there if you're comparing retailer to retailer. But we've seen persistently high inflation in food. And I think that's a trend that's been with us for a while, and we don't expect it to change anytime soon. 
Michael Fiddelke: And then, Oliver, kind of what's in some of the Q4 actions we still have to take, just to provide kind of an example there. If there's seasonal product, it's a natural time to leave our store within Q3, and we'll continue to work through some of that inventory then. And so that's an example of some of the work still to be done. But kind of in where we started, we feel really good about our inventory position as we exit the second quarter. And we accomplished what we set out to do from an inventory perspective. 
