Michael Fiddelke: Sure. I can take that one first, Chris. When you think about [ SG&A ] through the year, we'll be annualizing the move to $15, and there'll be some onetime things that don't repeat. You think about buying plexiglass dividers, you only do that once. The final story in SG&A will be written by what our sales outcome looks like too. But we've got a lot of levers within the model to continue to bend the cost curves in a direction we like throughout SG&A, the benefit of the volume growth that we've seen is that, that helps us get more and more efficient on how we fulfill that volume. 
Michael Fiddelke: No, I wouldn't think about it that way necessarily. With the SG&A, we expect that our SG&A rate will be lower than 2019's rate, and that's a benefit of the significant scale that we've gained since then. If you zoom out, I think there's going to be a lot of movement between the different levers within margin and SG&A. And so that's why we've tried to give some of our best thinking on operating rate in total. And so a wide range. Not every meeting I would sit here and be describing a 1 point gap in operating margin between the incredibly strong 6 that we had in 2019 and the 7 we just put up. And that whole range is in play. I think it's slightly more likely we're in the bottom half of that range when all the dust settles in the top half, but we're going to have a lot to learn throughout the year based on where we ultimately land. 
Michael Fiddelke: Karen, like similar to the answer I gave, Chris, I think there's going to be a lot of moving variables through the gross margin and SG&A lines. And to get overly precise today about where any one of them comes in, I think, would be a bit of an exercise in false precision. The biggest factor versus a couple of years ago on the SG&A line is going to be the benefit of scale, and we can put that to use in so many ways across the business. And we've got a long history of investing in our team. That was a big part of the journey we embarked on in 2017 and attracting and retaining the best team in retail has been a center of our strategy for the last several years. And we continue to put the team at the forefront this year, and that will continue as well. 
Michael Fiddelke: Sure. I can start. Thanks for the question, Paul. As we think about new customers, no doubt, there are some new customers to Target this year. We've shared some of the digital guests that we've gained in past calls. The thing that we're most focused on is deepening the relationship of those guests that have really stepped up their trust and their spend and their share of wallet with Target over the last year. And so we talked about the 12 million new omnichannel guests this year. That's the place where we focused a lot of that kind of deepening of the guest relationship and the things that we're tracking. We're encouraged to see the stickiness of a lot of the new behaviors that were tried in 2020.  So things like Drive Up, thanks to the incredible experience our store teams provide. Once guests try a service like that, they come back and we've seen higher rates of stickiness this year than historically for some of those digital fulfillment services. And that bodes well for the stickiness of those guests and those behaviors going forward. And so while we do watch new guests, and it's great to get a new guest and convert them to a deeper Target guests over time, a lot of America shops Target and it's the deepening of those existing guests as they shop us in new and different ways and more often, that's our focus. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Chris, it's Brian. I think one of the things that we underscored throughout the pandemic has been the strength of our stores. And despite many of Americans really avoiding public places, we've seen very strong store comps, obviously, in excess of 7%. And we saw very solid store traffic. So I think we've continued to build trust. And I think coming out of the pandemic, our stores are going to be -- continue to be very relevant, very important. I think they go far beyond showcasing. We know our guests are inspired by shopping in our stores. They enjoy browsing. They enjoy seeing the combination of our owned brands and national brands.  And now I think we just punctuate that further with the addition of brands like Ulta Beauty, Levi's, the expansion of Apple. The work that we've done throughout the year to create a showcase of owned brands and national brands and continue to invest in building a trusted and safe shopping experience. So as we think to the future, stores are going to play a very important role. It's going to be a place where our guests enjoy shopping each and every day. And I think they're going to continue to enjoy our multi-category portfolio for years to come. So we are -- continue to be very bullish on the role stores play. And I think these new national brand partnerships will only accentuate the importance of stores and drive future traffic to our stores. 
Brian Cornell: Karen, I might as well take the guidance question upfront and kind of remove the bull's eye from Michael's chest, again, no pun intended. But as we sit here today, I think we all recognize this is a very uncertain environment. We're still speculating around what's going to happen with the economy, how employment rates start to recover. While the trends are encouraging right now with the virus, we're all battling COVID each and every day. And while vaccine distribution is accelerating, millions and millions of Americans are still waiting for their turn to get that vaccine. We're still wondering when children go back to school. And when we'll return to the workplace.  So we approach guidance, recognizing there's lots of uncertainty. But I'll go back to the fact that for most of the last year, we haven't provided guidance, but we have focused on execution. And I think our team has proven to be very flexible, very agile. We responded to the environment and we've been focused on delivering a trusted and safe experience for our guests, whether they're shopping in our stores or online. That focus on execution will continue in 2021. And I wouldn't confuse guidance or the lack thereof with our confidence to continue to take market share and outperform in the coming months and years. So I recognize the frustration of not being more precise, particularly on the top line as we think about sales, but I can guarantee you, our entire leadership team and every part of this organization is focused on retaining and growing market share no matter what the variables are we have to face. So I recognize, and we certainly like to be in a different position today, providing more precision. But what I can tell you is we're going to continue to execute our strategy, leverage our capabilities, our owned brands and national brands, our multi-category assortment and our team to continue to build on the momentum we gained in 2020, leverage the additional $15 billion of revenue we now have inside of our P&L and continue to build on the market share we gained in 2020 and make sure that's very sticky for years to come.  But I recognize for all of you, you'd love more precision around market share. You'd love some more top line insights. I can tell you, we're off to a very strong start in February. In fact, our comps in February started with a 2 handle, and that's a 20 comp in the first part of the year. So we'll see how that plays out in March and April, but we're off to a strong start. We took significant market share in the fourth quarter. If you recall our comments in earlier meetings, we talked about the fact that in the first 3 quarters of the year, we had picked up approximately $6 billion of market share. So we added another $3 billion of market share during the holiday season, where all of our competitors were operating. So I think the vibrancy of our model, our ability to execute is something that I would ask all of you to focus in on. And I recognize you've got to do that in light of the fact that we haven't provided the precision that we normally do at this time. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. I'll go back over time and think about the work we've been doing for the last 5 or 6 years. We always start by testing and learning. Listening to the guest, listening to our team, iterating along the way, validating our assumptions, both from a sales standpoint and a financial standpoint, before we accelerate. It's the same approach we've taken with remodels over the years and new small formats. It's the same approach we took to Pick Up and Drive Up. And we're doing the same thing as we think about partnerships with great partners like Apple and Ulta Beauty. We want to test and learn, make sure we get the model right. And then as we've demonstrated in the past, we'll hit the accelerator and make sure we expand and leverage scale as quickly as possible. 
Brian Cornell: Sure. The biggest factor in '21 was the supply chain and digital pressure, about 110 basis points of pressure on the year from that. But I think that's actually a good place to illustrate somewhat how we think about rate. Because to me, it's all about the dollar impact, not the rate impact. And digital is a perfect example. If you would have told us we could double the digital business and only see 110 basis points of pressure last year, I think we all would have taken that outcome. But more important than that, when we're growing digital, we're deepening our relationship with guests. And great things happen in aggregate to us when that occurs.  And so sign me up for more digital growth going forward. We know that's a behavior that will be sticky. Because what comes with that, in addition to a little bit of rate pressure on the margin line, is hugely accretive sales benefits in total. And so biggest driver in 2021 for sure and I would welcome more digital growth going forward and we expect that's a place where we'll continue to excel. 
Brian Cornell: And I'd just go back to a point that we've made a number of times. Our most valuable guest is a guest that uses -- utilizes all of our assets, shops in our stores, leverages Order Pick Up, uses Drive Up when it's convenient for them. And also, more and more, leverages the benefits of a personal shopper through Shipt. So we think that continues to be the easiest place to shop in America. Having all of those assets available for our guests is critically important. And we think those are going to be very sticky over time. Those guests who utilize Drive Up and Shipt during the pandemic, we think there's going to be a lasting connection to those fulfillment options as we go forward in 2021 and beyond. 
Brian Cornell: Ed, I'll go back to the commitment we made at this meeting in 2017, when John Mulligan and I laid out our strategy for the company and talked about the billions of dollars of capital we'd invest in stores, in remodeling stores, in building new stores and building out our digital and fulfillment capabilities. At that time, we said the most important investment we were making was in our team. And I think the results we've seen in 2017 and 2018 and 2019 and 2020, is a by-product of that commitment to our team. Investing in wages and benefits, investing in training and career opportunities. And I think it's allowed us to build the best team in retail that's incredibly engaged, that's focused on taking care of our guests, but also taking care of each other. And our team was really the star of 2020. They stepped up during the pandemic and made sure we created a safe shopping environment.  As we scale Drive Up and saw growth rates of 500% or 600%, they flexed and we're able to meet the needs of the guests. So I think the fact that we've taken a leadership position with wages, invested in our team, provided them the opportunities to grow their careers, that's a hallmark of the commitment we've made at Target to creating the best team in retail. And I think it's provided great returns on investments for shareholders. So we'll continue to make sure we invest in our team.  To your question around design, the investments we've made in food and beverage, Good & Gather is off to a tremendous start, a multibillion-dollar brand in a short period of time. It's been well received by our guests, great quality, had a great value. And I think it typifies the things we do with our owned brands. And we're very excited about the momentum we had in food and beverage. We took significant market share throughout the year. And the guest has certainly recognized and appreciates the Good & Gather brand. So we think that's a way for us to continue to differentiate our offerings. And as John mentioned, we'll continue to add fresh products to our Drive Up assortment and Pick Up assortment throughout the year, providing our guests access to more of those products that they're looking for each and every day. 
Brian Cornell: Scott, I think on fulfillment costs, we continue to make progress on our fulfillment costs through 2 paths. First is each individual fulfillment service, we continue to lower the absolute cost of providing it. So Order Pick Up today, Drive Up today, Shipt today, ship-from-store, all of those are cheaper than they were 2 years ago. So we continue to see our costs come down there.  The second way we see our costs come down is through mix. Drive Up, Order Pick Up and Shipt all have much better economics, as we've said for years than shipping from the back of our stores, which also has better economics than shipping from our fulfillment centers. So we -- and they are the fastest-growing portion of our portfolio. In addition to that, ship-from-store grows much faster than fulfillment. So we see favorable mix as well. So we continue to be really pleased with the progress we're making on the unit economics of shipping or delivering goods, fulfilling goods to our guests. The only thing I might add to that is, I mean, John talked about the power of having stores hit the hub of that fulfillment equation, and that helps all those marginal economics. But also important not to forget is the thing that matters most economically with digital is the growth in guest spend in total as they become those omnichannel guests that have a deeper relationship with Target overall.  And so any time we're looking at the slice and dicing of the P&L by channel, which we do a lot of, and we've made a lot of progress getting more efficient over time, that always has to be stapled to the greater impact of that greater guest spend in total as they use more and more of our digital fulfillment services.  Scott, one of the examples we've shared over the last year is the Target guest that is now using Drive Up, actually spends more money in store. It just deepens that relationship. So we can look at the economics, fulfillment node by fulfillment node, but it's really how it all comes together and how we deepen relationship with our guests, get them to use all of our assets and utilize both stores and digital fulfillment channels over time. So as John said, we're going to continue to improve the economics of each one of those capabilities but it's really the sum of the parts and that deeper relationship we build as our guests use more of our fulfillment nodes over time. 
Brian Cornell: Scott, the place I'd start is the power that the store gives us to fulfill because everything is cheaper when it comes to the store. And that helps us on the cost question that you asked. It's cheaper to ship a box a shorter distance from a local store after it's ridden our supply chain rails all the way to that store. Same-day fulfillment economics look a lot like store economics to us. And that's the piece to John's point that's growing fastest. And so the stores give us an incredible advantage to have advantaged cost profile as we fulfill.  The other thing that the stores give us that has been incredibly valuable this year is great flexibility. We've seen the ability for stores to scale to meet guests' need in a way that I think probably would have surprised us if we can go back a year in time and see it all coming. But stores are so flexible. There's real power in being able to say, it's that same piece of inventories sitting on a shelf, and we can put it in a box and ship it out the back. We can drop it in a guest's trunk via a Drive Up. They can place it in their cart on a store trip and not having to be able to see perfectly exactly how that demand is going to come, but knowing the inventory can fulfill it and our great store team can make it happen however the guest chooses to shop gives us a huge flexibility advantage as well. 
Brian Cornell: Thanks for the question, Simeon. When I think about margins in the long run, the straw that will stir that drink is sales growth. And we're incredibly confident in the way we're positioned to build on the deepening guest trust the beginning of this year with long-term sales growth. You can see the power of leverage in our model in an exaggerated way in 2020, no doubt. But that's the focus of where we're investing going forward is to continue to gain share and grow the top line because that gives us a lot of levers to pull below there on the margin line. Yes.  So the other thing that we've talked about periodically is the importance of mix in our business. And over time, our multi-category portfolio is a huge asset. Christina has been obviously in a merchant chair for a number of years and understands the importance of balancing our multi-category portfolio, the balance between our owned brands and national brands. And as John and Michael have talked about periodically, as we think about the future from a digital standpoint, we think that's going to continue to move more and more towards same-day, which from a mix standpoint is very advantageous to us. So I think our outlook for margin over the long-term is very bullish.  As we leverage our multi-category portfolio, we continue to build our owned brands as well as great national brand partners. But as we continue to see guests take advantage of the speed and convenience of same-day digital fulfillment, all those things add up to a very healthy mix management and margin control. 
Brian Cornell: Simeon, I'll come back to -- we saw a really strong share performance against our entire portfolio in 2020. And that continued in the fourth quarter, and we expect to continue to be in a strong share position in 2021. Obviously, we're still sorting through what the overall industry performance will look like, category by category as we think about 2021. But I'll let Christina comment on some of the early observations that we have as we think about the strength in our owned brands, some of the newness that we're bringing to market, the new national brand partnerships and the great investments we have with both our owned brand and national brand vendor partners. So I think we're well positioned to continue to grow share. And I think the investments we're making in our stores and the store experience and in digital positions us well to continue to grow share for years to come. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. We've spent a lot of time trying to sort through some of the factors behind that. Again, I think so much of it has been the investments we've made in safety and the shopping experience throughout the last year. We certainly have seen guests shop all of our categories in the month of February. So broad-based strength. And I think, again, the guest is responding to some of the newness in our assortment. And to Christina's point, they're looking for the opportunity to shop our stores and find new items. They're tired of the yoga pants and really appreciate some of the new assortment we have in apparel. They're still shopping for their homes as they refresh the core. They're still heating at home so kitchen and food-related items are still really important.  So we see a guest shopping all of our categories, taking advantage of both stores and our digital channels. And I think it's a byproduct of the investments we've made throughout the pandemic to build trust to make sure they know we've got a safe shopping environment and the great work that our teams have done to make sure that they're focused every day on meeting the needs to our guests. So very encouraged with the month of February. And we'll continue to make sure we stay agile and flexible to meet the needs of the guests throughout the next 11 months. 
Brian Cornell: And Corey, an opportunity to really thank our vendor partners who have been very responsive to meeting our needs. Obviously, no one anticipated the kind of comps we were driving in 2020. I talked about the almost historic number we delivered in January, and our vendor partners have been very responsive, working with our merchants and supply chain teams to ensure that we fill in some of those gaps and have the inventory we need as we go forward. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Paul, the only other point I would add is, as we've looked at the guests during the pandemic, we know they're consolidating where they shop. And we may have had a Target guest that was shopping for home or beauty, but they're now shopping for apparel, picking up food and beverage, exploring new categories. They may be coming to us for electronics and toys. So to Michael's point, while most of America shops with Target, during the pandemic, we've seen consumers consolidate the number of places where they shop. They're now experiencing and are active in more categories, and we think that provides lasting benefits for us for years to come. Operator, it looks like we've got time for one final question today. 
Brian Cornell: Joe, obviously, it's been a big area of focus for us for many years. And I'll come back to something we haven't talked about a lot today, which is the membership within Target Circle. The fact that we now have 90 million members in Target Circle, which gives us an understanding of their needs, their wants, how they're shopping, new categories and new items we can introduce them to. So we're going to continue to make sure we leverage Target Circle to build deeper relationships, introduce that guest to new categories, new fulfillment options. And over time, we think that's a very valuable asset that will continue to drive growth, help us build market share and continue the momentum that we established in 2020.  So with that, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to seeing all of you in person in 2022. And obviously, John and Michael will be available for any follow-up questions today or over the balance of the week.  So thank you for joining us, and stay well.
