Gregg Steinhafel: We're very pleased with our 2011 financial results and our sales trends coming out of the holiday season. Our plans for 2012 support our long-term financial goals, while we invest in new stores both domestically and in Canada, deepen our multichannel capabilities and continue our ambitious remodel program. On top of investments in our core business, we expect to continue returning meaningful cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase in 2012 and beyond. That concludes today's prepared remarks. Now Kathy, Doug, John and I will be happy to respond to your questions. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes, .com did contribute a portion of that, but it was a combination of .com and really those first 3 weeks in December that were the softest in terms of that holiday timeframe. And as I mentioned, we were down about 1%, and in that timeframe, we were strong leading in, we were strong coming out. So we're highly confident that the core fundamentals of our business are really, really solid. And as we move into this year, we're going to continue to work really hard over the next 6 months to prepare and get our multichannel program together so that when we hit fall, we are really ready to go, and we expect then for that growth rate to exceed the company's growth rate, and it will be a positive contributor to our same-store sales increase instead of the other way around last quarter. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, it hurt. It hurt the comp in the quarter, and the primary timeframe where it hurt the most was really in the November, first couple of weeks of December timeframe. And as we have added fixes to the website and maintained the stability and worked on things like site navigation, speed, page loading, waiting and the overall experience, we have seen our business on the .com site continue to get better. Our traffic on the site continues to be very, very good. So we're very encouraged about the fact that the guests still love coming to the website. What we were disappointing in was the experience once they got there, and so our conversion rates were not to where they had been in the past, and that aspect is what we've seen an improvement on over the last 6 or 8 weeks. 
Gregg Steinhafel: I'd also add that the peak quarters were really, second half of second quarter, all of third quarter, first half of second quarter and then we started seeing that inflationary pressure abate as we cycled through December, and now we're back to more reasonable traditional levels. 
Gregg Steinhafel: I would say that the performance, both of those class of stores were relatively consistent, give or take. They both met or exceeded our expectations. They were some of our larger stores in more of our denser suburban, urban trade areas. We continue to see very, very good results in year one conversion, year 2 are meeting our expectations. We're now having some stores that are just starting to cycle in year 3. As we move into year 2, we're starting to see the sales expand beyond just the Food categories into some, more of the other crossover and commodity categories. And as we move through year 2 and into 3 -- year 3, we're starting to see the increase in the discretionary categories that we had planned for over time as well. So we're on track and feel -- continue to feel really good about where we are with PFresh. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Philadelphia was a little bit of an anomaly in that when we did Philadelphia, it was primarily about Food. We did not incorporate all of the other signature elements, the broader elements of the remodel that we incorporated in subsequent cycles. So we did far more on the visual elements in the store, carpeting, apparel fixtures, the shoe area, the beauty, home. None of those were added into or part of that Philadelphia test market. So as we go back and we will add that back over time in the Philadelphia market. So it really is not a clear indication of what the comprehensive PFresh performance was all about. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, we have a -- we started with our suburban, urban, higher volume stores. And as over time, as we completed and we fill back into those market, we just believe that this cadence is a more appropriate cadence as we go forward, as we go into our -- some of our mid and lower volume stores. And secondly, we're working on a lower cost investment on some of these. And so we're just looking at just extending out the program a little bit. And we never were really all that specific in terms how long it was going to take to complete this program. We just feel, with everything else that's going on, it's the appropriate number for 2012. 
Gregg Steinhafel: We're not breaking out that specifically anymore because that is so integrated with PFresh, and it's really part of the core business sales driving tactics that we had. And because we have now gone through over 60% of our general merchandise stores, it's impossible to really break those out anymore in any meaningful way. So it's really one integrated strategy. Those are frequency driving strategies, and going forward, we're not going to be really talking about them in anything other than part of the core business driving sales programs that we have. 
Gregg Steinhafel: We'll give you the full details end of next week as well, but we're really pleased with where we are at this point in time in February. But as we noted in the comments, it's one month, we don't want to get too excited or too disappointed. And we're doing a lot of things right. We have a lot of really good sales driving initiatives. We're off to a good start. We finished the year with very clean in inventory. So our stores have been reset, and they are fashion fresh forward with our color campaign. Our stores are doing an awesome job of delivering a great guest experience. We hate to use weather a little bit, but it's been milder this year compared to some of the issues we had [indiscernible]. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, I would separate the 6 weeks out of holiday compared to the other 46-plus weeks out of the year. It is just a period in and of itself. And so everybody makes price investment and is aggressive throughout the year. We saw that throughout 2011. But it goes to such a heightened sense during the holiday, and then it typically backs down to a more normal cadence, still aggressive but still more normal. That pattern is what we have consistently seen. That's the period that we're in. All of our retail competitors make investment in price on an ongoing basis. That's really nothing new. We do the same thing. We invest billions of dollars a year in our promotional markdown and delivering great value day in and out and that's going to continue. So most of the rate decline that you were talking about going forward in 2012 is it relates to the mix issues associated with our traffic driving strategies and not any significant change in the promotional environment. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes, I think that's a fair way to look at it. I think that our internal expectation is, let's really get ahead, let's really try and deliver in excess of that number. And then I think that when we get in the holiday, first of all, it's the peak sales month, and it's very difficult to repeat that same kind of sales momentum consistently in the largest month of the year. And the dynamics are such that so much is around that Thanksgiving weekend, and then it goes into a lull and then there's that big finish at the end, the last 7 or 8 days, and it's just -- we just don't think it's reasonable for us to be planning our business at the same kinds of sales trend that we've experienced up and to that. So we're going to take a more modest approach during that timeframe. We're still going to try and capture as much share as we possibly can. But we're going to continue to do like we did this year and prior years, and that's making sure that we are not just driving sales at any cost, that we are appropriately trying to gain market share profitably and being disciplined in our approach to the marketplace. And if that means slightly softer comps during that timeframe, we think that's a good trade-off to make because we are not going to get into this race to the bottom and give it away at all cost and to try and capture sales, lumping significantly below cost with the whole store on sale and things like that. That's just not our strategy. We don't think it's healthy over the long term, and so we are really trying to find that right balance between driving sales and maintaining the current high level, strong levels of profitability in our EBITDA and EBIT margin rates. 
Gregg Steinhafel: No, there's really nothing that I can really share. This is in progress, and we're being very disciplined and thorough in our approach, as you would expect us to. And as soon as I have something or we have something to share, we'll communicate that broadly to everybody. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Okay. That concludes Target's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you all for your participation. 
Douglas Scovanner: Excluding the super important 6- or 7-week period that we all focus on for the right reasons, excluding that for a moment, we've been running pretty consistent, 4%-plus same-store sales performance since the second quarter last year, while obviously our results don't exclude that period, and so we're working diligently to address that in 2012 and beyond. 
Douglas Scovanner: We'll end up reflecting in our 10-K that inflation contributed a very immaterial amount aggregate to the picture in 2011. Now obviously, that picture was quite different by category, with much higher rates of inflation in some categories, think of anything involving cotton and most anything you eat, with continued deflation in lots of other categories mixing out to a trivial net figure. 
Douglas Scovanner: Importantly, despite all of the fears 6, 9, 12 months ago, that whole picture had no impact that we can see or measure on gross margin rates. 
Douglas Scovanner: So 60% of our stores, excluding Super Target stores of course, that aren't relevant to this discussion. So even this year's program will convert 1/3 of the remaining stores. 
Douglas Scovanner: There's a little bit of a different answer, debit versus credit. And one of the curious things that you'll see in our disclosed figures is that the year-over-year growth is now, give or take, 3/4 in the debit card program and 1/4 in the credit card program that is looking at penetration increases. But by the time you blend those together, certainly, there remains a very material percentage of the sales reflected in that penetration increase that are incremental sales. Maybe that's trailing off to 1/3 given the mix, where it was once in the 40% to 50% range, but it's still a very important feature of our results. 
Douglas Scovanner: It's okay to confess once in a while that weather's favorable. Seriously, we won't know for several months how much of the apparel strength in February is pulling forward sales that otherwise might have occurred in March or April versus a little gift that we should all expect every once in a while. 
Douglas Scovanner: The measured impact as best we can measure them is that PFresh and 5% Rewards combined drove a gross margin rate decline a little higher, slightly higher than the aggregate reported results. And excluding those impacts, there was a slight amount of mix deterioration and a larger benefit from rate improvement within categories. But by any measure, the lion's share of our gross margin rate change on a net basis was driven by the impacts of those strategies. 
Douglas Scovanner: That really isn't driven by the regs. It's certainly a fact that some other retailers have structured deals in a way that compensates them higher in the short run in exchange for incurring a potentially meaningful amount of risk in the event that portfolios melt down. That isn't driven by the regs, it's driven by deal structures willingly entered into by others. So we could do one of those deals, we could do some other form of deal, but that's not really a factor one way or the other in getting a deal done. 
Douglas Scovanner: What you should take away I'm saying is, we have the option of structuring a deal either way. And some retailers have structured deals in one fashion and some have structured it in the other fashion, obviously in exchange for incurring a downside risk. I would assume that the retailers who have that risk are getting a much larger ongoing payment stream. It's a form of insurance, if you will. But it has nothing to do with whether or not we can get a deal done. We could easily structure a deal either way if we elected to. 
Kathryn Tesija: Yes, I can take that, Adrianne. It's really been across-the-board. We've seen, as Gregg mentioned, our discretionary businesses bounce back both in January and continuing on in February, as well as continued strength in our Grocery business, Beauty, the product areas where you've seen strength in the past. So it's really been across-the-board. 
Kathryn Tesija: In the discretionary side of our business, we have seen some improvement in our better and best price points. And so you'll see that in fashion with some of our more fashionable collections as well as the must-have items. You'll also see it in Home in some of our better brands, Fieldcrest, for example, Smith & Hawken, which I've talked about before, C9 and Activewear. So we are definitely starting to see some movement, and that's one of our key objectives for 2012. We've had very strong results throughout the recession in our good price point and better, but we'd like to see increasing strength in better and best, and we have started to see that movement. 
Kathryn Tesija: Yes, there is a lot going on in those industries, and in particular, some that we are very strong on given our family orientation, like video games for example. So you have seen us over the past year make some changes there with space, adding in cellphones, expanding that section, going deeper into Apple product, which performs very well with our guests, with the iPods and iPad, iPhone, et cetera. And you also saw us work through a reinvention on the entertainment side, decreasing some of the space, devoting more to children, which is our strength, and we've seen some improved results in both of those areas because of that. But clearly, as you stated, there's issues across the industry. And we need to continue to work on staying ahead of that as best we can, going after the things that are working and in entertainment working on exclusives and products that our guests -- really resonate with our guests. Like for example, you saw our exclusive with Adele, and that came out a year ago with her 21 album and we were able to re-release it with the award ceremony this year and have had terrific results. So I think we need to continue to stay on that and do more of it. 
Kathryn Tesija: Well, I don't know that we're prepared to state a number for Home, but it has been improving and I would say at least flat, if not up, here coming in the next year. We've made a lot of improvements already, and we've seen, as I said earlier, some stronger results in our Housewares business as well as our seasonal business, so we're very pleased with that and we're going to continue to capitalize on that, particularly with the strength in the kitchen side of the business with our PFresh remodels. And what we're working on now is getting the more discretionary side, domestic, .com up to better numbers. And part of that, as I talked about a minute ago, is increasing the value in our home brand which are better price points and continuing the success we see [ph] in our best price points. 
Kathryn Tesija: Wayne, we're looking at that, but I would tell you a little bit more broadly, we're looking at just gifting in general and how we've gone to market, particularly in Home but somewhat in apparel. So I don't -- I can't tell you at this point what our design partnerships will look like for the back half, but we are definitely considering appropriate things that our guests would be interested in for that December timeframe where we think we can pick up some more business in the gift-giving categories. 
