Kathryn Tesija: Sean, I think a lot of the things that I talked about today with products, as well as with in-store experience and our mobile experience, those are really the key things for us to help drive people to shop at Target beyond the Food that you talked about and of course, the REDcard. 
Kathryn Tesija: Yes, in-stocks have been rock solid for quite some time and in terms of products, I would tell you that we're always making adjustments to what we carry in stores. We learn what's selling and what trends are picking up steam, things like organics and better-for-you products. So that's a never-ending thing that we work on. 
Kathryn Tesija: We are expanding the assortment right now. I don't have a date for you in terms of when we'll get our whole assortment up online. And right now, we're focusing on the most popular items and categories. So we recently added pets, for example, and we'll just continue to expand as we learn more and more about that program. 
Kathryn Tesija: We're always working on inventory accuracy and that is a combination of how we use our systems, as well as the processes in-store. And so it's been less of an issue to date. As we get into some of the additional categories, things like Beauty where there's a lot of SKUs, we've got to make sure that the accuracy is there. I will tell you, Apparel, while we've had good results there, it's a little bit harder partly accuracy, but partly being able to find the exact size when it's not in a planogrammed  environment. So there are a few challenges for us to figure out. But overall, I would tell you that our guest response has been very positive and the survey comments that they hand back to us, they really love the service. So yes, we will keep working on accuracy to make sure that we can fulfill as many orders as possible. But so far, we're very pleased. 
Kathryn Tesija: We didn't give a number, but I'll tell you, it was very positive, above the industry and slightly above 20%. 
John Mulligan: Sure. Inventory, up about 10% year-over-year and you could roughly think about that split about equally between Canada and the U.S. Canada, obviously, we're just in a different place than we were 1 year ago. We build inventories all year as we opened stores. I would tell you in Canada, we feel much, much better. We feel very good about the progress we made in the fourth quarter, clearing excess inventory. The average inventory per store in Canada from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter went down about 30%. So we still have some lingering issues in Q1 with some long lead receipts, but feel very good about the inventory there. In the U.S., I would tell you, the merchant team did an outstanding job reacting to the change in sales and our inventories are in excellent shape. This is the time of year where, in February, we are changing lots of things in the store. And frankly, depending when you snap the line, for year end, relative to our receipts, we see inventory move around a little bit. If you go back over the past couple of years, our inventory per store in the U.S. is up about 3% versus 2 years ago. So this is really more timing than anything else and we feel very good about the inventory position. 
John Mulligan: Well, we should go offline and review where you are -- where you think we are versus our credit rating and where we think we are versus our credit rating. We've actually run pretty close to our credit rating not just last year, which was even higher, but for the past several years. So our view is that we think we can do, given our plans, between $1 billion and $2 billion. We need to see our business results improve over the next couple of quarters. We're starting to see that in February, as we alluded to. And then also, get a little bit of a view into what the potential costs are that may be coming our way as a result of the breach. But given all of that, we still think somewhere in $1 billion to $2 billion, beginning probably in the back half of the year, for the year makes sense. 
John Mulligan: We -- as we said, it's not estimable at this time what the potential cost of the breach is. And given where we are in the process, it'd be inappropriate for me to speculate. 
John Mulligan: Just to be clear, that was insurance receivables. So we haven't actually received payment, but we feel pretty -- we feel very likely to receive payment for a portion of the expenses we incurred in the fourth quarter. What we can say about insurance right now is at this point, we think there's $44 million of insurance that we'll receive and to the extent that number changes, we'll be back to you to provide more information. 
John Mulligan: Yes, on traffic, your view of what happened post the breach is pretty accurate. And we have seen traffic continued to improve and firm up and definitely throughout February, we've seen traffic firm up. And as we said, sales have improved and a big part of that has been traffic. On the REDcard, what we've seen -- and Kathee talked about this a little bit, in our core guests, REDcard guests, they have continued to shop with us and we've seen very strong sales from that. REDcard penetration continues to grow meaningfully, hundreds of basis points year-over-year. And to the extent we're not growing where we used to, that's driven by new accounts. So the guests who have REDcards continue to shop our stores. 
John Mulligan: As has been the case over the past couple of years, the penetration growth comes from new accounts. 
John Mulligan: Great question, Matt. And it's -- analyzing weather isn't a perfect science. I would tell you when we see -- in the Midwest, in the Northeast, when we've see these weather patterns go across the country, the spread is significant between the 2. But ultimately, as that passes, we see them restabilize and everything come back to normal. But the difference while it is going on is pretty dramatic. It's in single digits difference, but it would be high-single digits. 
John Mulligan: First, the comparison to last year, we have to be a little bit careful. There's a 53rd week in there that's a relatively low-volume week, which creates a little bit of distortion year-over-year. But I think, as I said, we continue to work very hard on store productivity, ensuring that we're driving great guest experience and in-stocks, but also improving our productivity. And then all of the expense optimization efforts continue to go on. And some portion of that will fall to the bottom line, some portion of that goes to gross margin and some portion of that gets reinvested in the business as we invest in multi-channel technology supply chain. But I think flat to up slightly is probably about the best way to think about it. 
John Mulligan: Well, it's -- from our perspective, we've got to up our game on all fronts. It starts with delivering great content, great in-stocks, our team is more engaged than ever from a service standpoint, both on the sales floor and at the lanes. And we're going to deliver, as Kathee said, just some eye-popping irresistible deals, so we're going to really up the ante as it relates to making a statement on our unbeatable pricing proposition, which we have. I mean, we price match the competition and we run our circulars and with our 5% REDcard Rewards program, our pricing -- our value proposition is unbeatable. So we're just going to call greater attention to that and selectively, we're going to go out and be more aggressive in that regards. And so it's the combination of all of those elements. 
John Mulligan: Sure. Mix in Canada continues to be stronger in Apparel and home. And we expect that to moderate through time. We ultimately think the mix there will be stronger than what we see in the U.S. But a lot like our high-volume stores in the U.S., our urban stores in the U.S. we see a higher mix of home and Apparel sales. That will moderate through time because we want to drive the frequency categories. That's what we're working on the team in Canada. Ultimately if they're successful in driving conversion in commodities, Grocery, Food, all those categories, we'll see that mix moderate. I think we'll see margin -- we except to see some volatility, Q1, for instance the margin rate won't be at 30%, but it will be a significantly improved from the 4.4% we recorded in the fourth quarter. So we'll make progress and you should expect to see that throughout the year, and of course, back in fourth quarter next year, we'll be down a little bit from that 30% as is typical in our U.S. business given that time of year. 
John Mulligan: Chris, we don't break out promotions individually. It was a big-time of the year and the number was relatively large. But in the big scheme of the fourth quarter, I would tell you it's not material. 
John Mulligan: There's $200 million that we recorded in 2014. We'll annualize on that -- oh, '13, excuse me. We'll annualize on that next year. And the savings came from all over the corporation. There were savings in gross margin around transportation expenses, that will grow again in 2014. There were savings, really it's hard to pin it down. It was literally across the entire organization where we looked at things. We looked at how we sourced product and aligning our non-retail product that we sourced and serviced it and making that look more like we do in merchandising and we saw significant savings there from our sourcing. There's more to do there and we'll see that grow in 2014 as well. But as Gregg said, it was literally across the entire organization where we were focused on stopping things that we didn't need to do. If we need to do them, improving productivity. 
John Mulligan: The chip technology makes it such that using the account numbers without the card becomes very much more difficult. And so the desire to obtain those card numbers goes down significantly. What we've seen in other countries that have adopted chip technology is fraud rates go down dramatically for in-store transactions. And I think in the U.K. or Europe, I can't remember exactly, down like 60% once chip technology was enabled. And so the desire -- those account numbers just become less desirable. 
John Mulligan: You know what, Chris, we're in the middle of an investigation and we can't talk about the specifics. We continue to learn. There'll be learnings that come out of that investigation and from those learnings, we'll take action. And that's about what we can say today. 
