Gregg Steinhafel: We're pleased with our first quarter EPS performance but we're not satisfied with our Retail segment results. We are focused on driving sales through major initiatives like our PFresh remodel program and the 5% REDcard Rewards, while driving value and innovation in every category in our stores and online.  That concludes our prepared remarks. Now Doug, Kathy and I will be happy to respond to your questions.
Gregg Steinhafel: I would also add that the affinity for Target and whether they like us and enjoy shopping in our stores is very robust, and it's the same in all demographic strata. So even those that are more economically challenged at below the $60,000 or below the $50,000 a year household income still love shopping at Target but they just have less discretionary income to spend on those want kind of trips that as when times are better, they would look to Target to come to.
Gregg Steinhafel: Again, I would also add that first quarter traffic deceleration trends could also be due to the fact that seasonal merchandise did not perform as expected throughout the store. You've heard from other retailers that it’s been cooler and damper, so far compared to last year. And seasonal business is a big part of our business this time of year, and we too, were affected by that same trend. So portion of that was probably due to that as well.
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, we don't think the REDcard Rewards program changes the merchandising philosophy at all. I mean, we focus on newness and freshness and making sure that each and every experience is relevant. And so REDcard Rewards will complement that but there isn't any significant change in merchandising strategy as we think about that.
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, it's hard to say. There's probably -- both factors are impacting our business. We clearly expected to drive stronger top line sales in the first quarter and we are disappointed that we didn't deliver on that. So we're working extra hard to try and gain share in both the discretionary and nondiscretionary side of the business. As we've said, our Beauty business, Healthcare, Food and need-based businesses were very, very solid and we struggled in the quarter in areas like electronics, music and movies, seasonal categories and some categories in home. All-in-all, we have to do better broadly across the store.
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, we don't disclose the investments that we've made in the technology in this overall re-platforming effort. I mean, it's been quite extensive over a multiyear period because Amazon has been the host for many, many years, and it's been a very significant undertaking for us it but it's one of the faster-growing parts of our business and we expect it to accelerate beyond even the fast pace that it is today when we launch the site fully later this fall.
Gregg Steinhafel: Thanks, Dan. That concludes Target's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you all for your participation.
Douglas Scovanner: Well, the way we would characterize our answer to that question is that we take a look back at the profile of household income demos of our guests and the guests of several competitors through some purchased research. The last time we looked at this carefully, our median is just over $60,000, that is well above that of Wal-Mart and well below that of say Kohl's, Costco, Macy's, Bed Bath and others.
Douglas Scovanner: I think it's highly impactful, and I personally don't need to look any farther than what's happening with the success of our 5% Rewards program to see that the response by guests driving the incremental sales is very heavily skewed to guests who are already our best, better and best guests measured in annual sales. And by and large, that set of guests is above the median 60-plus thousand dollar income figure that I referenced earlier. So our sales growth is coming from the top 1/2, not the bottom 1/2 of the income profile of guest households.
Douglas Scovanner: Our aggregate experience nationally is very much in line with precisely where we were in Kansas City a year ago, which gives me even greater confidence that what we said 3 months ago remains true today. And that is that we expect the contribution to our same-store sales performance from the 5% Rewards program to grow more rapidly in its importance, possibly adding close to 2 percentage points to same-store sales growth later in the year.
Douglas Scovanner: Each of 5% Rewards and PFresh contributed more than a full percentage point, by our estimates, to our total same-store sales growth of 2.0% implying that the core, as you term it, was slightly negative in the quarter. Using that same definition, I think it's important to observe that we're cycling against a core figure that was the strongest quarter last year by some measure. We do not expect the core, by that definition, to remain in negative territory for the balance of the year.
Douglas Scovanner: I don't believe that I used the word commitment. I certainly used the words prediction or estimate or best guess or something of that kind in making that forward-looking statement. I believe that we remain quite likely to achieve 4% to 5% same-store sales performance in the fall. I believe that we're quite likely to experience better same-store sales growth in Q2 than we did in Q1. And likewise in sequence, better same-store sales growth in the fall than in the spring. Whether the math actually adds up and weights out properly for the full year to be better than 4%, hangs in the balance of how much better than 4% the aggregate of the next 3 quarters might be compared to the 2.0% that we just posted. Obviously, 2.0% was less than what we expected going into the quarter and therefore, it certainly adjusted the prospects of achieving 4% to 5% for the full year.
Douglas Scovanner: No. Our timetable for opening stores remains the same as we previously outlined. We expect to open in several waves beginning in the spring of 2013 and we expect from among the Zellers leasehold interests to open 100 to 150 total stores between 2013 and '14, with the majority in 2013.
Douglas Scovanner: I think this circles right back to the discussion we were having a moment ago regarding, I think the word was the core. In other words, excluding PFresh and 5% Rewards, we were slightly negative for the quarter. And the traffic trend that you're putting your finger on is right in line with that core figure. In other words, the fact that our units are accelerating and our average unit selling price is decelerating has a whole lot to do with PFresh, for example. And the traffic trend, excluding these initiatives, was negative in the quarter, and meaning that it drives -- it's a direct correlation with that implied negative core same-store sales result.
Douglas Scovanner: Certainly. So we're talking about favorable leverage in round terms of 20 basis points of sales on a relatively soft 2% same-store sales performance. 2% in same-store sales performance usually, all else being equal, would create more of a neutral than a favorable expense leverage environment. On the positive side of the ledger, and thinking through the things that are likely to influence future quarters as well, first of all, our stores' teams did a magnificent job, favorably leveraging hourly payroll and benefits in light of that sales performance. Separately, in the notes to our financial statements, you can see that effective with the launch of 5% Rewards, we re-characterized the intersegment intra-company accounting, essentially our Credit Card segment, has a profit-sharing arrangement with our Retail segment just as we would expect to have a similarly structured arrangement with a new bank partner moving forward. Those 2 items alone represented net 100% or more of the favorable expense leverage. Separately, in the category of things that happened in the quarter that don't really have forward-looking value or benefits from my standpoint, oh, there's a host of offsetting issues from timing issues to accrual adjustments to generally unfavorable leveraging of things that are inflating faster than our 2% sales. But in the aggregate, that whole bundle of issues, generally nonrecurring issues, if you will, was relatively neutral in the quarter.
Douglas Scovanner: You need to segregate the analysis between the 2, but in either case, the assertion that you've heard is just not true. In the case of 5% Rewards, the mix of sales driven at the margin, in other words, the incremental sales mix, is only slightly different from the sales mix of our base business before 5% Rewards. In the quarter, that mix issue regarding 5% Rewards had a trivial impact on our aggregate gross margin rate. In the aggregate, gross margin rate was down between 80 and 90 basis points. And the mix issue related to 5% Rewards was a low-single-digit number of basis points of that 80 to 90 basis point change. So with respect to 5% Rewards, totally off-the-mark. With respect to PFresh, we have acknowledged many, many times that the sales mix on the incremental sales at the moment is very heavily skewed toward lower-margin merchandise in the store, but that is right in line with our expectations, not different from our expectations. There, there certainly is a sales mix issue. It is exactly the one that we expected. Net-net, taking everything into account, the gross margin rate on the incremental sales, the incremental expenses and so forth, PFresh continues to deliver aggregate profitability right in line with our original expectations. So the 2 programs do behave very differently. In total, if you look at the gross margin rate change for the quarter, the significant majority of the rate change is attributable to these 2 programs. Let's call it 50 to 60 basis points of the aggregate 80 to 90 total. The 50 to 60 is the impact that we would expect these 2 programs to have going forward. The residual amount, unexplained by these 2 programs in the quarter, having a lot to do with last year's base, by the way, is a little bit of residual mix, adverse mix unrelated to these 2 programs and net, a small amount of gross margin rate change, adverse gross margin rate change, gross margin rate decline due to things other than 5% Rewards and other than PFresh.
Douglas Scovanner: Expect the Canada, year-over-year, to be hugely accretive in 2014. Whether or not Canada is accretive in 2013 hangs in the balance of how dilutive it is in 2012, and that's something we have not commented on yet.
Douglas Scovanner: Let me address the second set of questions first, and we'll come back to the gas price question. Nothing's changed in our 5% Rewards experience from our initial read of the Kansas City data long ago. It's driving -- it drove in the quarter a little better than a full point of same-store sales performance. The combined impact of the low-single-digit basis point change in gross margin rate and the, call it 30-ish basis point, change in gross margin due to the markdown component of the program is right in line with our expectations, right in line with Kansas City. Nothing's changed yet the program itself is still small enough that it's not masking any kind of underlying changes that are different from what's aggregate and reported. This is 7% or 8% of our sales with a fairly small change in the aggregate, and so it's not changing or masking any underlying trends. What we're talking about is the underlying trends are the same trends with and without 5% Rewards. A 7% of sales component of our business can't have that kind of impact to change the underlying dynamics. Separately, on the gas price question. You have to see the smile in my face. We've employed MBA summer interns a couple of times to do a pretty careful and rigorous statistical analysis and has come up short of having something that is reliable in a statistically significant sense that I could describe as a correlation. So I would say that the relationship is logical but is very hard to show on a time series in any kind of proper statistical analysis.
Douglas Scovanner: Yes, let's stick with the U.S. Retail segment for a minute and talk about Canada separately. Over the last 12 months, we reinvested capital about in line with our annualized depreciation and amortization expense, and that's why year-over-year in dollars, there isn't much change. Certainly, one of the underlying factors is that both in the last 12 months and in the prior 12 months, there's quite a bit of accelerated depreciation due to our PFresh remodeling program. You may recall that when we first launched this program, we talked about the incremental $100 million or so of accelerated depreciation as we're writing off and replacing store fixtures and other store-based assets before their economic life, before their book life is exhausted. So in both cases, maybe 5% of the annual figure is due to this accelerated depreciation phenomenon, certainly less than that in the quarter because there is seasonal impact to the accelerated depreciation. Turning to Canada, as we move into the back half of the year, we'll have amortization expense associated with the $1,825,000,000 of premium that we're paying to acquire the leases. And in addition, the stores that we intend to occupy for accounting purposes will highly likely be leases capitalized on our financial statements and therefore, not only do we end up with amortization expenses of premium but also depreciation expense on the underlying leases. A combination of those 2 for the year that are already embedded in the comments that I made about Canadian dilution, call it maybe $40 million to $50 million.
Douglas Scovanner: And Bob, one thing I would add is the Amazon arrangement that we have today is largely a variable arrangement so it doesn't change margin dynamics at meaningfully higher or lower rates of sale. And by pulling it in house, we're essentially investing a generally fixed amount that would create a problem if sales fell and will create a benefit, perhaps a very large one, if sales were to increase, especially if they were to increase a lot.
Douglas Scovanner: I think you're looking in the wrong place. Right now, the penetration of the top 10% with this program is very, very low. I think the path to prosperity lies in continuing to harvest more and more and more of the top 10%. I mean bear in mind, when we say that the sales lift among this top 10% who take up the card is 40% to 50%, it means that if we were successful in putting one of those cards in the hands of every one of our top 10 guests, who collectively today represent nearly 1/2 of our sales, we'd have a 40% or 50% sales lift on 1/2 of our base. We'd have an instant overnight 20% or 25% increase in our sales. The key to prosperity is continuing to market the program to the guests who already have a strong affinity for the brand and have the means and intent to spend a lot more when enabled with this vehicle.
Douglas Scovanner: I think that your observation is totally sound, and it is within the realm of possibility that our allowance by the end of this year could approach the figure you just discussed. 7% of gross receivables by year end is maybe not the center point of expectations but is clearly within the range of possibilities.
Kathryn Tesija: So in general, Adrianne, I would say that we are encouraged by our experience so far this spring. So you're correct that our apparel increases were up in the low- to mid-single-digit and we hit double-digit in some categories in home. And in general, we're seeing that our competitors are also taking their retails up so the market is moving along with the cost increases. And the response from our guest has been neutral to slightly positive on the sales line. So obviously, as we enter the fall season and the increases continue to grow in number of categories as well as the size, we need to continue to be very thoughtful and strategic in where we take those retail increases. But so far, based on our spring results, I'm encouraged.
Kathryn Tesija: I would just add that because REDcard is our better and best guests and typically they are more affluent, that I think that's where we seeing some of the increases in our better and best price points, particularly the best. So some of our higher-end brands, this guest is shopping around the store, and we do see strength in that best category as well as good.
Kathryn Tesija: We're segmenting across the whole store. My comment was, I think we, based on the success that we've seen, can go deeper in Beauty and in Healthcare. And this is fairly advanced at Target. We've been doing this for a number of years from volume strategies, climate strategies, lots of different segmentation. So this is just a continuation for us deeper into some categories where we still see opportunity. And particular, in both Health and Beauty, there's a lot going on there demographically. Our Hispanic and African-American guests are really responding for -- to our Beauty offering. And then I think with Healthcare, the aging of the population, that gives us opportunities to segment our assortment and improve upon our results.
Kathryn Tesija: Certainly, yes. So overall, I think our inventory is in good condition as we enter the second quarter. We have very strong in-stock levels. As you mentioned, it is up. Our average inventory per store at costs versus last year is up about 6%, and it's really spread across categories so it's not lumpy or things that would worry me in terms of a markdown risk. So in total, I think it's good quality.
Kathryn Tesija: Yes. We see it rational across-the-board, not just cotton or fabric-based products, but across food and several other categories where we've seen some increases.
