John Mulligan: Matt, all I can tell you is what we're focused on going forward, and we're focused -- Kathee and I and the whole leadership team have been talking to the team for the past couple of weeks about our focus is on driving the business forward, and we have 3 key objectives: drive sales and traffic in the U.S.; accelerate our operational improvement in Canada and, ultimately, our business performance; and then third, accelerate our transformation and get to be a leading omnichannel retailer in the U.S. And that's where we have the teams focused. 
John Mulligan: Matt, as you know, when sales get out of -- when sales aren't on expectation and inventories get a little heavy, they get lumpy. And so there's areas where we're a little bit heavier than we'd like, there's areas where we're a little bit lighter than we'd like, and we're working to, I'd say, balance all of the inventories. And a lot of it, frankly, will be dependent on do we meet our sales objectives. In the first quarter, a little bit light but not materially so. And if we continue to hit to our sales objectives, I think we'll see our inventory smooth out over the course of the year and be in a manageable position for the remainder of the year. I don't know if there's anything to add, Kathee. 
John Mulligan: Sure. On the first question on the CEO search, certainly, that's under the board's purview, and I would tell you, rather than focused on time, they're focused on getting the right individual to lead the company, as I said, to become an omnichannel retailer. So that's their focus, and the time will take as long as it's appropriate to get the right person. On the second one on share repurchase and specifically related to the potential breach liabilities, getting visibility to that in the second half of the year, there's a process that is agreed to within networks. They get some information from their forensics investigator and then they go through a process to evaluate incremental fraud where we may have potential liability. And then they come back to us after a period of time, and as we've looked at that historically, we've seen that that's taken several months and that's why we get to the third quarter. We don't have, frankly, Bob, a lot of visibility to that, but as I said, as we look at other incidents, that's what we've seen in the past for timing of when some of those potential liabilities may become more clear. 
John Mulligan: Sure. I'll talk maybe a little bit about where we are today, and Kathee can talk about what we're doing to drive growth there. I mean, the sales in our business, somewhere between 2% and 3%, digital-channel originated, probably in the 2.5% range right now. REDcards, given the free shipping online, we have a lot of our REDcards guests shopping online, and I think we talked in the past, Greg, we have a very high penetration of online orders that we free-ship because of that REDcard. We think it's absolutely the right incentive or part of that loyalty package for REDcard, but it drives a very high penetration. And Kathee, you can talk about where we're going. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think if you mean for an annual number, getting to an annual positive traffic number, very difficult. We're working hard on increasing traffic for each of the quarters, and I think our benchmark is are we seeing continued improvement in traffic as we go sequentially? But for the full year, even if we just pick a number at random -- 1 comp, I don't think we'll see positive traffic for the year. 
John Mulligan: I don't think there's a target level of investment. I think, first, from a CapEx standpoint, our approach has been we're going to invest in all the investments the business needs to grow profitably and generate appropriate returns. The length of time over which those returns occur, we have a very long lead time as we think about capital investment. Stores have a very long return cycle. So we're used to making investments that pay back over a long period of time. From an expense standpoint, I think there, probably the biggest investment and where you'll see us accelerate is in speed and doing more testing and learning. And that's not just digital, but also in our store, just getting more activities out into the business that we're testing, we're modifying and adjusting and improving on. And if it doesn't work, pull it back and retreat from that and learn from the testing. I think the best example of that is Cartwheel. We put that out in beta. We knew there were things about the app that we didn't particularly like. Our guests let us know what they didn't like about the app. The team iterated and iterated. And 1 year later and, really, not with much marketing until more recently, we have 7 million users, and the app has evolved as our guests have provided us feedback. And as Kathee talked about, a lot of the merchandising initiatives in Baby and in Apparel and in Toys and in Electronics, that's the same approach we've taken, get it out in the stores, modify it, test it somewhere else, and modify it and then we'll move to scale. And so those are the investments we'll see in expense, and I don't think that it's limited by some false number of expense dollars we have to allocate toward it. It will be driven by the appropriateness of what we're testing. 
John Mulligan: Yes, as we said, we continue to see improvement across the business into April as the guests data improved and our sales performance improved. And the early-cycle stores continue to be the best. And it's, again, almost in order down the sheet, cycle 1, cycle 2, cycle 3, cycle 4, cycle 5. So the earliest stores, the longer they've been open, they perform the better. But the good thing is all cycles on an upward path. We're not where we need to be and we're not where we need to be versus our expectations, but it's good to start to see some progress. 
John Mulligan: I'll take the second one and then Kathee can answer the first. I think on sales tax, we definitely see an impact when Amazon collects sales tax and, in particular, in states that have much higher sales taxes to begin with, where essentially the price differential is much more meaningful. And so we've definitely seen that impact as we've watch them collect sales taxes across the country. And Kathee, you can talk about the rest. 
John Mulligan: And I think Kathee's exactly right, not ready to give a lot of guidance on sales, profit and how it will all work out. But I would tell you, broadly, regardless of where the profit margin rates end up, pushing incremental sales across our existing assets will be a very good thing for return on invested capital, and we're very excited about that. And with that, I think we have time for one more question. 
John Mulligan: Well, that concludes our First Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Thank you, all, for your participation. 
Kathryn Tesija: Yes, the thing that I would add, Matt, is we're working on making sure that our forecasts are accurate, and then as we buy into them, that we've got chase and cancel plans built-in so that we're able to react in-season versus what we've done in this past year without any history and having to react at the end of the season to clear more. So we are still lumpy. We still have products to clear. But we're getting our arms around that forecast, and I think that will help us as we move through the year. 
Kathryn Tesija: Yes, in terms of growth, Greg, mobile is where we're really focused and about 2/3 of our traffic right now comes from mobile. So we're really pleased with the results that we've seen there, not only in traffic, but also conversion. And we did improve conversion both on the site and on mobile, and in total -- and you know that mobile conversion is lower than site conversion, so that headwind from the mix is there but we still improved overall conversions. So we're happy with that. There's also a lot of new things that we're doing. Certainly, there's product introductions. I talked about the furniture a few minutes ago. There's always new stuff that we're adding on the site. We're expanding. We've got all -- almost all-store products online, now setup online, lots to be sold online. But now we're adding out in other areas where we should have a much larger selection and we think online is a place to do that, things like Apparel, Home, Beauty. In addition to that, there's a lot of services that we are adding that are doing really well. We talked about Buy Online, Pick Up in Store subscriptions has been really successful for us. We started last fall with about 150 SKUs, and in those items, our online sales were about 15% in subscriptions. So with no marketing and just beta on the site. So we've now got about 1,500 items, and by June, we'll have 5,000 items that will be available for subscriptions. When guests purchase those items, they will be able to get a 5% discount for signing up for subscriptions. So a lot of product and a lot of services that go with that to drive our growth. 
Kathryn Tesija: Yes, the thing that I would add to that, Matt, the reason for getting more out -- and historically, we've tended to work on our newness until we felt we got it to an almost complete level and then we would put into pilot. The point now and John's point about Cartwheel and some of the in-store things that we're doing, we want to get in front of our guests very quickly, get their reaction to it so that we're fine-tuning it much more quickly and then able to move out to roll out at a much faster pace, with the products and the service that we know our guests will love. 
Kathryn Tesija: And I think the key to each of those cycles and improving them is getting this history under our belt, and now, we can forecast more accurately as we move forward. And as John said, we're very committed to accelerating our performance in Canada, and we think that it will continue to go by cycle as it has this past year. 
Kathryn Tesija: Yes, in terms of our online business, the part that I'm very encouraged about is that as comScore reports, when we look at traffic on our site versus the top 7 retailers, we led by far, and obviously, Amazon has a lot of traffic, but it was flat in the quarter and ours was up considerably. So I'm pleased with -- that the changes that we're making to this site, with the user experience and the added product that we're adding, is driving that guest behavior and that we're seeing the traffic. Clearly, Amazon is doing very well and they have in the consumables category a lot of business. We've been now ramping that up, starting with some more style-related consumable business. If you think Beauty, for example, you'll see us pushing forward there faster versus Grocery, which we're doing dry grocery now but we're not working on refrigerated and frozen at this point. 
Kathryn Tesija: At this point, I don't think we're ready to commit to what that will do from a financial perspective. Our main focus right now is what will most resonate with our guests, getting pilots out in beta so that we can learn and experience from them. Ultimately, we have to work to be profitable on all of those. But our main goal right now is sales-driven and understanding guest behavior so that we can then tailor the assortment to suit them and be profitable at it. I will tell you, I've been really pleased with some of these new initiatives and how rapidly our guest is responding to them. Store pickup is the biggest because it's now rolled out, but ship-from-store, which was really a Minneapolis team member test so far, we're going to be expanding that in June and make that guest-facing, having that $10 rush delivery in Boston, Minneapolis and Miami. And based on our team member response and the feedback that they gave us, I think that this will also resonate with our guests, so I'm really excited to see where that goes. And then later in the year, we're going to be adding standard shipping from 135 stores in about 38 markets, and that will allow faster delivery, not the express that I just talked about, but 1- to 2-day delivery and as well as provide access to the store assortment that you can't get right now on target.com. So lots of good things happening. Not yet ready to say what it means in terms of our sales or our profit. 
Kathryn Tesija: Well, I think that the point is that we want to accelerate newness and innovation in this interim period. Here, we've talked about interim doesn't mean idle. We are approaching our business with as much passion and focus on improving results as we always have. And in terms of this structure, I think, as John mentioned, focusing on our top 3 priorities and having this merchant team really focused on the U.S. -- improving U.S. performance and leveraging deep functional expertise to be able to speed up that innovation and newness. So for example, putting all of our Style business together, both merchandising and design, all under Trish Adams; having our essentials and Hardlines business all under Jose Barra; having all inventory and all operations under Keri Jones; and then our omnichannel efforts all under Casey Carl, are really important to be able to leverage that expertise and move very quickly in improving our results. 
Kathryn Tesija: I'll just tell you that the board has been very supportive on these changes. We've talked at length about getting the right people in the right chair to be able to drive our performance. And we're really pleased with this structure and the people that we have leading these teams. 
Kathryn Tesija: As we've been focusing on irresistible deals for our guests, we've invested in both sides. I gave you the example of the Coke ad that we ran in, I think, it was in March, but we've also done broad categories on the want-side like the Ultimate Spring Break Sale or our Baby Sales. We're looking at really needs and wants, and how do we invest in both sides to be able to delight our guests. And we've had great success in both categories. 
