Brian Cornell: Thanks, Cathy. Based on what you've heard today, I hope you can see why we are so encouraged by what we're seeing in our business. Target has always thrived by being different, by being the best version of ourselves, not another version of someone else. And we've earned the deep loyalty of our guests because we are different, because we deliver a unique assortment and experience, one that's optimistic, aspirational and full of possibilities.  But being different means always changing. Right now, we're investing to deliver differentiation that matters in today's world, focusing on convenience, digital brands, our operating model, small formats and the look and feel of existing stores. And we're investing in our greatest differentiator, our team, because human touch still matters even in a digital world. Thanks for your time today.  Now John, Mark, Cathy and I will move to your questions. 
Brian Cornell: I think you've summarized it well. I think as we sit here today, we feel really good about the traffic that we've generated in the first quarter and the acceleration of that traffic as we go into Q2. And as we've said in some of our prepared remarks, it's really the combination of all of these initiatives working together. And for several years now, I've talked about the importance of traffic as a true indicator of the health of our business and the guest reaction to our key strategic initiatives. So they're all coming together well. I think the guest is reacting to our new remodels, to the new brands, to our new fulfillment options, to what we're doing from a digital standpoint. All of these elements have come together, and the guest is rewarding us with increased traffic. So we felt great about the traffic number growing by 3.7%, the best traffic growth we've seen in over a decade. And importantly, that traffic growth is continuing as we go into Q2. So it's really the culmination of all of the initiatives coming together and the guests recognizing the changes we're making at Target. 
Brian Cornell: Matt, the remodels is performing exactly the way we had planned. Obviously, there is a disruption during the construction period. But our team is getting better and better at minimizing the disruption, accelerating the remodel time frame. And the guest is reacting very well as we complete these remodels. So the remodel initiative is working exceptionally well for us. We're generating the 2% to 4% lift that we're projecting, and the guest reaction has been superb. 
Brian Cornell: Oliver, a number of different questions, so I'll try to unpack each one of them. But as we think about the overall experience and making sure that we provide ease to our guests, we're taking a very balanced approach. We want to make sure we provide a great in-store experience. It's why we're investing in remodels, investing in our team, investing in specialized services in the store. And then we recognize that from time to time, our guest is looking for alternative ways to shop. So we want to make it really easy for them to order online and conveniently pick up in one of our stores. We're seeing a great reaction, as John mentioned, to our Drive-Up service. And as we expand that service, we continue to hear the guests talk about how much they enjoy that. Obviously, with Shipt, we're now in over 70 markets, and the guest reaction has been superb. And our ability to deliver goods to their homes in now minutes is being very well-received. So we want to make sure we provide a great experience no matter how the guest wants to shop. And I think more and more of the initiatives that we're rolling out, whether it's Drive-Up or Shipt, what we're doing with the expansion of Restock, all being very well-received. But importantly, we're seeing a very positive reaction to the in-store experience. And while we feel great about the overall traffic numbers and the comp numbers, what's really encouraging is guests are coming to our stores and enjoying that experience, and they're shopping the full portfolio while they're there. 
Brian Cornell: Ed, I'll just reinforce the point, we're very confident in our full year guidance, both from a comp standpoint and an EPS standpoint. And as Mark alluded to in his comments, the reaction to our owned brands in Apparel and Home has been very strong. We've got a number of new brands we'll launch over the balance of the year, and we certainly expect that's going to influence the mix of our business as we go into Q2, Q3 and the holiday season. So we're very confident with the way the business is performing. We're seeing a very strong start to Q2, acceleration off of what we consider a very strong start to the year in Q1. And it gives us increased confidence in our full year guidance. 
Brian Cornell: Greg, I think, again, the guest is reacting to the changes we've made throughout our experience, whether it's the new brands, which I think are going to continue to deliver great results and deliver very strong margins for us. The multi-category strength we saw in the quarter is something that we feel really good about. We've been talking about this for some time. But seeing strength in Home, in Household Essentials, in Beauty, in Food and Beverage, the guest is reacting to our offerings, and they're shopping multiple categories at Target both in-store and online. So we expect that to continue. And as we remodel more stores, as we open up stores in new neighborhoods, as we continue to offer great new brands and new services, we expect traffic to continue to grow. So we think traffic was one of the highlights in the quarter, but we also feel really good about the fact that we grew comps to 3%, our digital channel grew by 28% and our EPS grew by over 9%. So we feel like all of the key initiatives are coming together, and we're delivering very solid results that are in line with our plan for 2018. 
Brian Cornell: Scott, we're expecting again low single-digit comp growth throughout the year. We're seeing really strong acceleration as we go into Q2, so we expect to see comps grow as we go into the second quarter. But our guidance is something that we got great confidence in, and we expect to see solid comp expansion throughout the year. 
Brian Cornell: Look, Scott, this is a part of the investments we've been making in our store teams over the last few years. It was just a few years ago we rolled out visual merchandising across the entire chain, investing in Beauty, and we're seeing great results as a by-product of that. Special resources behind Food and Beverage, and that's certainly improving both our performance, helping us grow share, but also improving the in-stock condition. So we'll continue to make those investments over the balance of the year. But importantly, the guest is responding to those changes, and they've been a very important part in driving the comp increases we saw in the first quarter. 
Brian Cornell: Good. Well, we appreciate you joining us today. Hopefully, you sense the confidence we have in our business. We feel great about the start of the year in Q1, the acceleration we're seeing in Q2 and our confidence in our full year guidance. So operator, that concludes our first quarter 2018 earnings conference call, and I thank all of you for joining us.
Catherine Smith: Yes. As we said, clearly, every -- much of the first quarter played out exactly as we would have planned and hoped for. Other than that late temperature-sensitive category, which drove some mix pressure, we've seen that all come back into the beginning -- end of April and the beginning of this quarter, and so we're really confident. And then in addition, we have a number of initiatives we started last year that will start to cycle over about -- thinking about our price and promo reinvestments and stuff, give us confidence toward the back half of the year, and then some cost initiatives. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. Yes, so we saw a little bit of benefit -- or a little bit of benefit in Q1, a little bit more benefit in Q2. But obviously, that's all contemplated into our guidance. And that gives us additional confidence into the guidance we've given. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. So Q1 really did play out much as we would have expected. Obviously, the really strong traffic drove some great comp sales. We are investing in the SG&A that we said we were going to invest. So that was really very, very consistent. And in all fairness, gross margin played out exactly as we would have expected, except for a little different mix. And so a little bit stronger Essentials and Beauty and Food and Beverage, a little bit weaker with the temperature-sensitive categories that came back toward the end of the quarter. And so it's just literally a mixed conversation in Q1. What gives me confidence going through the rest of the year, we'll continue to invest in our business, as we've said, for the long term. That's consistent. We've got gross margin plans, obviously, as we cycle over some of those investments last year as well as those cost initiatives, which we've got planned and have planned into our guidance. 
Catherine Smith: Yes, Greg, so just think about it this way, we literally just map week for week. So the first 13 weeks of this quarter were the first 13 weeks and just kind of roll that out. Obviously, it does pull a little bit of Back-to-School, Back-to-College, which is why you're seeing some inventory come through as well, but we're not going to quantify that. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. With regards to the calendar, so it's again really simple, just map week for week is what we do, which means you're going to see a little bit -- we saw a little bit of benefit this quarter, a little bit more next quarter, a little less -- a little headwind in Q3 and a little bit more in Q4, and it's kind of that throughout the course of the year. 
John Mulligan: Yes. So I think nothing new here, really. Digital fulfillment sales have put pressure on gross margin as that continues to grow faster than the rest of the business. But on the other side of that, as you pointed out, as we continue to ship more from our stores, that is the, first, the fastest way to ship for our guest; and second, it's the most efficient from a cost perspective for us. And the other thing I would point to is when we introduce things like 2-day shipping, we see lift in units as well. And so as we increase units, the cost per unit to fulfill goes down dramatically. The same is true with Shipt, where those basket sizes are almost double the average basket size that we see in the chain, and so the cost per unit to fulfill goes down meaningfully. And so that's one thing. Mike McNamara and the digital team are focused on is continuing to drive -- as we lower the actual cost to deliver, the team continues to focus on driving the average basket size to lower the cost per unit and improve the unit economics across all of our digital business. 
John Mulligan: Yes. The store team has been going through a process of modernizing our store operating model. It's out in -- it's in pilot right now in what we would call 26 districts across the country. I mean, really the idea here is to get experts in the areas where they know the business. So we have food people who know the Food business, and they are accountable for the totality of that business. They do the restock. They do intraday restocking. They own price change. They own everything that goes on in that business. Similarly, in Apparel or Beauty or Electronics, and they also have expertise to help the guest understand those specialty businesses, and that's a big part of what we're doing, too. But as they own the business, and we've seen this in Beauty over the past 52 weeks for the team, we are further ahead in Beauty, we see out-of-stocks improve because the same person is in that area every single day, and they own it, and they make sure it's stocked. So some great progress there. We're a little bit further in areas like Food and Beauty than we are -- and Apparel than we are in a couple of others. But that's the focus across the entirety of the store operations. And I would say, Scott, too, that's been a big part of our out-of-stocks. There's also some things we're doing upstream as it relates to inventory positioning, improving our speed of recovery across the chain as well. So there's a lot of moving parts there as it relates to out-of-stocks, but obviously, as you know, it's something we are very, very focused on. 
John Mulligan: It depends on -- there's lots of moving parts. Beauty is across the entire chain right now, and Food and Beverage operating model is probably across most of the chain as well. Some of the other pieces, we're testing different changes across about 1/4 of the business. So it's in various stages, and we'll continue to refine it and roll that out across the chain as we move forward. 
