Brian Cornell: First, I want to thank all of you for dialing in this morning. While we would have loved to have seen you in New York today, given the circumstances, we wanted to make things easier for out-of-town travelers who might want to stay closer to home.  For the first part of the meeting, John, Michael and I will walk you through the highlights of our recent performance, the continued evolution of our long-term strategy and our outlook on the future. After that, we'll open things up and take your questions for the balance of the meeting.  Again, I want to thank you for your flexibility and look forward to an engaging conversation with all of you this morning.  And with that, let's get started.  [Presentation] 
Brian Cornell: Thanks for joining us. And I want to thank everyone for being so flexible today. We look forward to seeing you in person throughout the year, and certainly, we look forward to gathering again in person next year.  Chris, as I think about Q4, and we've talked about some of the implications, obviously, we felt really good about our performance in many categories, very strong growth in apparel, strength in beauty, in household essentials and also in food and beverage, which was offset by softness in toys where we ran a flat comp but actually grew share in a category that was facing some pressure overall, and we were disappointed with our performance in electronics.  That being the case, we're feeling very confident that we're already putting plans in place for the fourth quarter of this year. We'll learn from last year. We'll make sure that we enhance our inventory position on key items. As we've said many times, we exited the fourth quarter of this year and went into January with very little clearance inventory. We're going to make sure that we rebalance inventories as we go into next year. We're excited about some of the newness in electronics, some changes we'll make in our home cadence. But overall, we're already working on our plans for the fourth quarter of 2020 and feel very confident that we'll certainly learn from this year and build some exciting plans for our guests as we think about the holiday season of 2020. 
Brian Cornell: Chris, we're going to continue to carefully curate our Target Plus assortment. I'll continue to emphasize the fact that it's an invitation-only. We're carefully working with vendors that we think meet our criteria. We will expand that selectively over time, and that is an arrangement where those vendors ship directly to our guests. So we're very pleased with the early reaction. We'll carefully build curation and assortment over time, but the reaction has been very positive. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. As Michael discussed during the prepared comments, we expect a very consistent level of performance throughout the year, low single-digit comps, mid-single-digit operating income expansion, high single-digit EPS. There'll be some fluctuation month-to-month, but you should expect a very consistent performance over the balance of the year. We felt very good about the start of our business in February, and we expect to deliver very consistent results throughout 2020. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. I think we should see a very consistent pattern with digital as we continue to invest in our same-day fulfillment options and the guest continues to gravitate in that space. So we've got a very consistent track record over the last 6 years. I think you're going to continue to see that perform quite well as we go into 2020 and beyond. 
Brian Cornell: Sure. Oliver, thanks for joining us. Why don't I let John talk about some of the changes and enhancements we'll make to Drive-Up? And I'll let Michael talk about some of the changes that we have on the promotional front. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. I mean, Oliver, we've been really clear, as we talk to our guests and as we think about our strategy going forward, we'll continue to focus on same-day. And we really think that's the point of difference for Target. Whether it's order online, pick up in-store, Drive-Up or having a Shipt shopper come to your own within hours, we really think that's the most important area for us to focus on. And you'll continue to see us lean into our same-day fulfillment options in 2020 and beyond. 
Brian Cornell: So Kate, I'd just reinforce a couple of points that John has made. As we think about the benefits of upstream automation, we'll continue to focus on improving our in-stock positions, the quality of our in-store presentation, continue to invest in that high-touch service and continue to support our same-day fulfillment option. So you'll continue to hear us repeat that again and again as we think about 2020 and beyond. But we think we've got opportunities to improve our in-stock position, improve the quality of our presentation each and every day, continue to make sure that we use our team members and that human touch as a point of differentiation and continue to invest in our same-day fulfillment options. 
Brian Cornell: Well, Kate, obviously, as we continue to invest in growth both in-store and online, we're seeing a number of new vendors knocking on our door. Certainly, we've seen that in categories like apparel with Levi's and what we've done in the space with Disney, but we're also seeing new brands knocking on our door in categories like beauty. We were really excited this week to announce the new partnership with Boar's Head in food and beverage. So I would expect that's going to continue to happen over time. And we'll carefully select those new partners that fit our brand standards and are right for our guests. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, like others, we've been carefully monitoring the situation and the impact on our business, our team and our guests. We've been working closely with our overseas vendor partners, both our own brand partners and our national brand partners, to understand the state of play. We've set up a team over the last month that's literally meeting daily to monitor POs, to understand the state of production in China, to understand the rate of workers returning to work, understanding the state of the ports. So we've been looking at this from all possible dimensions.  And certainly, from a merchandising standpoint, we know that we're going to see some periodic delays. We're out in front of that, making changes in our assortment and our promotional and presentation plans. But all that's reflected right now in our view of guidance for certainly the first quarter and the balance of the year. We've also been working very closely with some of our domestic vendors, our DSD partners, as we see some growing demand in categories like household essentials and food and beverage to make sure we are supporting that with the right level of inventory.  So it's an ongoing process, and it's very dynamic. But I feel really good about the work our teams have done, the focus that our sourcing groups, our supply chain, our merchants have brought to this discussion. And our focus is going to be to continue to meet the needs of our guests during these challenging times that we're all facing. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Joe, we're still in the early stages of testing some new redesigns. You should expect that to appear in about 200 locations this year, start to envision TVs at a much lower level as you would actually see them in your home, an emphasis on more interaction with our team members to provide insights into how to bring these products home and install them in your home, certainly elevating some of the focus on the key brands in that space. And we know that brands are really important in that space, so the focus we'll place behind brands like Apple and Samsung. So really trying to make sure it's a more inviting environment where we can have better interaction with our guests, where our teams can provide the professional services that our guests are looking for in that space.  So we'll continue to test and learn and iterate as we've always done with changes in-store. But we really want to make sure that we bring the guests a much more inspiring environment within electronics where our team members can provide the expertise that they need each and every day. 
Brian Cornell: Joe, I think you're going to see us spend a lot more time on brand management. And I'll use Cat & Jack as an example. Cat & Jack's been part of our collection for 4 years now. It's now a multibillion-dollar brand. But our teams will need to continue to bring newness, make sure that, that brand is on trend, make sure that we continue to bring a refreshed assortment to our guests each and every quarter and understand when we need to make changes and pivot some of these brands to make sure that we constantly stay on trend. So over the course of time, some of the brands we have introduced, they might go away and be replaced by some new brands. But I think more and more, we're going to be making sure we're managing the life cycle of those brands, bringing newness, bringing great insights, refreshing the collection, making sure the aesthetic is on trend for what our guest is looking for and continue to strengthen and invest in the brands that we have in place today.  So Cat & Jack is just one of many of examples of where we know we've got additional opportunities to build even stronger relationship with our guests and make sure those brands are even more relevant in years to come. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Peter, we'll start with the first big season of the year, and that was Valentine's Day in February where we saw a very strong performance and a great reaction from the guests. We expect that to continue as we go into Easter. And obviously, we're very focused on back-to-school, back-to-college, which is a very important season and life moment for Target. And I think we feel very good about our sourcing plans and our position as we get ready for that holiday season.  So off to a good start. We see a very good reaction to our assortment and our plans for Valentine's Day. We're now focused on the Easter holiday. And I think our teams have put together really strong plans for back-to-school and back-to-college this year, and we feel good about how we're positioned going into those seasons. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. I'll start, and I'll let John and Michael jump in. But over the last few days as obviously everyone's been reporting, we've certainly seen a U.S. consumer that's starting to stock up on household essentials, disinfectants, food and beverage items. All those staple items that the CDC has recommended, they add to their pantry. And certainly, we've seen aggressive shopping across the country in our stores. So we're obviously working closely with our domestic vendors, with our DSD partners to make sure that we're elevating inventory in preparation for what we think is going to be a continued demand for stock-up items.  So certainly, we're seeing that across our network. We expect that to continue over the next few weeks, and we'll watch it carefully over time. 
Brian Cornell: Why don't I start, and then I'll let Michael continue? And I think as we look at the fourth quarter, we clearly recognize that we exited the fourth quarter at a level of inventory that was actually too clean and certainly lost some sales as a by-product of that. There were many key items where we didn't buy deep enough. We ran out before the holiday season. We had very little clearance inventory in January. And while that was a benefit to our gross margin during the period, we certainly lost some sales because of that. And our teams are actively engaged in making sure that we learn from that as we plan for the holiday of 2020. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Ed, actually, as we sit here today, I think we're reminded just how important stores are to our guests during a time like this. And we've certainly seen a surge in store traffic as guests begin to stock up on those household essentials and those core food and beverage items. So it's been a reminder to all of us that stores are critically important to our guests. It's where the majority of U.S. shopping still takes place. And while our same-day fulfillment options are growing in popularity, our guests still respond to our stores first and foremost. So that's certainly what we've seen recently, and I think you're seeing that across the retail sector. But it is a reminder that our multi-category portfolio is very important during times like this, and our stores play a really important role to meet the needs of today's guests during uncertain times. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. So Paul, I'll come back to kind of 2 other highlights as we think about the year and I think about even the fourth quarter. While we were disappointed with our comp sales in the fourth quarter, only growing by 1.5%, we were able to take market share across many categories. But importantly, because of the work that we've done in-store, the disciplined approach we've taken in our supply chain, our ability to manage category mix and the fact that on a comp growth of 1.5%, we grew operating income by 7.3%, EPS up over 10%, is something that I think our team is very proud of.  And I would end by going back to the team. And for several years now, I think our team has demonstrated that we have built a sustainable, durable financial model that -- one that's going to perform continuously over time. And I feel terrific about the talent we have at Target, the diversity of our team, the leadership that we have in place right now. And obviously, at the end of the day, it always comes down to people. And this is a fabulous team that I think is prepared to face any of the challenges in front of us but puts the guest first, is thinking about what's right for our business, right for our shareholders. And I think that's one of the things that we all feel really good about as we go into 2020. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Greg, I'll start. And as I think about where we ended up and the choices we made, it's not about changing our incentive structure. Our incentive structure is really well connected to the overall financial objectives of this company. Next year and actually throughout the year, you're going to see us focus on fewer items in a much bolder way to make sure we're delivering a great experience for our guests. But you'll see us curate even tighter as we go into 2020, make sure that we stand behind those key items that we know are on trend, that are going to drive demand, that are going to delight our guests and bring them joy when they're shopping our stores or shopping online.  So it's not about changing an incentive structure. It's about saying, all right, here's items we're going to stand for. We're going to make sure we're bold and deep as we make those buys. And we're going to make sure that they're the right items that deliver upon our brand promise and make sure that we're delivering both a great experience and great quality and style and terrific value throughout the year. 
Brian Cornell: All right. So with that, we're going to wrap up our session today. Again, we appreciate your flexibility. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you throughout the year.
John Mulligan: Just 6 months in, this new model has shown tangible proof in guest satisfaction. During our busiest time, the Net Promoter Score for our Black Friday experience rose 12 points over last year because our team was staffed and trained to help guests find products and check out quickly. Led by our new Chief Stores Officer, Mark Schindele, a 20-year veteran leader across operations, our teams will always be refining what a truly guest-focused service model looks like. They'll bring even more joy to our guests while streamlining how we keep shelves stocked and backrooms organized. This new operating model is also how we enable our growing suite of fulfillment services. From Drive-Up to Pickup and delivery from Shipt, our stores are serving up a whole range of options to meet guests however they want to shop and as soon as an hour.  Last year, as you know, we made our same-day options available to millions more guests. We took Drive-Up even further, now in 1,750 stores across the country. And this year, we'll turn it on at many small-format stores with parking lots to make shopping even easier for local guests. Remarkably, even as Drive-Up grew more than 500%, sales from our more mature order pickup services rose nearly 50%. And 1/3 of the time, those pickup guests made additional purchases when they came inside.  We also continue to grow Shipt same-day delivery offering with 2.5x the sales from the year before. And we integrated the delivery option into our Target.com checkout. Now guests can use their REDcard to get 5% off and pay per order if they don't have an annual membership. Outside of Target, Shipt continues to establish itself as a leader in the delivery space. It's steadily growing its membership and broadening its marketplace of regional and national retailers, which now include Petco and CVS. Shipt's momentum shows the growing consumer demand for fulfillment in minutes, not days. At Target sales fulfilled by our same-day options grew more than 90% last year, far outpacing the demand for shipping and drove the majority of our digital growth. And because all of our same-day services have better economics than 2-day shipping, our average fulfillment cost per unit has come down nearly 25% over the past year. And that's played an important role in our margin performance.  The engine behind our same-day operation is no doubt our stores and the more than 300,000 people running them to serve our guests every single day. There's no one else who will run an order out to your car in less than 2 minutes and throw in a Good & Gather sample just to say thanks. And our guests are loving our same-day options because they make an extra Target Run that much easier. Take a look.  [Presentation] 
John Mulligan: The solution you just saw is about organizing what goes into every box. We've designed it to sync up with the systems we showed you last year from our Perth Amboy facility, which is about organizing those boxes, sorting them by store and then sequencing them on the truck for easy unloading. When those 2 solutions work together, we'll revolutionize how our store teams receive inventory and get the products our guests want on the shelf as quickly as possible. By summer, we'll use the robotics to send presorted units to hundreds of our stores. And we'll take the box sort and sequence operation to another facility where the 2 systems can work together in service of our stores before we expand it further across our network.  This year, all of our supply chain investments: the systems, robotics and processes that make each individual part of our operation better, will start working together, and our stores will really start to feel the impact. Inventory positioning will be even more precise. Replenishment will be even faster. Our backroom inventory levels will keep declining, and out-of-stocks will continue to improve.  We've spent the last several years building capabilities that would support a strategy to put our stores at the center of how we serve our guests. We said physical was the answer to digital and knew it wouldn't be easy for others to imagine. We'd have to put up the points to prove our case. This year, we showed quarter-after-quarter how our stores are driving growth, profitable growth for our business. We still have a lot of work in front of us, but the foundation is set. From here, we'll use our capabilities to keep building an experience that sets us apart from the pack, and it'll be our stores, powered by our supply chain and brought to life by our team, that sits at the heart of the fastest and easiest Target Run yet. 
John Mulligan: Sure. On Drive-Up, I think the big changes you're going to see this year, we talked about, we want to add fresh or temperature-controlled products. That is -- it is the #1 request from our guests, to add a little bit a selective portion of our assortment there so that they can round out their Drive-Up trip. You'll also see us add adult beverage. That is also a request directly from our guests as we continue to get feedback on that.  I would say directly on the automation, our -- we may be going in a little bit different direction than some others. I think -- we think the store experience is based on interactions with our team member. And we think the differentiation, much like we see with Shipt, is the opportunity to provide that human connection between our team and the guest. From our perspective, the value of the automation today is upstream. And so we look to take work out of the store, consolidate it upstream and then working with our distribution teams to automate some of that to make it more efficient. And the goal there is to free our teams up in-store to interact with our guests and, again, provide that human connection and that includes as it relates to Drive-Up. And so that's the direction we've gone, as you know, for many years, and we'll continue to work against that. 
John Mulligan: Yes. I think, first, I'd say there is a sequencing thing here, right? We continue to see IPC scale, our inventory planning and control, the -- where we put the inventory. As we said, we'll scale automation, the -- [ each is ] automation to about 1/4 of the stores this year. And then late this year, we'll bring -- start to bring the Perth Amboy automation together with that to get the totality of what we've been building over several years together. Our focus, like I said, has been to consolidate that work, pull it out of the stores and then use automation to improve how we do it upstream.  So I think the biggest impact you'll see, from a gross margin perspective, relates more to continuing to reduce out-of-stocks to get our -- one, improve the guest experience; but two, capture those sales and improve gross margin dollars. So I think that's by far the largest improvement.  The other place where we continue to have opportunity is exactly what Brian just said. As we continue to grow same-day fulfillment, that has a positive impact or it lessens the negative impact, if you will, of continuing to grow our digital business. 
John Mulligan: Sure. Like we've said, Peter, the aggregate for Q4 and where we're running right now is about 80% of the fulfillment we do is done by the stores. If you take away the same-day portion, all of the rest of that is shipped from store. The remainder of that is our FCs, which is probably, depending on the day, in the 12% to 15% range, and then direct vendor ship is very, very small. I mean we prefer that because the service there isn't typically at our standards. But I think overall, you'll continue to see us operate in that 80% range. And as the same-day fulfillment grows, the ship from store will come down a little bit or not grow as fast really. It will continue to grow, just not grow as fast. But the stores overall, continuing that. We think that 80% range is right where we want to be. 
John Mulligan: Sure. Professor is probably a strong word to describe me. I think we've been testing this in the Twin Cities with team members for a few months now, several months. I think like I said, the guest feedback broadly is that they want to add a few more items to their Drive-Up basket, something like milk, eggs, whatever, bread, whatever the kind of staples are that they need or bananas. And so we feel good that that will be -- this will ultimately be adding a few more items to what is already a Drive-Up order. And from that perspective, we think ultimately, we'll get to a good place on the economics.  Clearly, we have work to do to scale the business, to work through the operating -- operations for the stores. We want to ensure that we have the chill chain wired and all of that. And I think that's where you'll see us make sure we can do it at scale. We've done the operating tests with our team members, so we understand how it should work. But then we want to get to a place where as that demand grows, as we introduce it, which we've seen with every one of the things we've introduced from a fulfillment capability perspective, the demand grows relatively rapidly, and we want to be sure we're built for it.  The final piece that perhaps changes the cadence a little bit is we do need to go back in and ensure we have capacity in the store to handle the temperature-controlled. The one thing we will not trade on is the speed and efficiency with which Drive-Up occurs today. A 2- to 3-minute promise is incredibly important. We think it's a -- we know it's a differentiator in the marketplace. And so ensuring that we have frozen and refrigerated capacity close to the front of the store so that our team members can continue to deliver on that pace requires some buildout. And so you'll see us work through that as well. Put all that together, us wanting to learn, some buildout time, and that's why we get to the scaling that we're talking about for this year. 
John Mulligan: Well, you had a good list there. I think from my perspective, the 2 things I'd say from an operations perspective, one, Brian hit right on it, the way same-day -- really the guest acceptance there and the guest preference there for same-day, we certainly plan for that to grow meaningfully this year. That exceeded our expectations. And so I think that is something we will continue. As we said, build out next year, improve Drive-Up, add different categories to Drive-Up, I think, is a huge opportunity for us. And then continuing to grow Shipt both inside Target and outside Target, we think, is an opportunity.  The other highlight I would say that we haven't talked a lot about today, but the work of the stores teams and delivering the great store experience they did while we changed entirely their operating model and, as I said earlier, 300,000 team members basically all getting new job descriptions across the company; and the way they handled that change, the great job the leaders did to lead through that and, as I said, while continuing to provide a great in-store experience, one is it's a highlight for me for 2019, but it is a huge opportunity for 2020 and beyond because we're just getting started there, right? Everyone's learned their jobs. And now we have the opportunity to really improve that operating model, improve how we work with our guests and serve their needs in the store. And I think that's a great, great opportunity for us in 2020. 
John Mulligan: And the other thing I'd add, Greg, I don't think this was our merchant teams, our planning teams, IM teams, inventory management teams lacking conviction. I think we finished the year before a little bit heavy. The teams looked at a calendar with 6 less days of sales in front of them and perhaps took a -- well, we did take a conservative approach, and we perhaps went a little bit further. And I think, like Brian said, we recognize where we have some opportunity, and already adjustments are in place. So we feel good about the -- of that resolving itself. 
John Mulligan: Yes. I think -- as I think Michael described it well in his remarks, right, digital is always going to be dilutive to rate. But from our perspective, digital is really important because as we talked about, particularly with those same-day sales, we see a lot of incrementality. We see 25% incrementality when someone brings Drive-Up into how they engage with Target. We see 100% of their Shipt sales being incremental. So these are individuals becoming more engaged with Target and that with respect to Drive-Up, as we give them the opportunity to buy a larger assortment, again, what we hear from our guests consistently is, "I want to do what I want to do. But hey, by the way, can I throw 1 or 2 more things into that basket?" And so from that perspective, we feel good about getting to a good economic place with those transactions.  And so there's much for us to learn here as -- we aren't even really doing this for guests yet in Minneapolis or we may have just started in the past week or 1.5 weeks. So there's a lot for us to learn there, but we feel really good and we feel really good especially given that consumers clearly are moving very quickly to same-day. And those economics are very beneficial to us. So we feel good about the direction, and more for us to come back and talk to you guys about as we learn more about Drive-Up. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. Thanks, Oliver. On the promotion front, I think you'll see us continue to make sure we've got that right balance of great promotion and strong everyday price. And there are certain times of the year where we lean in more into promotion appropriately. But I think you'll see us consistent in trying to balance both of those, promotion and everyday price, in the right way.  I also might add, that's why I get excited about a program like Circle. That gives us a great foundation to even personalize greater -- to a greater degree of fidelity the right promotion to the right guest. And so the launch of Circle in October gives us another arrow in our quiver when it comes to getting the right promotions in front of guests. 
Michael Fiddelke: So I'll start with some of the Q4 margin piece of that, Michael. The 2 things I would call out in Q4 that really helped us on the margin side, we are really proud of the profit performance we were able to deliver in Q4. And it came in part from some of the categories where we really saw strength. Apparel grew strong and gained share, and that's always beneficial to the gross margin side, both the gross margin naturally in that business, and then we ended the season really clean. And that saves us clearance markdowns on the back end. The second callout is actually the second part of your question. The same-day service growth is healthy for our profit. Compared to shipping a box long distances, those same-day services are way closer to the economics of an in-store sale. And that's helpful on the bottom line, too. 
Michael Fiddelke: And the only thing I'd add, Joe, on the cost side, if you think about doing this in the context of a store remodel where we tear up a fair bit of the store through the course of that remodel, the marginal capital here is relatively modest and certainly far better than doing it on its own and going into the store and just doing this part of the store. So as Brian said, we'll bring it into the remodel program. The early testing certainly shows that there is a payback to doing so. And so we feel good about that. And as Brian said, we'll get into a few more stores and a couple of hundred stores and really have a good idea of what it brings. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. I would just add, that's the age-old balancing act of retail. And so 2 years ago, we were much heavier than we wanted to be during and coming out of the season. This year, a little light. Next year, I feel good that we've got the plans to split the middle. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes, sure. As I shared in my remarks, we've kind of been tracking toward a dividend payout ratio of 40%. As we get to that mark, you could expect us to increase dividends at a more aggressive pace going forward. Something in the mid-single-digit range for this year in total is probably about right. In the long run, holding that ratio would imply dividends per share growing at a similar rate as earnings per share. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. Kind of to Brian's comments earlier, we're really focused on curating the right sellers to complement what we already sell in-store and online. And we feel like that's an additive benefit to the guest experience and assortment choice in total. 
Michael Fiddelke: Sure, I can take that. Our overall expectations for the level of continued investment in the business are actually about the same. I think what you're seeing are some puts and takes by year as we've refined our expectation on the specific timing of certain projects. For example, the timing of when we bring a distribution center online can move around a year versus what we thought before, and we're continually revising those out-year plans. We'll be about $0.5 billion light of where we thought we'd be in 2019. 2020 is unchanged at $3.5 billion. 2021 is a little higher based on the retiming of some of those projects but $3 million to $3.5 billion. And the out years are still at $3 billion or just a shade less. 
Michael Fiddelke: You guys have covered a lot of ground. I'll try to add to it. In 2019, if you step back and look at that year compared to our long-term algorithm, low single-digit comp growth, mid-single-digit operating income growth, high single-digit EPS growth, it was a year that exceeded that algorithm meaningfully. And our ability to translate top line strength into bottom line profit is a real standout for me. And then the capper is to see ROIC at 16%. Back to the investment question and CapEx question earlier, we've got a balance sheet that we've built intentionally to afford ourselves the capacity to invest in growth. And to see those investments pay off with strong ROIC performance is always good from the chair I sit in.  In terms of opportunities, a little bit more inventory at the end of the year would have been nice. We've touched on that already. And then as I think about 2020, I'd go back to the multi-category model both in the -- through the lens of strengths and opportunities. I think we've really shown over time that model affords us the ability to lean in and be aggressive and take share across a number of categories when the opportunity presents itself. And when I think about risks, it's the stuff that we can't see coming as we sit here today that's probably going to be what we're talking about as the year progresses. But the benefit of a multi-category model is it buys us a lot of diversification of that risk. And our ability to flex within that model to overcome whatever is thrown at us is really strong. 
