Catherine Smith: Greg, I'll start. We did see -- obviously, we had a very strong February and March and felt really great around our performance in Easter. We saw that we took share in Apparel in Easter, and so we're really good there but we did see a slowdown in April. A lot of it, though, is that ad shift that we were seeing. So that's part of what we're seeing with regards to April. But we did see slowdown throughout the course of April. 
Catherine Smith: Yes, so we did talk about gross margin. We expect gross margin to be 40 basis points at the midpoint. And we still expect a promotional environment, and we're planning for that. 
Catherine Smith: Yes, we were as promotional as necessary. We drove as we shared a 4% comp in our signature categories, which are the areas that tend to be more promotional. So we feel very good about our promotional cadence, continue to work on being more and more effective, but still have a long way to go there. So I wouldn't say that we saved any on promotions. In particular, we were as promotional as we thought was appropriate. And it showed up in our comp. 
Catherine Smith: I thought I had said gross margin. We really -- I meant 40 basis points on EBITDA. So we should see actually a slight uptick in gross margin, a slight -- a downtick in SG&A and then EBITDA was the 40 basis points. So thanks for asking that for clarification. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. The team did a great job of managing expenses in the first quarter, and we'll continue to do that. And yes, it was down year-over-year. We'll continue to manage our expenses. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. So we obviously have insight into where May is at today. And then we've got Memorial Day coming. We've got great plans around -- leading into Memorial Day and have every confidence we're going to -- that we're going to have guests come to Target whether in our stores or online. And then we -- summer and warmer weather will come. And so we have an expectation that the trend we see today doesn't change overnight, but it does improve throughout the quarter because we've got some really great plans to deliver for our guests. And then also in the latter part of this quarter, we have Cat & Jack launching. And we're very excited about Cat & Jack launching before Back-to-School season. And we expect that to be a leading Target only brand that will be $1 billion brand in time. 
Brian Cornell: And Greg, let me provide some color as far as the geographic volatility, and I'm going to be really transparent with some of the examples. And as we looked at business in April and again in the start of May, we've seen a significant performance difference between our West Coast markets, and particularly, our Northeast markets and significant variability where we've seen some very positive growth performance across our entire portfolio in Los Angeles, in San Francisco and many of our core West Coast markets, offset by significant slowness in the Northeast, in Boston, in New York, in Philadelphia, in D.C. In given categories, we've seen dramatic performance differences. In the ready-to-wear category, on the West Coast and in parts of the Midwest where we've seen an earlier spring, we're seeing double-digit growth in ready-to-wear, offset by fairly significant declines in the Northeast. We had a review with our team yesterday. We looked at categories like fans. We have markets that are up 20%, and markets that are down 90%. So we're seeing volatility driven by certainly climate, but I think a number of other factors that we're certainly analyzing. Cathy talked about an earlier Easter. We've certainly looked at weather patterns. We recognize that year-on-year, fuel prices have increased. And our guess is the consumer is spending more than they did a year ago at the pump. And we certainly recognize that within overall categories, today's consumer, our guest, is reinvesting in their homes. They're spending money on home improvement. We've seen that in our Home category, which was up 4% in the first quarter. So a lot of volatility, and it's both geographic and within category mixes. 
Brian Cornell: Yes, and Greg, I think under the circumstances as we've looked at our competitors' reports, we recognize there's significant inventory in the marketplace. We expect the second quarter to continue to be very promotional. And that's factored into our guidance for the second quarter. 
Brian Cornell: Sure. Oliver, let me address the trips, and we talked about it in the prepared comments. We continue to see very strong performance in what we'll describe as that stock-up trip where, as a company, we performed very well throughout 2015 and again in the first quarter of '16. Where we have seen some trip erosion is with a guest who is coming in for that fill-in trip. So as we think about actions we're taking in our business right now, we want to continue to make sure we're serving the guest who's looking for that stock-up item, that stock-up trip. And we're going to be even more focused as we manage through the quarter and the balance of the year to make sure we're winning and driving more fill-in trips. So you'll see us enhance and change both our promotional calendar, our in-store presentation of more fill-in items to make sure that we're doing both, continuing to win with a guest who's shopping Target for that stock-up occasion, but also making sure we're capturing more of that fill-in trip throughout the quarter. So those are actions that we're taking right now. The team's working on making adjustments in our promotional cadence and presentation to make sure that we're doing both. We're continuing to win with the stock-up shopper, but we're also capturing more share of wallet with that fill-in guest. From a promotional standpoint, we would expect to see most of the intensity in the Apparel space, where we certainly recognize that many of our competitors are sitting on high levels of inventory. We've got to be prepared for continued promotional intensity in that space. And I think we're well positioned, as both Cathy and John have noted, to manage through that throughout the quarter. 
Brian Cornell: Well, I think, Oliver, the one thing that we continue to see and we've embraced as an organization is whether our guest is shopping in store or online, it starts digitally. So we continue to make sure we're investing in our digital assets to make sure we're providing the ease and convenience for our guests whether they're in-store or shopping online. It's why we've made such a commitment, as John talked about, to enhancing our order online, pick up in store capabilities. It's why we've elevated our focus on making sure that we provide an easy shopping experience for our guests online. We continue to build out those capabilities. So we recognize that even as we look at the start of 2016, the majority of the retail business in the United States continues to be done in stores, but it starts online. So we've got to have great digital capabilities to make sure when our guest is shopping Target, no matter how they shop, we make it a convenient, easy experience, so that has not changed dramatically. And one of the numbers that we feel best about in the first quarter is the fact that on top of a very strong 38% growth in the first quarter of 2015, we grew our digital sales by 23%. So we're continuing to connect with that guest that wants to shop Target online, and we'll continue to invest and build our capabilities in that space. 
Brian Cornell: Well, Joe, in some ways, you're looking inside of our current playbook. And certainly, as we think about winning more trips with that fill-in guest, Cartwheel plays an incredibly important role. And we'll continue to make sure that we activate Cartwheel to drive those trips and meet that guest's need. One of the things that we're certainly recognizing as we look at 2016 shopping patterns is there is a consumer and a guest who continues to look for value. And that value's expressed in more fill-in trips, buying smaller packs, smaller baskets. So again, it's not a shift in our strategy, it's a recognition that we have to do both. We have to continue to delight the guests when they come to Target for that big stock-up occasion, and we have to have the right assortment, the right value, the right presentation for that guest who's coming to us for the fill-in trip. So Cartwheel plays a very important role in that. And as we think about adjustments and modifications we're making to our plans, Cartwheel plays a very important role in driving more trips back to our stores, and certainly meeting the needs of our guests who's coming to us for that fill-in occasion. 
Brian Cornell: Joe, it was a significant disruption. You know our stores. You know the layout. And for all of our center store dry grocery items, we moved every one of those aisles in all of our stores. So significant disruption for the guest. Short term, it certainly has an impact on our performance in Grocery and Food. But as we've made the changes, the response we're seeing from the guests is very encouraging. They're recognizing the new assortment, the new brands, more local items, the fact that we have more organic and gluten-free items on our shelves. And in many of these categories like the significant change we made in bars, we're seeing very strong sales results coming out of the reset. So it was an investment we had to make in both labor and in disruption to make sure we continue to move forward in the reinvention of Food. So short term, it had a meaningful impact on our Food sales, but we certainly expect to see the recovery over the balance of this year as we provide a more relevant assortment to our Target Grocery shopper. 
Brian Cornell: And Chris, I'd only add that as we look at individual category performance, we felt like we were very competitive in categories like Apparel, where as we look at the NPD data, we look at the market share results, we were one of the big market share winners in the first quarter. And clearly in Apparel, we picked up market share the 2 weeks leading up to Easter, during the Easter week and the week following. So our assortment, our presentation, our promotions certainly connected with the guest. And in important signature categories, we continue to advance market share. But we feel particularly good in a tough apparel environment that we posted positive comps, we grew market share. And importantly, we grew market share before, during and after the important Easter holiday, which is a critically important holiday for the Apparel category. 
Brian Cornell: Bob, it does, and obviously, it's been a question that we've asked ourselves. And as Cathy and John have both mentioned, we feel very good about the progress we're making from a strategic standpoint. We talked multiple times now. Certainly, we talked to most of you on the call during our March Investor Day, our continued focus on building out our digital capabilities. We're making very good progress there. We think those are going to be essential to our future. We feel very good about the progress we're making on signature categories, where we continue to build market share and drive differentiation. We're very excited about the early results of Pillowfort and feel as if when we launch our new Cat & Jack brand for Kids, that is going to be another potential $1 billion brand in our portfolio. So great progress from a category role and signature category standpoint. As John mentioned during his remarks, our flex formats continue to be very well received as we move into new urban markets. We're excited about our TriBeCa store that we'll open up in October. But we've been excited about every one of these new flex formats, and they've been well received in both urban and college markets. We continue to think we've got significant opportunities in localization and the work we've done in Chicago. And now, Los Angeles just continues to confirm that. So our strategy continues to perform well. John and the team continue to enhance our store and supply chain capabilities to continue to meet the needs of our guests. So as we sit here today, there's no significant change in our strategy. But tactically, we recognize the consumer environment is tougher. We've got to make sure we're delivering the right value, we're winning with both the stock-up and the fill-in trip. We're making sure that we have the right experience for our guests, whether shopping in-store and online. And we don't see any structural change in the consumer environment. We think this is a short-term bump in the road, but we think we're well positioned. And everything we see from a GDP and consumer confidence standpoint gives us the confidence that this is going to be a short-term impact. And we're going to see very solid results in both the third and fourth quarter and keep us on our long-term guidance track. 
Brian Cornell: Yes, Scott, it took place right after Easter during the month of April. So a major effort inside of our stores. We touched, as I mentioned earlier, all of those center store grocery aisles. We added a number of new items over 1,000. We brought new brands into those categories, and we had expanded our Simply Balanced line. So all that took place, and it was very disruptive, and we planned for it in April. We now have the work behind us, and I'm very excited about the feedback we're receiving and the responses we're seeing in many of these categories, and certainly expect that we'll see those businesses accelerate now that we have more relevant assortment. And we've significantly increased the representation of organic and natural and gluten-free and local items in those aisles. 
Brian Cornell: Yes, I think that's largely the case, Scott. Again as I said earlier -- and I want to make sure we're really transparent about this with examples. We've seen very slow sales performance in the Northeast, and we had the same presentation. We had the same ads. We had the same value. We had the same great in-store experience. But on a day-in, day-out basis, we're getting very different outcomes. So on one hand, it gives me confidence to say what we're doing is working because it's working in many parts of the country. But we have isolated geographies, where whether it's late spring, whether it's a change in short-term consumer behavior, we're not seeing the same results, but we're delivering the same great content. So I expect the Northeast to recover. I think spring will arrive there, and I think when the guest is out shopping, they'll continue to choose Target. And we'll continue to provide them a great in-store and online experience, but we are seeing very significant geographic volatility unlike anything I've seen in many, many years. 
Brian Cornell: Scott, you're spot on. It's much more about consumables, household essentials. And to be very clear, it's probably less about promotional intensity, but ensuring that we are promoting and presenting the right items, particularly at the back end of the month when the consumer and our guest is more likely to look for single unit items, more items that have value. So we're going to make sure we're making the tactical adjustments to what we advertise, what we present in-store and making sure that we're winning both with the stock-up guests, but also with the guests who's looking for value and looking for smaller, single-unit packs at the right value. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. So I'm smiling, and I may turn this over to John, but we've all actually visited our Bixby store in Long Beach over the last few weeks. The store really captures the best of Target in a smaller, 30,000 square foot environment and very positive reaction from the guests. So as we think about future flex formats, that is a model that we're excited about, a model that certainly seems to be connecting with the guests. And you should expect to see more of those as we go forward. But let me hand it over to John, who's been intimately involved in the rollout of flex formats, and specifically, the work we're doing in Long Beach. 
Brian Cornell: Just to finish up on that, Scott, I think the Long Beach store that you visited is a great example that really shows how we're approaching each of these initiatives. We are testing, we're learning. We're refining. The team's getting better and better at layout and assortment. And you've seen that when you walk the Long Beach location. And the feedback that we've received from the guest is even in a smaller box, it feels like Target. And it feels like the best of Target. The work that the team's done in the center of that store to merchandise our soft lines is really outstanding. We're getting great feedback around our Food presentation in that store. We've got the right Home assortment. So we're tailoring that for the local market, but it's example of the fact that we've been disciplined. We're not sprinting. We're making sure that we're really thoughtful. We're learning, we're adjusting. And you're seeing each of the new flex formats get better and better in layout, assortment and tailoring to meet the local market. So we are very excited about it, and we'll continue to take that learning and build it in the new flex formats that we'll be opening up over the balance of this year and into next year. 
Brian Cornell: Well, John, as you might imagine, we're spending a lot of time and have spent a lot of time as a team looking at performance from a number of different vantage points, both internally, but also certainly incorporating external data. So certainly, it was a earlier Easter. We recognize the impact of that. Certainly, weather in many major markets has been a factor. It's not an excuse. We've got to figure out how we perform under any circumstances. We know as the guests and our consumer has moved through the course of 2016, prices at the pump, fuel prices have risen, and that's certainly an impact. And then when we look at a macro basis on overall spending, we certainly recognize that consumers are spending more on travel, on leisure activities. They've been investing in their homes, as I mentioned before. But there's no structural change that gives us pause and has us changing our strategy, altering our outlook for the full year. We think we're continuing to improve our digital capabilities. I think our store experience is improving each and every week. The response we're getting from the guest based on changes we've made in Apparel and Home and recently in Food are very encouraging. As John mentioned, our flex format's performing quite well. So we feel confident that the content we have in place, the plans we have for the second half of the year, some of the enhancements we've made from a branding and in-store and online standpoint are going to continue to deliver solid results. So we see this as a momentary speed bump, but we see no reason to alter our strategy. These are tactical adjustments we have to make. And market by market, we've got to make sure we're well positioned to compete going forward. 
Brian Cornell: So Chris, thanks for your question. And I really appreciate everyone who called in today. We tried to make sure we allotted significant time for your questions. Hopefully we had a chance to answer your questions, address some of your concerns. So that will conclude our quarter. I appreciate your time today, and thank you for dialing in. 
