Brian Cornell: Thanks, Michael. Before we turn to your questions, I want to spend a minute on a concept we've touched on before, which is the way we uniquely leverage the power of hand in our business. The recent Target is so unique, and why we've developed such a special bond with consumers is because we offer something different than everyone else in the marketplace. We offer great prices, convenience, compelling promotions and a great shopping experience. Our nearly 2,000 stores are accessible to the vast majority of the US population, and we have a comprehensive suite of fast and convenient digital fulfillment options. For a destination in discretionary categories like Apparel, Home and Hardlines; in frequency categories, like Essentials and Food & Beverage 'and in Beauty, which perfectly straddles both, we offer a broad range of items, serve as a convenient one-stop shop and we're well known for curating our merchandise assortment. We are a style leader. We're known for celebrating seasonal moments and we offer reliability on everyday wants and needs. When we're at our best, we achieve a proper balance between all of those aspects or go-to-market strategy, and the second quarter was a textbook example of Target being Target. I'm incredibly proud of our team for delivering better-than-expected results in an environment where consumers are facing multiple challenges. Knowing there's more work to be done, our team is on their front foot and ready to deliver more for our guests in the third quarter and beyond. Our team's positive energy is contagious, and I look forward to working with them as they continue to move Target forward in the quarters and years ahead. So with that, we'll move to Q&A. Rick, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions.
Brian Cornell: Kate, just to build on Michael's comments. I think in this environment, where there is so much consumer uncertainty, we're taking the appropriate approach to guidance in the third quarter. But as you heard from Rick and from Michael, we're continuing to play to win, and we feel very good about how we're prepared for the big seasonal moments. We're in back-to-school right now and back to college. We're excited about Halloween. And Rick and his team are planning for some unique moments during the holiday season. So I don't want anyone to be confused with what we think is the appropriate outlook for the third quarter, but the fact that we're going to continue to play offense. We're going to look to drive traffic into our stores and visit to our site, and make sure we deliver great value along with newness for our guests throughout the season.
Brian Cornell: Rupesh, I’d just amplify a couple of the comments that you've heard us make over the last few quarters and really recognize the focus the team's placed on retail fundamentals. Michael talked about the progress in reliability, improving our in-stocks. Rick's talked about the improvement in value and the commitments we've made to making sure we provide value to our guests, no matter where they're shopping and how they're shopping. And I think that focus on controlling the things we can control is really helping us improve our operating margin performance. But the team has been very focused on retail fundamentals, execution each and every day both from a physical standpoint and a digital standpoint. And I think you're seeing the benefits of that pay off.
Brian Cornell: Chris, I think you've covered many of the things we look at on an ongoing basis. And I think we factored all those different variables into our outlook for the period and the quarter.
Brian Cornell: Simeon, as we sit here today, obviously, we're in the heart of back-to-school season, kind of the early chapters of back to college. And as Rick talked about, excited about the upcoming Halloween season. I think as we sit here today, we feel well prepared for those big seasonal moments, and we'll continue to make sure we lean in with a great physical and digital experience.
Brian Cornell: I think we sit here today, we feel really good about the way the consumers reacted to the price investments we've made on those 5,000 frequently purchased items, but it really goes beyond those investments. If you're a Target Circle member, you're getting personalized offers every time you shop. If you're using a Target Circle card, you have the opportunity for that 5% discount. If you're taking advantage of the amazing value we provide through our own brands, that's just one more way to find value when you're shopping with Target. So, it's really a bundle of all those things that we do each and every day to strengthen the relationship we have with the guests and provide them with the value they're looking for in this economic environment.
Brian Cornell: Robby, you've got three or four questions there. I'm going to let Michael start, and I'll pick it up from there.
Brian Cornell: Robby, just to clarify a couple of points. From a base Circle program standpoint, we did note that while we start with a base of over 100 million members, during the July Circle Week, we saw 2 million new members join the brand. You talked about Drive Up and Target Circle 360. And Drive Up has been a very sticky service for us and just continues to grow. And during the second quarter, we saw a Drive Up grow over 14%, and a nice acceleration in Target Circle 360 same-day delivery of almost 14%. So, we see tremendous opportunity to continue to expand our Target Circle 360 program. But I'd really highlight Drive Up has been a stellar performance for us for many years now and just continues to grow. It was a $2 billion business for us in the second quarter. And I think, Michael, year-to-date is almost $4 billion. So it's been a really important service that we know our guest appreciates. But to Michael's point, we know they're a Drive Up user, they're going to spend time in a Target store, and we really like that combination.
Brian Cornell: Ed, I'm going to let Rick talk about some of the trends we're seeing in discretionary categories. He talked about the strength in Apparel and some of those subsets within Apparel, but we're also seeing green shoots in other areas. And we certainly think that over time in categories like Home, led by Kitchen, as these purchase cycles become ones that need to be replaced, you're going to see some strength in those categories. But Rick, why don't you walk through some of the trends you're seeing in discretionary categories.
Brian Cornell: And I'll give you one of my favorite examples from earlier this year, and it's a collaboration we had with our partners at Authentic Brands, leveraging the Prince brand. And while that brand has been known for tenants throughout the years, we brought the Prince category and the Prince brand into pickleball, with great new apparel, accessories and rackets. And we've created a destination and target for all things pickleball. We know families across the country are enjoying that sport. It fits very nicely with our all-family position. And it's just one more example of when Target is Target. When we bring great design that's on trend at a great value, we see the guests reacting really positively. So you'll see Rick and his team continue to make sure that we're bringing that combination of design and on trend, great value, great newness into those categories to continue to spark greater demand. Operator, we have time for one final question today.
Brian Cornell: Operator, that concludes our second quarter conference call. I appreciate everyone joining us, and we look forward to talking to you again soon.
Michael Fiddelke: Thanks for the question, Kate. I think the headline is at the start of your question, we see a consumer that's largely consistent with how we would have described the consumer over the last couple of quarters. Consumer that's been resilient overall in their spending and flat in spite of significant inflation over the last couple of years, a consumer that's choiceful. And so our combination of getting newness and value right in the second quarter led to the performance that was at the top end of our expectations. As we look at the balance of the year, we've got more of the year in front of us than is behind us, and we think it's prudent to take a measured review against the kind of consumer behaviors we'll be watching over the balance of the year. But importantly, that guidance is still centered on growth. We expect to continue to grow in Q3. We expect to have a growth story for the year. And you can see us playing offense appropriately against that goal, but being measured in our outlook. We think that's the right way to position the business.
Michael Fiddelke: Yeah, thanks for the question, Rupesh. As we laid out at the start of the year, this year was going to be about progress to that better margin performance over time, and two quarters in, I just can't thank the team enough for their work to put us solidly on the path of the improvement that we laid out for the year. If you unpacked the quarter, I hit on some of this in my remarks, but it always starts with the top line. So, to grow the top line at a 2% comp, to see a category like apparel, so we like the margins in apparel, to see that category return to growth helped us from a mix perspective. Great work by the team to continue to find efficiency within the business. And we expected a more promotional environment this year. We've certainly seen that so far, but you can see the strength on the margin line due to the team's really hard work to continue to squeeze efficiencies out of the business in ways big and small. And we're pleased with the progress we're making on shrink. Now, there's some noise quarter to quarter about how that will come through. So I tried to unpack some of those details in my prepared remarks. But the net punchline there is we're ahead of where we expected to be in terms of progress on shrink too. So all of that's adding up to an earnings result we're certainly pleased with. And our work going forward will be to continue that momentum in Q3 and Q4.
Michael Fiddelke: Yeah, thanks for the question, Chris. There's a lot that goes into that margin line on any quarter. And so the headlines are some we've touched on a little bit already. We've definitely seen a more promotional environment. But against that backdrop, the teams have worked hard to find efficiencies within the business. And that can show up in ways big and small. To give a tangible example, one of the things that we've continued to see progress with is -- the most expensive thing we do in fulfilling product is shipping a brown box, and we've seen significant improvement in the cost per unit of that activity, as teams have worked to better align inventory with where we see demand. So we have to split shipments frequently. And the core productivity within those processes, big improvements in our stores team, delivering that product more efficiently as we pick and pack in the stores, and so that work adds up. And the teams have been at it for multiple quarters now, and we're seeing it pay off.
Michael Fiddelke: Yeah. Importantly, Robby, I'll kind of take your second point first. We're really pleased with our Circle 360 same-day delivery business, both it and Drive Up grew in the low teens. And so we've seen some acceleration in that business on the heels of our relaunch of Circle, and so we're encouraged by that. And importantly, for both of those services, we've talked about this before, but I think it warrants a reemphasis. The thing we see when people engage with Drive Up and with Circle 360 same-day delivery is they spend meaningfully more at Target in total, and their in-store shopping actually increases after they become users of those services. And so, we continue to watch that relationship closely and growth of those services means growth in our share of wallet with the consumers that use those services. Speaking to Circle more specifically, and I believe your question was focused on Circle card penetration, we see that opportunity over time with the relaunch of Circle to bring some investment back to growing our card business. One of the things that, that relaunch of Circle provides is it brings the core base Circle program, where guests can find incredible value through the personalized offers that they receive every day; with the Circle card program, where you can save an extra 5% if you're a Circle card member; with Circle 360 program, if you want the best of Target brought to your doorstep. And the integration of those programs, we think, provides a good jumping off point over time to continue to reinvigorate the Circle card business, but that's going to be a journey of quarters and years.
