Brian Cornell: Well, thank you, Cathy. So I know we've covered a lot of ground this morning, but I'd like to build on what Cathy just said. Target's been a great American retailer for more than 50 years, but our roots stretch back even further than that. As many of you know, our company started out as Dayton's Dry Goods just around the turn of the last century. That business evolving into a prominent chain of department stores, which led to a string of retail firsts, including the first indoor shopping mall, the first discount mass retailer, and later, the acquisition of Mervyn's and Marshall Field.  You know the story from there. Evolution is in our blood. And out of every period of disruption, our company has always forged ahead into the next era. So when you think about what's in front of us, the seismic shift in consumer behavior that's disrupting our industry, we're doing what we've always done. We're taking the long view, investing to compete, investing to grow. And we have the financial strength and the resources to build a new company, one that's poised to lead, positioned to win in this next generation of retail.  So look ahead 3 years from now. We talked about what we'll deliver: New stores, new formats, more than a dozen new brands, a coast-to-coast smart network [indiscernible] digital capabilities. To our guests, the entire experience will look and feel like a completely new Target.  While many of our competitors are cutting costs and just trying to survive, we're doubling down. We know there'll be meaningful opportunities to capture additional market share now and in the long term, so we're aggressively deploying capital to expand our reach, reimagine our physical stores and transform our supply chain. We're investing in margin to accelerate and unlock even greater digital growth. We're investing in price to ensure we're competitive across our assortment every day, both online and in-store. And we're investing in speed to move faster than we ever have before.  This is the plan that will produce the Target of the future. This is the plan that puts Target back on the path to profitable growth. This is the plan that will create shareholder value and deliver guest love and loyalty for many, many years to come.  So I want to close by thanking you for joining us this morning. And now I'm going to invite John and Cathy as well as Mark Tritton, our Chief Merchant; and Mike McNamara, our Chief Digital and Information Officer, to join me on stage so we can spend time taking your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Chris, let me talk about the pricing investments we're making. And I think as most of you know, coming out of the data breach, we invested heavily in promotions. As we go forward, we're going back to our roots and reestablishing our everyday low price commitment. So that's going to take some time. It's starting today. We're going to make sure that we re-establish our value with the guest. So there's an investment we have to make. And we also recognize we have to continue to invest in digital to grow that channel, to continue to make sure we're accelerating market share. So you're going to see us invest in 2017. As John talked about, we expect greater efficiencies over time, one, as we continue to optimize our digital performance, but importantly, as we transform our supply chain. But in the short term, we have to compete, we have to invest to make sure we're delivering the value the guest is looking for. We want to make sure we're taking market share both in-store and online. And we think those are 2 very important investments in the near term that provide long-term benefits for the company. 
Brian Cornell: I'll go back to what Cathy talked about just a few minutes ago. We certainly view 2017 as a year of investment. In '18, we'll continue to transition as these different initiatives begin to mature. As we get into '19 and beyond, we certainly expect stability and return to growth. So that's the model we're looking at. We can't lay it out for you quarter-by-quarter. We want to make sure we're properly investing and accelerating these initiatives. And if there's a message I want everyone to walk away with today, these aren't new initiatives. We've been working on these for several years. Now is the time for us to grow faster. And this is about accelerating at the right pace for our business. But whether it's our digital channel, the work John talked about in supply chain, the acceleration of remodeling our existing stores and reimagining that experience, we're opening up these new smaller formats. We've got to step on the accelerator. And as they mature, we're going to return to growth, we're going to capture market share, and we're certainly going to see the benefits that our shareholders are looking for. 
Brian Cornell: Craig it's a great question, and it's embedded in everything we've talked about today. So the reinvestment in our stores, reimagining over the next few years hundreds and hundreds of stores. We've certainly learned in our tests in both Los Angeles and as we've remodeled stores in Texas, that as we bring in new experience, that drives traffic to our stores. As Mark and his team continue to roll out these new proprietary brands that are unique to Target that drives traffic to both our stores and our site. And we've seen that with Cat & Jack. [indiscernible] and our site. As we move into these new urban neighborhoods, it's driving foot traffic every single day. So as we think about how this smart network comes together, brands play an important role, that in-store experience is critically important, being in the right neighborhoods. But then we also know from a digital standpoint, more and more, our guests are ordering online and conveniently coming to our stores to pick up that order. That allows us to really make sure that once they're in our store, they continue to shop. So all of these elements are all about driving traffic to our stores and more visits to our site. And as they mature, that's certainly going to be one of the key metrics that we'll all be tracking. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Cathy, on the store front, just to close that out. And I know we talked about it during our prepared remarks, but our store portfolio is mall-based. We're in some of the centers where most of the retailers are trying to migrate to. So we're very fortunate that over time, we built 1,800 stores that are effectively located. They're in the right neighborhoods. They're not off remotely on interstates. They're not tied to dying malls. So we have an obligation to revitalize some of those stores and reimage those stores. But one of the things that we're most confident about is we have an exceptional store portfolio. So as we invest, as we bring those stores up to the expectation that our guest has for Target, we expect those to drive traffic and continue to flourish in the years to come. 
Brian Cornell: Matt, I'd start out by talking about the last couple of years as being a time of very disciplined capital allocation. We've taken a very surgical approach to some of these initiatives. We remodeled 25 stores in Los Angeles. We've been testing and learning and iterating improving the expectation that the guest has, making sure we deliver against that. Now that we've gotten the feedback, we're ready to accelerate. John talked about we've opened up 32 small formats, not 300. We study each one of those very carefully to make sure we understood how to customize them for the local neighborhoods. Now that we understand the expectation, we're ready to accelerate. From a capital standpoint, we've actually benefited from the fact that Mike's taken a very disciplined approach to setting priorities within technology. And we've seen phenomenal improvement in our platforms, our capabilities at a lower cost. So our approach to capital has been very disciplined. We've been testing and validating and learning. Now that the learning is complete, we're ready to accelerate those investments. But we have been very disciplined. John talked about supply chain. We know the changes that we need to make, but we've been very surgical, very disciplined in putting together that playbook. Now that it's in place, we'll begin to accelerate. So from a capital standpoint, we'll continue to make sure we're very thorough, we test and validate. But once we've completed the learning, we'll be ready to accelerate. And that's what you're seeing as we think about the next 3 years. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Why don't I start, and I'll let Mark talk about some of the progress we've seen on Grocery. And while we didn't spend a lot of time on it today, I want to make sure it's very clear. We're very focused on improving our Grocery performance. But we haven't just been standing still. We made significant progress in procurement, in supply chain, in making sure we've improved our assortment, in making sure, in those tests stores in Los Angeles and Dallas, we understand the changes that need to be made in the in-store experience. We're going to follow that up immediately with the right investment in pricing to make sure we're competitively priced every day in those key categories. So we've got more work to do. We're certainly not satisfied with where we are, but we have been making some progress. And there are some bright spots, Mark that I think you can talk to. 
Brian Cornell: Yes, why don't I start? And I think the proof is in the results we've delivered. Outstanding results, as we've talked about, with the launch of Pillowfort. The same thing's been very true with Cat & Jack. So I think this is an example where we've gotten the value equation right. Great quality, on-trend, at a great value, and the guest response has been terrific. So that's the same approach Mark's going to take with each one of those new brands, making sure we combine great quality, items that are on-trend for the consumer with the right value that drives trips but also make sure the guest recognizes they're getting great value from Target. So coming back to our brand promise: Expect More and Pay Less, those elements have to work hand-in-hand with our new brands going forward. 
Brian Cornell: Cathy, why don't I start by talking about the competitive landscape and let Cathy talk about guidance. But to your point, we certainly see, over the next few years, significant market share opportunities as we see the contraction in our competitive store base. And that's going to be particularly true in the Apparel and Home spaces, where we're strongest. But we also recognize, as you do, as many retailers are closing stores if not exiting the business, the short-term implication is massive promotional discounts, which takes consumers out of the marketplace for a period of time. So over the long haul, this is a growth story we're putting together. We think we're going to see significant market share opportunities across a number of categories. To capture that, we need to make sure we've got the right in-store experience and a very strong and easy digital experience for that guest. But in the near term, you're going to some deep discounting. You're going to see liquidation sales, which takes prices down and take consumer trips out of the marketplace. But over time, we see significant market share opportunities. 
Brian Cornell: So why don't I start about talking by Food, let Mark add some additional color, and then give Mike a chance to talk about our digital approach going forward. And one of the things that we've talked about over the last year as it pertains to Target's Food and beverage offering is the recognition that we don't have a full-service grocery experience. We don't have meat and seafood counters. We don't have deli counters. We don't provide a full assortment of experiences and services that many of our full-line competitors do. But we can offer a great self-service, convenient experience. And that starts with the right quality, the right assortment, the right in-store experience, great value. We've got to make sure we're supplying those products to our guests every single day to make sure the freshness is there. So we're embracing who we are. And we want to make sure that the guest knows, while they're shopping at Target, there's no compromise. We've got to build trust. We've got to make sure that while they're there shopping for their baby, picking up a toy for a Saturday night birthday party, picking up something new to wear for dinner that night, they have confidence in the selection and breadth of food products we offer. So we're being true to who we are and we're not a full-service grocer, we don't have rotisserie ovens in our stores, but we do have the right allocation of space and selection to compete and be that convenient alternative in Food. And we're going to build on that going forward. We're very pleased with the response we've seen in Los Angeles, in Dallas, where we enhance that experience, where we improve the assortment. The reaction, as Mark talked about, to categories like craft beer and wine that fit in very well with the Target guest. So we've got to strengthen that offering, make sure we've got great quality, the right assortment, that we've got the right experience in-store and that we provide the right value the guest is looking for. So we'll continue to build off of that going forward and make sure that while our guest are shopping Target, they're also shopping our food and beverage offering. 
Brian Cornell: Brian, we spent a lot of time as the leadership team looking at different alternatives. There was only one path forward, and that's the path we've chosen. We've got to invest to grow. We've got to reimagine our stores. We've got to enter new neighborhoods as we're doing with these small formats. We've got to transform our supply chain. We have to build out the digital capabilities required in this environment. We have to continue to elevate our proprietary brands. And I think most importantly, we just have to embrace the realities of this new era of retailing and make sure that we also embrace the way consumers are shopping today. So we certainly debated where there other options. Every time we came to the table, there was only one conclusion, and it's the path we've chosen to follow. We think this is the right path for our company, the right path for our shareholders, and ultimately, it's a path back to growth and an expansion of market share. So we've done our homework. We've looked at this from every different angle. This was the past we kept coming back to. It's the right path for the company today. It'll be the right path for the company 10 years from now. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Greg, why don't I start with the metrics, the things that we're going to be watching closest? And it's going to come back to we're going to watch the guest. How does the guest respond when we reimagine a store? How do they respond when we move into new neighborhoods? How do they respond to our new digital offerings? How do they respond as we roll out new brands? So ultimately, that guest satisfaction and that guest vote is the most important one. And when they're in our stores more frequently and visiting our site more frequently and shopping with Target versus other retailers, we know we're winning. But we're going to clearly monitor the guest reaction as we remodel these next 100 stores in 2017 and we continue to accelerate with another 30 small formats. And as Mark introduces new brands throughout 2017 and Mike enhances our digital offering, it's going to come back to the guest reaction. And we're fighting for footsteps, we're fighting for clicks online and we're fighting for a share of mind. So for this to be a growth story, it is all about gaining market share, and that starts with building greater trust, greater loyalty with our guest. So we'll be watching that each and every day across these initiatives we've played out today. 
Brian Cornell: Why don't we come up from -- Oliver, you've been very patient waving your arm. Why don't we see if we can get him a microphone. 
Brian Cornell: Let me try to come back to your question around the consumer trends, the role of millennial, how that takes shape over the next 3 to 5 years. And I think as we look at it today, I'll start with the investment we're making in our stores. And as we've looked at the outlook, as you've done the Math, while we expect this continued accelerated shift to digital, stores are still going to be very important. And pick the number 3 years from now, the stores represent 85% or 80% or 75% of the business, I don't know. But even if they're 75% of the business 3 to 5 years from now, they're still the dominant portion. And what we know every time we talk to the consumer, every time we talk to the guest, they create experience. If they're going to shop at a physical store, they want it to be a great experience. So we've seen the reaction to the changes we've made with visual merchandising. Some of the things that Mark and his team are bringing to life every day in our stores, in our Apparel and Home categories, we've got to make sure it's a great experience. If they're using our stores as a smart pickup point, we need to make sure when they come to our stores, they're greeted by phenomenal team members who can quickly find their order and invite them to shop more often. So we've got to make sure that experience is critically important in our stores. We know going forward, that millennial consumer that we serve, they're going to be digitally connected and their shopping experience is likely always going to start with that digital device. Then they'll choose whether they want it delivered to their front door, they want to pick it up or they just want to make sure they know where the products are placed inside of that Target store in their neighborhood. So we've got to embrace the way consumers are shopping, but we recognize when they come to a physical store, they expect a great experience. When they shop online, they want it to be really easy. When they come to pick up a product at 1 of our 1,800 stores, they're got to make sure the product is there, we've got the right items and we invite them to enjoy the convenience that we did the shopping for them, and now they can take the next 20 minutes and explore the store and discover and enjoy the merchandise that we have to offer. So physical stores will continue to be important, but we've got to reimagine that store experience. Today's millennial shopper doesn't enjoy shopping one of our tired stores that hasn't been touched in 10 years. But they love the reimagined stores, and they give us that feedback. As we remodeled stores in Los Angeles and we've reimagined stores in Dallas or as we open up new flex formats, the feedback we're seeing is sensational. And they use those flex formats, those smaller stores as places to fill in. But they're filling in 2, 3 times a week. So we're looking at it very carefully, but we know stores will be very important, but it's going to be part of our smart network, where we combine the digital experience, the store experience as one and make it really easy for the guest to connect with the Target any time they want, any way they want in their local neighborhoods and towns. 
Brian Cornell: And Scott, I'll finish my talking less about price and a lot more about value. We know we have to be competitively priced every day on those core essentials, but we win when we deliver compelling value, which means a great in-store experience; which means new, exciting brands; which means surrounding the guest with great team members; which means a great online experience that's easy and friction-free. So it can't be just about price, it has to be about value. And value is the combination of all the things we do and historically have done so well. So we've got to make sure we surround the guest with a great in-store experience. The reaction we've seen as we brought visual merchandising to life in our stores has been fantastic. We've got to continue to build compelling brands that deliver great value for the guest. We've got to surround them with a great experience, whether they're picking up an item or checking out our stores. And that's got to translate to how we interface with the guest online. So value is critically important. And we think we're positioned in way that's unique in the industry with our assortment, our in-store experience, our multi-category portfolio, the capabilities we've now built on line and the changes we're making in-store, that's what gives us so much confidence that we're on the path back to growth, that it will take time, but there's going to be significant market share opportunities in front of us. And 3 years from now, when we've reimagined stores and we're in new neighborhoods and we've rolled out new brands and we got a great new supply chain capability to complement what we've done from a digital standpoint, we'll be sitting here talking about the new Target, a growth company that's captured market share in this new era of retailing.  So I appreciate your time and your patience today. Thanks for joining us, and we look forward to look talking to you in the future. So thank you.
Mark Tritton: Yes. As we roll out the new brand work, we've been -- we're looking at Guest Insights about what brands and what spaces we should play in. But more importantly, what is the sweet spot on pricing for regular everyday pricing? So as we reset these brands, we're going to be defining great value every day for our guest as we introduce in every niche in the business. 
Mark Tritton: Yes. Just looking at the format, fresh produce is a really good example where we've changed our supply chain or assortment and have focused on quality and value. So investing there has really made a difference for the guest, they've really perceived and responded, too, with great growth in key categories. So here, we've invested in fresh. And we've gone from an organization that used to deliver multi times a week to every single day, increasing that freshness and quality, and guests are responding. Some of the tests that Brian talked about in L.A. and Dallas have really paid dividends for us. And one great example of that is our adult beverage business, where we've seen great growth in 2016. And we're going to amplify that growth and accelerate in '17. This is a business that for us, was our #1 growth category throughout all Target. And we see an upside of $1 billion business here that we're fast-tracking on in 2017. 
Mark Tritton: Yes. So the key focus of the brand growth is really in what we talked about with John, and our key strength areas of apparel, accessories, footwear and home. So these are high-margin and high-strength areas for us. And we believe that Target has the right DNA on exclusivity and differentiation. Our guests love our brands and have loved them. But we've been a little slow here in terms of the changing face of the guest. And our Guest Insight show that we could sharpen that and bring new ideas. Great proof of concept in 2016 with the launch of Who What Wear, Pillowfort and, of course, Cat & Jack that showed us, where we replaced our strengths with a new focus, we could create double-digit comps and guests' love and trips for our store. So we've taken key areas across men's, women's, home and kids and are going to amplify our offers there and redefine. In terms of overall space, we're just utilizing our existing space and really refreshing that. So one of the things we're excited about in '17 is this combination of new brands, capital investment in the space for those brands but also the addition of extra resources like visual merchandising. They're really going to create a new experience for the guest at store and create real excitement. 
Mark Tritton: Yes, I think our space is set. We're not talking about flipping or divesting or investing in more spice. It's how we utilize the space more definitively. And I think that what we've learned in these test markets is the role of fresh and convenience in creating trips and create guest loyalty has been very powerful. So reformatting the space and really curating the assortment is more of what we're focused on rather than wholesale changes to macro space. 
Catherine Smith: Robbie, I'll quickly address store portfolio. As we said, we've had a very disciplined process forever. The team has done a great job. And so our pace doesn't change. We've been closing about 10 to 15 stores a year. That's been consistent year in and year out. We'll continue to do that. But that's just normal course for us. We look at every store every year and say, "Does it make sense to keep open?" And today, the answer is, yes, universally generating positive cash. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. The only thing I'll add on to that because it's where I was going to is, we are absolutely investing to be able to play offense. We see this is as a huge opportunity for Target when you think about the playing field that's going to be available. And so we are investing to play offense. But I don't anticipate and we don't anticipate that to be demonstrably changing this year. This year is an investment year for us, as we set ourselves up for that great success to take that share over the next multiple years, there's going ton of disruption in this space. 
Catherine Smith: Yes. So Brian, maybe I can address the other 2 questions, Greg. This is a multi-phase, multiyear journey. And so -- and we try to make sure we set that expectation. We are recognizing that the environment's going to be disruptive and we've got a ton of work still to do, although we're not starting from scratch. We're going to accelerate that pace and that investment. And so we're not, and we guided that in our guidance, planning for anything but low single-digit negative declines this year. For the -- and as we said, it's an investment year as we move into transition and then we'll get into stability, where we can sustainably, consistently drive profitable growth and market share gains. And so I want to make sure we do set that expectation appropriately. On your question with regards to how the capital allocation is being spent, over the $7 billion investment over the next 3 years, it's really in the 3 areas that Brian just talked about, the 3 big areas. The biggest ones being, obviously, as we reimagine our stores because they will still be central to our story. Their roles will evolve, but there'll be significant investments there as well as the new stores. Supply chain and digital, and that's exactly where you'd expect us to be spending that money. 
Michael McNamara: Well look, I think, particularly in the last year, the focus has been on guest experience and making a flawless and great guest experience. And while some of those investments may not be obvious, they have paid dividends. We grew the business at almost twice the rate of the market last year. John talked about -- earlier how we expanded our ship-from-store capability, which has been really, really important to us. We shipped about 1 million parcels to our guests in the 2 days following Cyber Monday. And that's really important because that is our cheapest route to the guest at home, is shipping from our stores and as we can expand that model, we can be closer to our guests physically and in time. And we have the lead time during the holiday period to guests as well. And so all of those investments have improved the guest experience. We've almost doubled our guest satisfaction rating over the course of the year whilst we grew the business at twice the rate of the market. And we see that again going into this year. So there will be a relentless focus on the guest experience going forward. All of the work that John and his team are doing to reconfigure our supply chain will give us a lead time advantage and a cost advantage as we deliver more and more parcels to our guest store -- to our guests' doors. The work that Mark is doing on assortment and creating exclusive product, exclusive brand for Target that isn't available anywhere else will be vital to our online merchandising going forward. We will always look at other ways, maybe of how we would expand our assortment online, but right now, we've got our sights fairly firmly focused on how we can get to guests quicker, how we can execute flawlessly and how we can bring exclusive branded product to our guest. 
Michael McNamara: Yes. I mean, the reality is that in a digital business, one of your biggest costs, biggest marginal cost, is transportation. And it is cheaper for us to drive or to deliver from our stores, which are, as we said, about 10 miles from 75% of the population. So that last leg, being very shorter, makes it our cheapest option. The marginal cost of us getting product to the stores on the back of our existing network that already -- to the distribution centers already out there is very, very low for us, indeed. So the additional cost on that last mile is very low. We also have, of course, order pickup, which is probably our most economic fulfillment channel. 
Michael McNamara: Yes. Well I think, as Brian says, it's an important -- it's a very important growing area for us. And out in our data sciences team out in Sunnyvale, we have over 40 Ph.D.s who are nothing but thinking up of clever ways to how we tune our supply chain and how we personalize the offer to our guest, particularly online. One recent improvement they have made is on some of the bottom recommendations that we give on our home page. And we've seen and eightfold improvement on conversion rate on that. So we do know that as you make that experience more relevant to the guest, that we will improve our sales online, will make it -- will improve our conversion rates. And that's just one example. And I've seen a lot of examples in John's area around how we are improving sales forecasting and our ordering algorithms, which has helped the flow of stock all the way through our supply chain. 
