Brian Cornell: Before we move to your questions, I want to pause and acknowledge again the role our team plays in the outstanding results we delivered this quarter. I'm thankful for their continued focus on our guests, focus on operational excellence and passion for our brand.  I also want to acknowledge the challenges facing our India headquarter team, along with our team members who have family there, given the recent surge in COVID-19 cases. We have been carefully monitoring conditions on the ground and providing extra support to our team during this difficult time to ensure they can take care of themselves and their families. We've also funded $500,000 donation to UNICEF set to increase access to option treatment in hospitals across the country and bring testing resources to the hardest hit communities. We're hopeful that conditions there will continue to improve.  So now as we get ready to move to your questions, I want to underscore the confidence you've heard throughout our remarks today. Coming off an unbelievable year in 2020, we had a lot of confidence as we entered 2021, but our first quarter results came in far ahead of our baseline expectations.  With the macro and consumer backdrop that's been surprisingly positive, we've seen remarkable momentum in our performance, even as we started to comp over the period of peak increases a year ago. The flexibility of our category mix and fulfillment options, combined with an agile, energetic and engaged team, continue to resonate with our guests, driving double-digit traffic growth and an increase in average tickets in the first quarter.  But as you've often heard me say, we shouldn't confuse performance with potential. So even after more than a year of unprecedented growth, we're seeing focus and leaning into the opportunities ahead of us, making investments to build on an already strong foundation. With these investments, I'm confident that our business model and outstanding team will continue to raise the bar on an already best-in-class retail experience, resulting in even stronger loyalty and guest engagement over time.  With that, we'll turn to Q&A. Christina, John, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Well, Paul, thanks again for joining us this morning. Why don't we let John Mulligan talk about some of the progress we've made from a same-day fulfillment standpoint. 
Brian Cornell: John, the only thing I might add is as we saw our guests turn to same-day services during the pandemic using pickup and Drive-Up and ship, we expect those services to be very sticky over time. And certainly, I think we've matured the awareness and the use of those same-day services by 2, 3, if not 4 years. And certainly, as we go into the back half of the year and during the holiday season, I think we're going to continue to see our guests turn to ship and Drive-Up and pick up. That's just an easy and convenient way to shop at Target. 
Brian Cornell: Karen, thanks again for joining us today. And I appreciate the question on market share. As you look at our business, and I think you know our Target guests and our Target shopper, we're appealing to all demographics. And we've had over -- now well over 30 million guests who shop us every week. Most of America shops at Target. And I think as we look at it, we're picking up share across all these various cohorts. So it's not one consumer, it's all of the guests who are shopping Target and as they return to our stores, shopping multiple categories.  And I think that's the magic behind our performance, is that great combination of in-store experience, the ease and convenience of digital, but that multi-category portfolio and that unique combination of our own brands and curated national brands, we appeal to a broad group of consumers in different cohorts. And we're picking up share across all of these different areas. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, why don't you start? And then we can provide some additional color as Christina talks about our inventory positions. 
Brian Cornell: John and I had a review just yesterday with our store team leaders who look at turnover and retention rates, and we just continue to see stronger and stronger numbers. And back to the point that John had made. So the operating model changes we've made over the last few years, putting experts in place in areas like beauty and technology, those team members are really passionate about the work that they do, and they continue to learn and grow every day. And I think that focus on providing training and development opportunities, the expertise that we're providing in those key categories, that's going to continue to provide benefits to us over time. 
Brian Cornell: So Joe, thanks for that final question. It's a great place for us to wrap up. And hopefully, for all of you, you recognize the confidence we have in our business as we go forward, the execution that we're seeing across all of our different functions and the way we're focused on serving the guests.  So I appreciate everyone joining us today. And operator, that concludes our first quarter earnings call. So thanks again for joining us.
John Mulligan: Paul, it's good to talk to you. As you know well, we've talked about stores as hubs now for going on 4 years. And we have always said, we like it for a couple of reasons: One, great guest service; and two, better economics. Same-day services are that on steroids. They have much better economics than shipping something to someone's home because, as we've talked about, the shipping expense is the biggest part of delivering something to someone's home. So if we take that out of the equation, then we end up with economics that are much closer to the store transaction.  The thing we love about all of the same-day services, pick up, Drive-Up and ship, all of them continue to grow faster than our overall digital growth, and we continue to find ways to improve them, as you said. Part of that is investing in technology for our teams, improving their sort paths and improving how they pick. We've done a great deal of process work to break things apart, to make it simpler for our teams to execute. We've done things to help them find items in the store so that we don't end up with what we call, INFs, or items not found.  And then we continue to invest in helping them physically. And that's a big focus for us this year and will be over the next couple of years. In the case of Drive-Up, which as we've talked about a couple of times, Brian talked about and I talked about, has been our fastest-growing same-day service since -- basically since we started it. It also has our highest NPS score, so guests love it. We let you decide when you want to come. We don't force you into a time slot. And then our team brings it out to you in 2 minutes or less. So our guests absolutely love that. And you'll see us invest in making that easier for our team, building capacity on the front end of the store.  Over the past year, we've rolled out adding temperature control products to Drive-Up. And so you'll see us have refrigeration and freezers to the front end of the store, all behind the wall so that our guests don't see that, but making it much easier for our teams to execute. And then much safer, we'll make it much easier for them to walk out to cars, protect them from the environment a little bit. So all of that experience continues to improve as well.  So every year, our team comes up with multiple ways to continue to improve the service, first and foremost, for the guest, and then on the back end, improve things for our team so they can execute it easier as we continue to grow. So we see a lot more opportunity for us. And as I said, that will be a big part of our capital investment over the next several years. 
John Mulligan: Yes. Scott, just building on what Brian said. Basically, I think our thought has always been, the best way to staff our stores and our supply chain, frankly, is to limit turnover. And so let's invest in our team, give them a great experience. And you've seen us do that for several years now. We've invested in wages. We've invested in benefits. Just as importantly, we've invested in training to help upskill them. And then over the course of the past 1.5 years or so, we've invested in safety very overtly.  And so as Brian said, engagement is very high. Turnover is down significantly relative to 2019. So we feel really good about where our store's at. And as turnover decreases, you get so many benefits, right? We get team members that know their jobs. We get team members that know their guests that are in their stores because they're in there weekly. They can engage with them. And this kind of gets to the service model where the idea is to engage with our guests, make them feel welcomed, and importantly, solve their problem. If they have an issue, solve it in the moment for them.  And so you'll see us continue to do that. We're very encouraged by what we see. Our NPS scores across all of our services, including the in-store experience, are up over last year and up over 2019. So we're just getting started on this journey, but the early results are very encouraging. And I would just finish where Brian did. We -- you've heard us say for a long time, we have the best team in retail, and we absolutely believe that's the truth. 
John Mulligan: Yes. And on the sort centers, Kate, we remain pretty excited about this opportunity, but I would caution you that it's early days for us still. We're -- we always talk about crawl, walk, run. I'd say we're still firmly in crawl here in Minneapolis. And so we see a lot of opportunity in front of us. But the play here is a couple of things.  And first of all, it's about capacity in the stores. So if we can sweep packages out of the stores more routinely than once a day, that frees up space, and that frees up space for us to pack additional products in the store. And that's an important thing for us. Then as we move downstream, the more granular sort is where we start to see potentially cost reductions as we can sort to provide to our carrier partners further downstream in their operations. And like we'd announced about a month ago, using the Deliv technology, creating local routes for local packages, we can get very efficient on delivery using Shipt and Shipt drivers. And so put all that together and our guest gets a great experience, we create more capacity. And we have the opportunity to continue to improve what we believe are already advantaged economics because of our stores-as-hub model. So more to come on all that. It's early days, but we remain pretty optimistic on all 3 of those fronts. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. Sure, Paul. Thanks for the question. And I touched on this a bit in my remarks, but if I had to summarize our profit story, it goes back to the scale benefits we see when we have growth. And our plan for the back part of the year is to see growth on top of some of the strongest quarters in Target's history last year. So we would expect that leave to -- to lead to improving profit rates on a year-over-year basis. And there's still a wide range of where those numbers might ultimately land, and we'll continue to refine our point of view as the year progresses. But scale is a wonderful thing. And we've seen impressive growth over last year, and we expect more to come in the balance of this year. 
Michael Fiddelke: Sure. Well, first off, Karen, we feel really good about our inventory position heading into the second quarter. And you can see we're up on a year-over-year basis, and we should be given the growth in sales that we've seen and continue to expect.  When it comes to markdowns through the balance of the year, we've talked about this a little bit previously, we were sold through in a lot of seasons last year, and that's not optimal for us. We don't want to look at empty shelves at the end of a seasonal set. And so with our anticipation for growth in the remainder of this year, we'll be buying appropriately to that. And hopefully, that means we've got fuller shelves at the end of a season. And with that, will come some clearance markdowns, there will be a little bit of a drag on markdown rates on a year-over-year basis if I had to guess. But I would welcome a little bit of that rate drag because it means that we're full and in stock for the guests throughout the season. 
Michael Fiddelke: Sure, Chris. Thanks for the question. Well, we would expect, like I said in my remarks, the second quarter to be far ahead of the 2-year ago performance, likely not as high as last year. But there's still a broad range around that outcome. And so we'll see as the quarter plays out exactly where we land.  Worth noting, and I touched on this as well, there's some factors unique to the quarter. We've got a $110 million headwind from the way our returns reserve calendarizes between Q1 and Q2. And the second thing is, we're investing, and we'll continue to invest in the team and in-store payroll to make sure we're staffed and in stock to support the sales we expect to come. And our teams have done just an incredible job this year providing such great guest experience. And we want to make sure we're investing to continue to support that and to support growth. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. So maybe I'll speak to actuals and unpack the first quarter just a little bit versus 2 years ago. If you look at kind of versus our 2019 performance, we saw markdown efficiency. And we've talked about that, lower levels of promotional and clearance markdown rates in 2019. On a 2-year basis, mix is actually about 40 basis points of a drag in the first quarter. And also, on a 2-year basis, you can see digital and supply chain pressure of a shade over 1 point given the growth in the digital business and the impact that, that has to rate. And so those are familiar drivers we've talked about over time. Where those drivers land for the balance of the year will dictate where margin ultimately falls. 
Michael Fiddelke: Sure. Thanks for the question, Kate. I can start, and then maybe John can provide more color on the sortation center work that we're doing. We didn't see pressure on the supply chain and digital line this quarter. That's due in part to the just incredible strength in our store business, with stores up 18% on a year-over-year basis.  I get excited by the efficiency improvements I see us continue to make in our digital experience. John talked to some of those just a minute ago. But we can do a lot with the volumes that we've built over the last 2 years in some of those same-day services. And all of that volume translates to more efficiency opportunity as we can continue to squeeze down the per unit cost to fulfill.  But I don't shy away from growth -- or from a drag on that line from a growing digital business. And the reason why is, when guests lean into digital, when we get more omnichannel guests, more guests using Drive-Up, more guests using same-day, even if that sale itself comes at a slightly lower rate, it does incredible things for the rest of our P&L because we see those guests spend more in total, about 30% more for a new Drive-Up or Shipt guest. And that's way more important than the little bit of rate drag we've seen over time from digital growth, and that's how we continue to think about it. 
