Brian Cornell: Thanks, Michael. Before we turn to your questions, I want to pause and acknowledge John's incredible record of service to Target and thank him for his profound impact he's had on this company. I'm sure he'll be glad to know I'm not planning to recap his entire 27-year career this morning. But I do want to highlight the impact he's had since I arrived in 2014, an impact that literally began on my first day when John handed me a large binder, a recap of the comprehensive strategy review he and the Board conducted during his time as interim CEO.  That body of work was an invaluable resource that allowed me to hit the ground running. It serves as a blueprint for all the strategic changes we made in those early years. One of those changes was the creation of a Chief Operating Officer role, the first time we've had one at Target. And while John was already an outstanding CFO, I knew he was the right person for this new position. Since becoming COO in 2015, and John has led the transformation of our store portfolio from new stores or remodels through the operating model within those buildings. Similarly, John is leading the transformation of our upstream supply chain completely changing the way our distribution network serves our stores. And of course, John's team developed and implemented our stores as hub strategy. When we launched stores as hubs, it was a completely unique approach in retail. It's a model that has changed the way we serve our guests, including Drive-Up service, now accounts for well over $7 billion in annual sales, $7 billion is larger than the total sales of some other prominent retailers. But beyond the tangible operational changes John has led, it's his focus on team development and its impact on individual leaders that's been the most notable. John has served as both a formal and informal mentor to countless members of our team, and he's hired and developed an extraordinary group of leaders, including Mark Schindele in our stores and Gretchen McCarthy in our supply chain, both of whom are ready and well prepared to continue leading the work after John steps down.  Perhaps the strongest compliment I can pay John is to say he will be missed as a colleague, and I will personally miss his partnership. But I know our operations will not miss a beat given how masterfully he's prepared everyone around him. And that goes for me, too. Since the day I arrived, John has been a trusted adviser, whose only goal was to do what was best for our guests, for this great company and for our team.  I should also reiterate that John will remain in his role through the end of this fiscal year and has agreed to continue in advisory role until February of 2025. We'll share additional information on our succession plans for John early next year. I'm sure I speak for all of us when I sincerely thank John for all he's done for Target and wish him only the best in his retirement.  With that, we'll turn to Q&A. Christina, John, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Brian Cornell: Robby, I might build on Michael's comments around inventory. And we certainly feel very good about the actions we've taken and the reduction of inventory by 14%. But if you heard Christina earlier in the call, we've also been leaning into newness and feel really good about our position going into the holiday season with 10,000 new items, and we'll continue to lean in to meet demand during the holiday season. So I think the team has done an exceptional job of managing inventory. The benefits throughout our system have been realized in the third quarter. But we're playing to win in the fourth quarter. And I think Christina highlighted the amount of newness we have in our system and the great value we'll offer our guests throughout the holiday season. 
Brian Cornell: Well, as you might expect, we're watching it day by day, almost hour by hour, but we're still really early in the season. The big days, the big weeks are still in front of us. So we'll launch it carefully. Again, I think we're prepared for a really solid holiday season, but it's just way too early to tell. 
Brian Cornell: And Michael, one point to clarify. While we've certainly called out the pressure we're seeing both from an industry standpoint and a Target standpoint in discretionary categories, in the third quarter alone, we generated over $25 billion of revenue. And as Michael referenced, on a full year basis, we'll generate over $100 billion of revenue. A significant portion of that comes from discretionary sales.  And as Christina pointed out, much of that's tied to combining great newness with affordability. And I think we're well positioned to continue to perform in those categories. So while we've seen some pressure, consumers continue to turn to Target for Apparel and Home, for discretionary categories and items. And I think we're well positioned with the amount of newness and value we'll offer during the holiday season. 
Brian Cornell: Michael, it's such a great question. And you heard me say this in my prepared comments, our focus is on obviously doing both. We're certainly not satisfied today with our top line performance, and we are laser-focused on improving traffic, on growing our top line and continuing to advance our profitability. So for Target, it's a combination of doing both. And as we finish this year and build our plans for 2024, you'll see us being focused on driving our top line, building traffic and continue to expand our profitability. 
Brian Cornell: Again, I'll underscore the point Christina just made. Simeon, I think you know it's all about the balance. And we're always looking to balance our focus on sales and margin and profitability. Early in the year, we talked about the fact that we were going to plan discretionary categories cautiously in this environment. And we said appropriately. And I think that's played out well for us. But at the same time, we've been leaning into categories with strong demand in Food and Beverage, in Household Essentials, in Beauty.  We know today's consumers still celebrating seasons. So we lean into Back-to-School and Back-to-College and Halloween. And we know they're going to celebrate the holiday season. So we're leaning into those select categories where we know the guest is looking for newness, affordability, and they're going to celebrate those seasons. But that's what we do each and every day as a good retailer and is constantly a balance category by category of the focus on sales, on market share, on profitability. And I think as you saw in the third quarter, that's the way that [ worked ] for us. 
Brian Cornell: Well, you've opened up the door for John Mulligan to answer your question today, and I'm really glad you did. 
Brian Cornell: Yes. Thank you. So operator, that concludes our Q3 call. I want to thank everybody for joining us. I wish everybody a wonderful holiday season, and we look forward to seeing you in March.
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. Happy to start, Robby. And you had a couple of other drivers in your question. The Q3 relative benefits of shrink coming out in a little better than we thought, freight coming in healthy on a year-over-year basis were certainly contributing factors. But the one I just underscore is the continued benefit we see from our strong inventory position. The cautious approach we've taken to inventory and, frankly, the team's good work to drive more productivity with a better inventory position, that inventory position just reaps benefits across our operations. Our stores are more efficient, our DCs are more efficient. All systems run better with inventory where it sits today. And with inventory down 14% on the balance sheet as we exit the quarter, we feel really good about that inventory position heading into Q4. 
Michael Fiddelke: So that's probably worth spending just a second on so that we all interpret what we're likely to see in Q4 the right way. Given the pace of some of our accruals last year, we would expect shrink to not to be quarter-over-quarter headwind in Q4 that we've seen throughout the balance of the year. Important to note that, that doesn't mean we've turned the corner on shrink. We'll continue to watch those trends carefully, and we still saw year-over-year pressure in Q3 as the underlying shrink in the business is still a headwind on a year-over-year basis, but there's some things unique to last year in Q4 that are likely to make it less of a driver of year-over-year variance in that quarter. 
Michael Fiddelke: You can expect us to unpack that more as we get into the start of next year, Rupesh. But wanted to share our latest thinking of how we think the cadence by year flows, and as you heard me say in my remarks, importantly, we'll continue to invest in the things that will drive growth over time. We're really pleased with the almost $5 billion of investments this year and the returns those will drive. And we feel like that $3 billion to $4 billion number is the right number for next year based on what we see today, but more to come on that front. 
Michael Fiddelke: I'm happy to start with the shrink question, Ed. In the third quarter, we still saw year-over-year pressure, so about 40 basis points of year-over-year headwind. That's less pressure relatively than we saw in the first 2 quarters of the year, and it was a little better than we thought it'd be. And so those are encouraging signs of some progress in the right direction, but to be clear, still a year-over-year headwind in Q3. And so as we've said before, shrink's a lagging metric. We think progress there probably doesn't happen quickly. But we're focused on progress over time, and you'll see us continue to take the actions to get a better outcome there over time, but it's not one that we'd expect overnight. 
Michael Fiddelke: Yes. So when we think about what we see in traffic, as you heard in our prepared remarks, it was good to see sequentially traffic improve quarter-over-quarter at a slightly faster rate than the top line did. And we're excited about the work teams do, that balance of newness and value and the investments we continue to make in the business to turn traffic back in our favor over time. And so that's where you'll see us focused, Kate. 
Michael Fiddelke: Kate, I might offer just one more piece of context on traffic. Even with the tougher sales trends that we've seen so far year-to-date, through the first 3 quarters of this year versus prepandemic, traffic is up over 20% in total. And so we feel really good about the engagement that we've built with guests over the last few years. We think that's an asset and a base that will really benefit us well going forward. 
Michael Fiddelke: Thanks for the question, Chris. I think the punch line is we'll talk more about next year after we get through a really important holiday season. So that's our team's focus right now. And a lot of what will impact as we get there will be some of the things that you listed in your question. But more to come as we turn the page to next year once we get through a really important fourth quarter. 
A. Hennington: Yes. To build on what Brian said, certainly, when we do have hot promotions, the guest is responding. And the fourth quarter is always very competitive, and we'll be very well positioned with everyday low prices as well as promotions and investments in Circle, our loyalty program. I think the big difference for us this year and this fourth quarter is the amount of newness that we've invested in. If there's one thing that we've seen is in an environment where people are making choices and they might have some constraints with their budget, the motivation to buy is really, is this going to add value to my life? Is this something that is intriguing and feels relevant or is fashion forward or is really for me? And doing more of the same just isn't going to get it done, which is why we've invested in newness. And you'll see that across the store. You'll see it as you walk in, first thing in our women's set. It's right on trend, it's colorful. The price points are very appealing. You walk around to our seasonal business. Right now, you can get everything [indiscernible], your tree skirt to ornaments at a great value. Continue down the path to toys, you've got over 2/3 of our toys below $25. And then around the corner of our store to food, where you can get not only your Thanksgiving meal for under $25, but all the gifting solutions and special trades for Marks & Spencer, only rounded out at Beauty, which has been our strongest business year-to-date and for many years and find gifting solutions at every price point.  So we're really pleased with assortment we're putting forward and think this will certainly motivate the guest to buy. 
A. Hennington: And on the discretionary side, I said it in my prepared remarks, but there was an underlying shift in the third quarter compared to the second quarter with both Apparel and Home accelerating nicely. And so that's our continued goal, is to make sure that we present the right level of newness to build the business back to positive territory over the long term. We are, however, picking our bets. And so our cautionary planning to inventory has bought so much goodness in the total P&L on the operation that about -- it's about being choiceful and placing our bets. 
A. Hennington: As we've talked about, the consumer is responding to promotions and so the market is responding accordingly. With that said, I'd say it's still a rational environment. And the healthy inventory position that we're in allows us to continue to offer great value to our guests without chasing empty calories. 
A. Hennington: Yes. So Brian hit on this in his prepared remarks, that the industry has seen a slowdown in unit performance over many quarters in a row. And that is because the pressure on the consumer is really real and they're having to make those choices. I also shared in my remarks that in the frequency businesses, which we think of as Food and Beverage and Essentials and Beauty, that in the third quarter we saw prices come down so that we comped over the peak of inflation. The prices came down, that's an industry-wide phenomenon. And as a result, we did see some improvement in unit velocity. That's a good thing in the long run, is that when consumers can stretch their budget across more things that they want to buy and not have it tied up in any high prices. That's a good thing. But as Brian talked about, the inflation on these categories over the last several years, especially in Food, Household Essentials, even pets and baby, is meaningful. And that's going to take a while to overcome. 
A. Hennington: So right now, with total consumer spending soft in the discretionary portfolio, we are not going to chase short-term benefit at the long term -- at the expense of long term. And so it's always a balance. We're always looking to drive both sales and profit. We've also been very clear that this year has -- we put profit on a high priority to recover from last 5 years. But as Brian said, the long-term gain -- the long-term game has to be both. 
