Gregg Steinhafel: As Kathy, John and I have all indicated this morning, we're very pleased with our team's performance and the financial results we delivered in the third quarter. While we recognize that the fourth quarter and the holiday season are always intensely competitive, we are excited about the plans we have in place, confident in our team's ability to execute and optimistic about our ability to capture our fair share of our guests' hearts and wallets. Now Kathy, John and I will be happy to respond to your questions. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes, we haven't -- we see no reason to establish an upside benchmark at this point. And I would just add from -- in addition to what John said, our guests really love this because Target is their favorite store or a favorite store of theirs to shop to begin with. And this is a very powerful, immediate and simple program. I mean, they -- we have a lot of our guests that spend thousands of dollars, and that 5% savings, along with the other bets [ph], is a meaningful savings to them. And you don't have to accumulate points or anything. And the debit card in particular has been very, very successful. So those shoppers who are coming to Target on a very regular basis can save a lot of money throughout the course of the year. So it's very understandable why they like this program so much. 
Gregg Steinhafel: And it will be our biggest event, our biggest partnership event that we've ever conducted at a great time of year as well. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes, this is Gregg. We don't see a lot of price match activity in our stores. We've been price matching for a long time. Our value proposition is so good day in and day out, and our circular price offering is so good that we don't expect this to be meaningful. So it will be in the -- we expect in the single digits. And we'll take a look and evaluate this post-holiday to determine what our plan is going forward. We haven't made any decisions as it relates to that at this point in time and really want to get through the have the period and regroup and assess the campaigns to determine how to address 2013. 
Gregg Steinhafel: So much of the -- I mean, we have 2 weeks down, 11 weeks in front of us, and we have so much of the business concentrated in that Thanksgiving weekend and in the 10 days before holidays, so that the vast majority of the holiday season is in front of us at this particular point in time. So we're excited about it. We've got a great plan. Our stores are ready, our teams are ready. We've got a great value offering and some really inspiring merchandise. So we believe we'll profitably take market share this holiday season. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, it will be substantially larger than Missoni, but this is more tightly edited in terms of the number of items that we have. So the commitment behind each item will be substantially more than any event that we've ever done. And given the time of year that it is and the fact that these will make great holiday gifts, the inventory on a per-item basis is something that we've never supported in the past. Missoni and some of other ones have had hundreds of SKUs, as you know, and this has a much more narrowly-defined assortment base. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, we're hopeful that this is our biggest success yet, but we're not making any predictions as it relates to the sell-through timetable. Like any event of this magnitude, there are going to be some items that sell through very, very quickly and other items that will take a little bit longer to sell through. But overall, we look at the entire assortment, we look at the portfolio of designers, and we think across the board, there's something for everyone. So we think it's going to be successful across the board. It's just a matter of how you want to gauge success, is it hours, or days, or possibly a week, which might be a stretch. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Well, we feel that for the quarter, we're going to be within the range that we have described and how we have characterized November. So much of November comes around the Thanksgiving weekend, and that's ahead of us yet. So we still feel good where our plans are for the month and for the quarter. 
Gregg Steinhafel: We don't conduct the price match policy at the checkout. We conduct it at the service desk. And our whole strategy is about delivering a great experience and having our guests have confidence in our pricing, our value proposition, day in and day out is rock solid. On ad, we meet or beat the competition, 5% REDcard reward on top of, or in conjunction with our Price Match Guarantee, is a winning combination and unbeatable in the marketplace. So it's very strong, it's very compelling, and we're just -- we're excited about it because the value proposition is so good. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Okay. Well that concludes Target's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you all for your participation. 
John Mulligan: Deb, this is John. I don't think we're seeing really any material impact from the top line due to inflation in any of our categories -- specific categories across the store. And certainly, as we would aggregate that across the store, as has been the case for the past several years, in aggregate, inflation impact is immaterial to our results. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think that's pretty reasonable. We continue to invest meaningfully in technology across the enterprise. And as we've said, we're also investing now in multi-channel initiatives across the enterprise and specifically around dotcom. But like I just said in the fourth quarter outlook, we expect to leverage SG&A expense in the fourth quarter despite those investments ongoing. 
John Mulligan: Hard to say. I think 20%, I think we said about -- if you'd have asked us a year ago, we would've said we thought 20% was the top. Obviously, with Kansas City hitting that for a period of time, and as we said, that will come back here in the fourth quarter just due to the dynamics of the quarter, we'd expect the company to be there next year, and we think there's just a very long runway here. We think the product is an outstanding offer. Clearly, our guests are starting to understand it. The store teams are doing a great job as they communicate with our guests, helping them understand both the credit and the debit offering. So you wrap that all together, and we think there's a long runway here. 
John Mulligan: As you might expect, the beginning of the month was a little bit choppy, certainly with Sandy on the East Coast, the election, a few things going on. But we feel really good about the guidance we gave for November of a low and more important than that, we feel really good about the quarter, the 2% to 3% comp that we just talked about for the quarter. 
John Mulligan: Yes, we did say the majority of the profits. I think as we indicated, when we made the announcement, ultimately, we will report, as everyone else does once they no longer own the assets, we'll report the net impact, the income less the expenses that we incur for servicing those assets in SG&A within our Retail segment. So that's our plan going forward. 
John Mulligan: Yes, we'll -- we're working on detailed plans for both Canada and the U.S. business both, and we'll walk you guys through our exact plans financially when we do the fourth quarter conference call. I think importantly for Canada, probably the most important thing is that the Q4 of next year is when we have said we'll move from dilution to accretion. So our focus is on getting profitable in Q4 2013, and we feel good about that right now. I think when the stores open up, there's a lot of variables there. We said for a long time, we have a better idea of where the stores will be in year 2 or year 3 than we do in year 1. Lots of volatility, we'll certainly see a surge early, and then we'll settle in and we'll refine as we go along, both our merchandising assortment and how we operate those stores. So I think we would expect to see sales and margins we will -- we do expect to see both sales and margins improve as we go along. But by that, I don't mean you should be looking quarter-over-quarter. This will take us a couple of years to refine our operating model in Canada. 
John Mulligan: I think as we look at October, we think very little to do really with inflation in that category. We think the majority of what we saw in October was cycling over what was, by far, our largest PFresh remodel program in one cycle last year. As we think about grocery going forward, mid to high comps seem reasonable for us for a run rate as we look ahead here. 
John Mulligan: Your math is pretty correct, Greg, and I think that's about the range that you'll see us operate in. As we've said, we want to maintain the current credit ratings that we're at, and we believe as we talk to the agencies, and we'll go back and talk to them again, obviously, once all the dust settles from the receivables transactions, but we believe that's about the right range where we'll continue to operate. 
John Mulligan: Yes, first, as it relates to the impact on the comp, as we said last year, when it was not helpful, it wasn't material. And this year, while we do believe it will be helpful to the comp, it won't be a material portion of it. And I think you're exactly right, the REDcard penetration online is higher than we see in the stores. And as you might expect, in certain categories, it is significantly higher than we see in the stores, given the 5% off plus the free shipping online, you don't have to let your mind wander too far to think about categories where the penetration is probably pretty significant. 
John Mulligan: Sure. On the tax rate, I'll take that, and then let Kathy talk about inventory. We have seen several, what we have characterized as onetime events over the past several years, and they have been truly onetime as we have settled many discrete tax matters. I think for fourth quarter, we'd expect to see rates similar to what we saw last year. The caveat I'll put on that is that with Canada, with our dilution growing meaningfully year-over-year, the rate in Canada is much lower than we see in the U.S. and that, of course, puts -- when we have losses, puts pressure on our consolidated tax rates, so some impact related to that, but nothing material. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think we actually said $1.5 billion or more. And I think the key is, and you see this in the third quarter in other areas, is we don't do that just on autopilot. I think as we saw, the stock price went up pretty aggressively in third quarter. We always pause to see where the market's really going to land and make sure that we're buying at a reasonable pace for the year. We still think $1.5 billion or more is a reasonable range for us to end in. 
John Mulligan: Well, as we -- as I said a little bit earlier, we haven't provided any guidance on 2013 yet. I think if you look back, you'd find that Doug used the words "For example" when he talked about that. But I think more important than that, as I said, we'll be back in about 3 months to give you our detailed view of what we think will happen in Canada over the next 4 months. And you kind of hit on it there subtlety, but again, I go back to, I think, Q4 is the key date for next year when we move from dilution to accretion. 
John Mulligan: Yes, it would start on Q3. I think the other thing I would remark upon relative to Q3, is last year in Q3, we leveraged 40 basis points of SG&A. So when we talked about the quarter at the beginning, at the end in our second quarter conference call, we actually expected to delever a bit more than we did. So we're pretty pleased with our expense discipline across the company in the third quarter. For the fourth quarter, certainly, a small element of that is related to the 53rd week. But frankly, most of the expense leverage that comes in the 53rd week is across depreciation and amortization because of the way we expense that. And that's where most of the benefit comes as you might expect. Most of our expenses happen in the 53rd week just like anyone -- any other week. Benefits, payroll, which is obviously our biggest expense across the enterprise, property taxes, that all happens just like normal. So that's the primary benefit. Going forward, we've said that we expect to maintain our EBITDA margin rates. And so we expect to overcome gross margin rate compression with SG&A leverage and to do so at a 3 comp. So nothing's really changed in our formula. We expect to accommodate the investments we're making in multi-channel and technology, both within our capital plan and our SG&A plan going forward. 
John Mulligan: Well, I think as we said, we haven't provided any specific guidance. But I guess, I would point to Q3 this quarter. We cycled against very strong results this quarter, a 4.3 comp, profit rates, EBITDA and EBIT margin rates were very strong for the quarter, and we just produced another very strong quarter. Obviously, last spring and first quarter, and we talked about in the conference call, it was the perfect storm of good things all happened. We had the right merchandise in our stores, weather was great and people felt great about shopping. So we have some strong business to cycle. But we'll be back to talk about what we intend to produce for results in Q1 in about 3 months. 
Kathryn Tesija: You know, Deb, we do think that there is a halo effect when our site is performing well. As you know, guests do a lot of research online, but then they want to come into stores and purchase. And of course, there's a lot of people who come into the store, see the product and perhaps want a different color that we offer online. So after looking at the product, decide to still order through target.com because they want something that we offer that's different online. So we see sales going back and forth between the 2 all the time, which does make those channels blur quite a bit. But I think the health of our site certainly impacts the health of our stores. And I'm sorry, what was your -- the second part of your... 
Kathryn Tesija: Buy online, ship to store. At this point, we are not offering that service to our guests. But it is something that we've been talking about. 
Kathryn Tesija: We do think that there will be a lot of cross shopping, Colin, as we've seen with other limited-time partnerships that we've had, but we think particularly this time of the year, the guest is coming in to buy gifts, maybe some self gifting, but also gifts for people on their list. And Target is a great place to get gifts of all type. And so we think they'll come in for Neiman Marcus, but we do think that they will shop the rest of the store, and there will be some impact. In terms of the inventory and the dollar amount, we don't disclose what we buy or sell on these limited partnerships. But we are very excited about it. 
Kathryn Tesija: And on the inventory side, the team has done really an incredible job of managing our inventory, both to be in stock but at the same time optimizing the supply chain to make sure that we're keeping that as tight as we possibly can. A lot of the improvement that we're seeing is just indicative of what's happening right now in our business. So first of all, better management of our receipts in Toys and Home. There's some timing shifts in some gift-giving categories like Electronics. But then as we talked about in the last call as well, longer term, we continue to really succeed in moving a portion of our base inventory out of our distribution centers and our store backrooms and getting it onto the sales floor, which is a huge win for us because that's where guests can shop it. So we continue to work on those initiatives. 
Kathryn Tesija: You're correct, our strongest performance were in Men's and our Performance Activewear, which is -- Activewear has been strong really all year, both because it's a great trend in Apparel right now, but also given the quality and the value that we offer in C9, it's been really an exceptional performer. I think the weakness in Kids and ready-to-wear, or relative weakness, I think is mostly driven by seasonal. We saw some really good strength in sort of our better must-have product. But we are still waiting for weather to break in most of the country, and we have a lot of seasonal apparel, both in Kids and in ready-to-wear in particular, which is still off to a slower start. But I do feel great about the holiday season. Our sweaters are starting to sell and some of the other seasonal product that we have in ready-to-wear. So I think our assortment looks good. It's -- we'll see here in the next few weeks. 
Kathryn Tesija: We feel that having limited time partnerships with designers is the best place for us to be because it allows us to capitalize on current trends in the marketplace and designers who are up and coming, and we've had a great response to that. And throughout the course of the year, our Apparel business has been really solid. So I do think that our price-value relationship is very good. This is an awkward time of the year given how much seasonal product that we have in Apparel and waiting for that weather to break and guests to get really interested in seasonal product, is always sort of a timing issue. But when you look throughout the course of the whole year, our Apparel business has been very solid, and I think it will continue to be solid. 
Kathryn Tesija: I don't think our guests, based on our research, is that interested in layaway. They are interested in great prices every day. So I think our value equation is really important to them, couple that with our Holiday Price Match, which gives them confidence to buy any time during the holiday season and know that if it appears at a lower price from Target or anyone else later in the season, that they can get that price matched, as well as we've talked about with our debit and credit card, getting 5% off, I think that's really critical to our guests, much more so than layaway. 
