John Mulligan: So I'll start, Greg. I think a couple of things. One, I think, first of all, the stress on low-income consumers is certainly playing a role. We've seen that all year long. The payroll tax increase has been a portion of that, for sure. I think we get to cycle past that in January, and we'll get better information about what that looks like going forward. But beyond that and the things that we actually control, as you said, we continue to see meaningful growth in REDcard. That continues to drive 50% lifts in sales, all of that driven by traffic. Kansas City is above 25% penetration now, so it continues to grow hundreds of basis points a year. And then beyond that, I think it's all about our multichannel initiatives and everything we're doing there. And as I said, we're starting to see strong digital sales growth. That, combined with the flex-fulfillment activities that we're implementing now, piloting a little later this year and will begin to roll out next year, we think all of that put together will continue to drive meaningful traffic increases. 
John Mulligan: There's always hope, Sean. We're highly confident that we're going to be successful. To your inventory question, we talked a lot last time about, given the sales shortfall and the fact that we planned inventories to protect on the upside, given all the excitement, there's a pretty large inventory overhang. And as the teams have worked hard over the past 90 days, assessing the best way to handle that, and it depends on the various categories, about the best way to handle that, we've clearly seen some markdowns come through. We're taking advantage of that, actually, to drive value messaging in Canada and get across how sharp our prices are. And then we're also assessing what of the inventory do we think we're going to sell, ultimately, below cost or end up salvaging because there's just flat-out too much of it. And that's the inventory reserves that we assess at the end of the third quarter. We do that every quarter anyways, as a matter of course, and we'll do that again at the end of the fourth quarter. But that was a large piece of what happened at the end of the third quarter. I think as far as lumpiness of inventories, as you'd expect, it's the long-lead categories where we tend to be lumpy. The stuff that turns quicker or that is domestically sourced, we can, obviously, shut down receipts much, much quicker. But stuff that is long lead -- and we'll see this continue, actually, a little bit in the spring. And here, think about categories like bikes, where those are a long-lead item and it just -- we can't get out of the receipts once we've made commitments. So those are the type of items that'll take us a little bit longer to clear through. I think on signs of hope -- we wouldn't call it hope, but on signs of our execution starting to improve, we are seeing, and I think this is consistent with what Gregg said, as we start to get sales histories, we can start to replenish stores more accurately, balance our inventories and meet guest need when they need that. And we're starting to see success there. As we look at our current results, we're pretty much hitting our current forecast, but we're seeing much stronger results in the cycles that have been open longer. Cycle 1, Cycle 2, Cycle 3 have actually begun to exceed our expectations a bit. So we're a little bit hopeful -- not hopeful, we're optimistic that we are seeing the right trend with those cycles improving, and we believe we'll continue to see that as we get more age behind the Cycle 4 and Cycle 5 stores. 
John Mulligan: Yes, I think our efforts on expense optimization continue to be very successful. The teams are very engaged across the company and continuing to look for new ideas of ways that we can reduce expense. And I think part of this is about lowering our center of gravity that you're referring to. But a big part of it, too, is in reinvesting that in other parts of the business. And you've really seen that this year. We had significant incremental investments in technology, supply chain. That will happen again next year, particularly around technology and flexible fulfillment. We'll make SG&A investments, and expense optimization really allows us to offset that. So I think leverage probably hasn't changed a whole lot, somewhere between that 1 and 2 range, but it gives us a lot of capacity to invest in the business as we continue to grow our multichannel capabilities. 
John Mulligan: We agree with the last part of that comment, and we've continued to say it's very early here, and we're going to see it move around again in the fourth quarter, given we see the surge in holiday sales. I don't have the exact weighted average on the store timing, Matt. But John Hulbert will get that to you -- we can get that to you today. 
John Mulligan: And then on fuel, there's no question that, in a time when, particularly, lower-income consumers have very constrained budgets, having less -- having to spend less on fuel, it helps in some way. For us, I'll tell you, through time, we have looked at this many, many ways, and it's really hard to quantify fuel price moves in our sales. There's times when fuel prices are going up in a good economy, and that's good for everybody, which is different than today. So it's hard to quantify. But overall, lower fuel prices is definitely good for consumers. It just puts more money in their pocket. 
John Mulligan: The 50 basis points is about right, and I would say about half of that was due to the ongoing pressure we've seen for several years now related to REDcard and the store remodel program. The other half, like we talked a little bit about, was really related to markdowns we took given the Halloween sell-through that we saw. And we saw sales soften up, like we said, in the middle of the quarter. Given everything that was going on with consumer confidence and in Washington, we saw sales soften up a bit. And really, just some promotional markdowns to sell through our Halloween inventory. I think as we think about fourth quarter, as we talked about, it's going to be very promotional, there's no doubt about that. But the primary driver of our performance versus last year is, last year, we took significant clearance markdowns last -- which you'll see be the primary variance year-over-year in our gross margin rate. 
John Mulligan: Yes, we haven't disclosed the drag from startup expenses all year long. So we haven't really talked about that a whole lot. As it relates to price investments and markdowns, I think it's all -- we view that as all one big bucket, really, and it's really the total value message we're able to give to the guests in Canada right now. And as we said, we have a little bit of excess inventory. We'll take advantage of that. To be sure, we're giving a great value message. But beyond that, as we look at our pricing in Canada on like items, we are right on where we want to be. We are locally competitive and right on the price leaders in Canada. So we feel really good about our pricing in Canada on like-for-like items. 
Kathryn Tesija: And the only thing that I would add, Greg -- this is Kathee -- is just that as guests are consolidating their trips and they're coming less frequently, it's really important for us to get them to shop around the store and to buy more. And you do see in our basket that we've been able to accomplish that for the past several quarters as well. So we will stay focused on how do we ensure that we get more of their wallet when they do come. 
Kathryn Tesija: Most of what's driving it up for the fourth quarter will be those hot categories like Electronics that are most popular in the holiday season, and there's a lot of newness there that drive up the average selling price. So think of iPads, think of all the new video game consoles and games, which Target does very well with. And we are really excited about that business for the holiday season. So I would anticipate it will continue into the fourth quarter. 
Kathryn Tesija: Yes, first, I would tell you it's pretty early. I think we've got about 6 months in with Cartwheel. But as we mentioned, very excited. We have got over 3 million users right now that are very engaged. I think it's helping trips. I also think it's really helping basket because they're using Cartwheel in the store, on their mobile device, looking for deals on things that they want to buy, and they're adding more to their basket. So it's still really early to see trends, but we are very excited about it and are talking about it more and more. We're going to be using Cartwheel as one of our vehicles to help drive value this holiday season. And hopefully, more and more people will hear about it and sign up for it. But we think this is a big success story for us that we can continue to grow. 
Kathryn Tesija: Well, Matt, I'd say it's strong overall. Certainly, that varies by category, but there are a lot of great trends in our business in Electronics. I mentioned a couple that we're excited about for Black Friday and going into Cyber Monday and the rest of the holiday season. Things like Beats by Dr. Dre, that -- the whole headphone category has been fantastic, and that's a lead item. Speaker systems, like Sonos, have been fantastic. So there are many different categories that are performing well. Some are a little bit softer, like cameras. But in total, a really strong business in Electronics right now. 
Kathryn Tesija: I don't know that number off the top of my head. It is definitely higher than our typical market share, but we can get back to you with that number. 
Kathryn Tesija: Well, we don't necessarily talk about categories and how big they are. But with 2 new console releases and all the games that will go with them, as you know, it's been a declining category for several years, given the maturity. It's been over 7 years since we had a new console. So having 2 in the same year is very meaningful for the category. It's also very meaningful for Electronics and the store. So we think it's going to be one of the biggest gifts -- gifting category of the year, and we will certainly benefit from that. 
Kathryn Tesija: Apparel, I think, was -- most of what we have is owned-brand product and exclusive designer partnerships that we do. So that is the bulk of our business. Certainly, we do a lot of basics with branded manufacturers, Hanes, for example. But our comp in Apparel was down slightly. It was much stronger online, so we're seeing some shifting happening there. We are pleased with the new releases that we've had. Phillip Lim was probably our best designer launch ever, very clean sell-throughs, both in stores and online. Our launch of our holiday product is off to a good start, while it's still early. So we're feeling pretty good about Apparel overall. I would say that the softest part of Apparel has been in kids. And we are working on ways to make sure that we can drive that business and have the right price-value relationship for our guests to help drive better market share gains. But the rest, I feel pretty confident in. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes, they do. They get total credit for anything that is bought online, picked up in-store, or things that are in-store, where there's an extended aisle sale and it's in it. So we're incenting this. Actually, we have a parallel environment where both teams, both our dotcom team and our store teams, get credit for growing the business in a collaborative way. So there's no penalties or there's no internal conflict at all as it relates to who's going to get that credit for the sale. So we're double-crediting everybody from an internal standpoint, and then we take it out at the an enterprise level to make sure that it all washes through on a consolidated basis. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes. So think of it more as a change in the mix of what we're selling at this time of year, versus trading up within category. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Yes, Chris, this is Gregg. Over the long term, our expectations haven't changed at all. What we're experiencing now is, and as John talked about it, it's those long lead time businesses that are markdown sensitive, particularly Home and Apparel, that we have to exit, and it's costly to do so. Remember, the first cycle of stores didn't open until April. And the second cycle followed shortly after that, and that was only a handful number of stores. By the time we really got a good, clear indication in terms of where the sales were going to level out for this year, in our long-cycle businesses, and think 6, 7, 8 months, these receipts were already planned and in production and on the way. So it's really the lump of inventory that we've got to work through. And once we do that, we're very confident that we're going to be back in the mid-30s, like we talked about, in terms of the overall gross margin because our mix continues to be strong. And we're very pleased with that, and we don't see any signs of that abating. Now it might come down a little bit as we get more aggressive in terms of building that trip frequency. And we'll start those efforts in earnest when we turn the corner in 2014. But on an absolute basis, we're really pleased with where we are in Home and Apparel. And we've got to get through this next quarter and the early part of the beginnings of 2014 until we really get that sales history developed by item, by store and eliminate some of the huge variability that we have in the supply chain so that we can get a more even balance between receipt flow and what we're selling. And at that point in time, we fully believe that we're going to be back to where our initial expectations were from a gross margin standpoint. 
Gregg Steinhafel: No, these are against the new, most recent level-setting expectations that we shared at the Analyst Day that said that they're not where they were when we originally planned the business, but now that we've had enough experience, we see where they were, and we established and rebooted, essentially, our expectations for Canada. So against that new, most current forecast, what we're seeing is encouraging signs out of those earlier-cycle stores. They are exceeding these newer, revised forecasts more than the later-cycle stores because they've had a chance to operate on their own. They're 6 months into it now. The inventories are flowing better, in-stock levels have improved, the guest is getting used to our stores, they're converting from more of a browser to a shopper. And so it's still very, very early, but we like what we see in some of those early-cycle stores. And so at this stage, we're just encouraged by the fact that they're performing better against most revised, revised forecast. 
Gregg Steinhafel: Great. Well, that concludes Target's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you, all, for your participation. 
