Dan Binder: Good morning and welcome to Walmart's 2021 Investment Community Meeting. Thank you all for joining us on the webcast. We appreciate your interest in Walmart. I know the executive team looks forward to sharing their strategies with you and answering your questions. Now, let me get a few of our usual statements out of the way. The information presented at today's meeting should be viewed in conjunction with our press release and earnings materials that can be found on our website, stock.walmart.com. The presentations will also be posted on our website as they are completed. Today's presentations include forward-looking statements that are subject to future events and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. Please reference our entire Safe Harbor statement and non-GAAP reconciliations which are included with our earnings materials on our website, stock.walmart.com. Hopefully, you've had a chance to review our earnings materials and guidance issued this morning. You can see today's agenda on your screen, and in a moment Doug McMillon, Walmart's President and CEO will share some initial thoughts with you about our culture, our people and our opportunities. And then he'll be back to discuss Walmart's strategic objectives after you hear from our CFO, Brett Biggs. Brett will discuss Q4 results and fiscal year 2022 guidance and then we'll conduct our first of two Q&A sessions today. We'll have a brief 10 minute break following the Q&A session and then you will hear from several other leaders who will discuss our priorities and strategies across the business. Following these presentations, we will have another brief break and then we will conduct our second Q&A session. And at the end of that session, our formal meeting will conclude. With that, let's get things started.
Dan Binder: Great. Thank you, Peter. We will go to Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank next, and then Karen Short after that.
Dan Binder: Thank you, Paul. Next, we will go to Karen Short with Barclays, and then to Simeon Gutman after that.
Dan Binder: Thank you, Karen. Next, we will go to Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley and then we will go to Bob Drbul with Guggenheim.
Dan Binder: Thanks, Simeon. Next, we will go to Bob Drbul with Guggenheim, and then to Steph Wissink with Jefferies following that.
Dan Binder: Thanks, Steph. Let's go to Michael Lasser with UBS next and then Robbie Ohmes after that. You have to unmute, Michael.
Dan Binder: Thanks Robbie. We've got time for just one more question. We will go to Kelly Bania with BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Binder: Thanks, Kelly. So that wraps up our first Q&A session. We are going to take a brief 10 minute break and then we will resume our program. Thank you.
Dan Binder: Thank you for joining our second Q&A session today. Just as a reminder, please unmute your Zoom when we call on you. With that, we will go to our first question from Oliver Chen with Cowen. And from there we will go to Ed Yruma at KeyBanc.
Dan Binder: Thanks, Greg. Next we will go to Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett, and then to Chris Horvers with J.P. Morgan after that.
Brett Biggs: Yes. Peter, thanks. I will kick off. So on capital, as I mentioned in my remarks earlier, we're going to lean into the places that we're going -- that we've talked about from a strategic standpoint really for several years, but definitely this morning. So we are leaning more particularly on supply chain and eCommerce. Peter, you've been following the company for a long time, if you go back several years, we were spending 50%, 60% or more of capital on new stores. Now that's turning toward ensuring we have the right amount of capacity we need to fulfill the customers' desires as much as the way that they want to be fulfilled, but then also getting it to customers more quickly. Those are the kind of things that we're going to be focused on. And innovation, there're so many things that are going on from innovation standpoint in supply chain, and we've been on the front edge of that, Doug, and thinking about how we get pallets to the stores and how we make it easier to pick in the backrooms. And those are the kind of things over the next few years where you're going to continue to see us lean in, and globally, not just in the U.S.
Brett Biggs: Yes. Paul, it's good to see you. You almost answered your question as that's how you're asking the question. As we were talking through, as you can imagine, we're talking through wanting to give guidance this year because it's -- we want to give you the best view that we have right now, knowing everything that we know. But we know less than we typically do in a normal year about what's going to happen with the vaccine, what's going to happen with economies, what's going to happen in other parts of what's going on. So, we've tried to raise up the guidance a little bit and to be fair to give you just a -- give you a little more high level guidance than we have, and so, getting to the individual pieces and talking about any of those specifics would be pretty challenging. But if you look at even the top line guidance, we've given you as close as we can without divestitures or excluding divestitures, so we're trying to give you apples-to-apples. And so, with that, we think low single-digit growth for the company and Walmart U.S. is possible. You got stimulus plans and other things that are sitting out there. But even with that, Walmart U.S. would have a 10% to your stack. So, it would be very, very healthy growth. Same thing on the EPS and operating income. We're trying to give you apples-to-apples as if Asda in Japan and all that are still in the business, obviously there's not, and there will be an impact top line and bottom line from that. I know you appreciate the situation that all of us are in with COVID and we wanted to give you as good as guidance as we could right now.
Brett Biggs: Sure. I will walk you through that. So, on the EPS, you're correct, the $0.20 that we talked about is related to Asda. There will still be a little bit of impact from Japan because that is accretive as well, assuming we get that transaction closed in the next few weeks. But the way you did your math would be accurate. On the U.S., there's a lot changing in the P&L and one of the things over the last several years is we've had gross margin that has decreased fairly significantly as we've invested in price and done other things. Now, as we have price gaps in a pretty good position certainly versus where they were years ago; the way that we're able to move product, we're getting efficiencies there, the new income streams that you see us having; the general merchandise business, which is improved, that's helps mix; eCommerce contribution margin, that continues to prove, all of that helps gross margin. So in the past where you're starting with gross margin going down fairly significantly at times, that's really not the case probably as we look forward. So on the expense side, do you have increased wages, but you also had significant COVID costs this year and other things that hit the expense line. But when you balance all of that out and again, Karen, we are giving you the best view that we can, we do think that Walmart U.S. can continue to grow operating income, but there's just a lot of things inside of that.
Brett Biggs: And the additional revenue streams that we've been talking about, we will talk about even more this morning, advertising, financial services, marketplace, those things that really weren't large businesses at all, they're growing and they're scaling and they're becoming a bigger part of the Walmart U.S. P&L. So that's a positive. Thank you.
Brett Biggs: Yes, Simeon, the way you think about the profit algorithm is right. And I said in my comments that this company looks pretty different than 5 years ago and 5 years from now it's going to look different again. And the comment I made in the remarks was that I do think operating income should grow faster than sales. And as an executive team, as we talk through these investments, when making these investments that's what we think we should do. And when you look at the -- our ability to generate revenue and profit in different ways, if you look at general merchandise business that's growing and changes the mix, as you look at contribution margins in eCommerce changing, all of that lead you to believe that operating income can grow faster than sales in the mid to long-term, and that's what we expect to do as a company.
Brett Biggs: Yes, on price I said our price gap's early as good as they've been, in some cases higher than they've been. We are going to continue to be the price leader in markets; it's really important to what we do. It's important to our customers and it's part of who we are as a company. But we're going to be thoughtful about it. We're going to be strategic about it. We want you to come in, and as a customer, as you get a basket from Walmart we want that to be the best deal you can get as a customer. That's who we are in EDLP.
Brett Biggs: Yes, and your question on capital obviously is a good one. We just announced the $20 billion share buyback today that we think we will execute over the next three years or so. We are in an enviable cash position because of the cash we generated because of the execution now of the Asda transaction and cash coming in. It's okay to think to hold a little more cash right now. We are -- we always look at share buyback. The first thing we want to do, Bob, and you've seen this more is we want to invest in the business. That's the first thing we always want to do and I think we're doing that to the extent that we feel like we need to, to execute our strategy. Our dividend, we just increased it 48 years in a row. And then you get down kind of to share buyback, I feel good about our company. I feel great about the valuation of the company. And so you will continue to see us, as you can tell by what I said this morning, pretty aggressive from a share buyback standpoint.
Brett Biggs: Yes, the construct of the P&L, as you can imagine is pretty near and dear to my heart and it's been fun to go through the last several months with the executive team. And again, I said in my comments, even so it's been as long as I have, you have to step back and realize how many levers we have to pull as a company. And now, we're in higher growth markets in International and we're investing in eCommerce and exciting things in International. We're growing Sam's. There's all these levers that we can pull. And the good thing about that is that there may be a year we pull this lever, or maybe a year we pull a different lever or maybe a quarter we pull a lever, a quarter we pull another lever, but it all works. When you look longer term, where we are really trying to control our own destiny is really important as we've been focused on operating discipline on the expense side and we've made progress in that regard and I still think that's going to happen longer term; I feel very confident about that. These new revenue streams are growing revenue streams, and profit streams are a big part as well of giving us a different way to make money that just frees up even more levers and gives the company more optionality, which is so important. We talked about sales growth of being over 4% into the future. That helps a lot with every data point when you get sales growing like that, because even at the same operating -- operating margin percentage, you can just grow dollars and that's really what the productivity loop is all about.
Brett Biggs: But that -- if these things come together, the way that we believe they will and way we've planned them, it does give opportunity for that operating margin to grow over time.
Brett Biggs: And one thing too, Michael, if you think about now the International markets that we are in, they are for the most part higher growth markets than the total that we've had over the last several years. So that that helps as well.
Brett Biggs: Yes, it's -- Robbie, we've talked about several things over the past few years, several things we look at when we look at that eCommerce P&L, which is a very integrated part of the U.S P&L. When we look at contribution margin, and that's improved this year, it's improved the years before that and so that's a big reason of why we've seen losses reduced in the U.S eCommerce business. But also on the logistics side, the cost to ship, the variable cost to ship has continued to improve. And these investments are there -- I would answer yes to all of what you just asked, as they are there to drive revenue, they're there to drive efficiencies, they're there to drive better customer service or customer experience. It's all of that, and that's what's great about these investments is they're just -- there's all of the pieces that we need from the eCommerce business that fulfills that.
Brett Biggs: Yes, there's a lot in that in those questions, Kelly. We -- as you look at the profitability increase in Walmart U.S., particularly this last year there was so many pieces of that. There is improvement, obviously, 8.6% comp sales helped a lot all the way down the P&L. Gross margin rates with improvement in mix, as Doug was talking about, general merchandise with a lot of increased costs, over $4 billion in costs globally as a company related to COVID. So it's a little tough to parse out all of that. And the eCommerce business is becoming even a more integrated part of what we are doing in the stores. But eCommerce losses did improve significantly during the year. As we think about going forward, what I had said in my remarks is that we expected $100 billion in global eCommerce over the next couple years and could see $200 billion a few years after that. All of these -- I mean, going to go back to the comment I made about levers, and we certainly think about and we know the pieces of the business and what the profitability of is each one, and that's important. But we are looking at that total and how do we grow the total. Hence, we wouldn't be going into these businesses, any of these businesses if we didn't think they were going to be profitable long-term. But each business serves a purpose and it serves potentially a different purpose at a different time. So all of this goes into how we think about our financial algorithm. But having that 4% top line growth, having operating income grow faster than sales, that's the algorithm. How we get there it can change over time, and I think that's great that it can change over time, that we have that flexibility to do that.
Brett Biggs: I'm glad you picked up on my excitement, Greg. And actually the question you asked is why I'm excited and very optimistic about what we can do as a company, because when we look at where we want the company to be financially, 2 years from now, 3 years from now, 5 years from now, there's a lot of different ways to get there. It doesn't have to take one track and that's what's so important with the other income areas that are growing significantly, Judith just mentioned International growth being more significant than it's been in the past. There's so many initiatives going on at Sam's Club that are driving sales and profit and membership. And then go to John's area, and there's so many things from talking about, again, the new revenue streams but also the general merchandise business, marketplace, and there's just a lot of ways to get to the place we want to be. Greg, if I go back several years ago, maybe that wasn't quite the case. I just like the optionality that we have as a company. I think it's -- it just opens up opportunities for us.
Brett Biggs: Yes. I will kick off, Chuck. Good to see you. So what we tried to do with guidance this morning, we said we are trying to give you best view we can given what we know is pull you up a little bit to a higher level. As we get down into the individual pieces of that guidance, there's a lot of different things that could happen in the year and how quickly do the vaccines take over and how quickly do we need to continue the cleaning and maintenance that we are doing that will continue for some time, we know that. So out of the $4 billion, there was a number of one-time bonuses that obviously is in that number and then there is a run rate in there. So, we do have a run rate going forward, obviously we have run rate on wages, getting into the details of that is not something that we are prepared to do this morning. But it's taking all of that, and looking at the variables that could cause one to go up, one to go down and then just looking at the most likely scenario and that's what we feel like we gave you this morning on sales and profit and breaking it down further in that, just we are trying to do that this morning.
Brett Biggs: Yes, Chris. Good to see. As you think about the 4% given the size of the business in US, you're not going to get to that number with pretty good growth in the U.S and you're seeing a lot of the capital that we're putting forward in fulfillment, innovation, automation, making sure that we can grow the top line in the U.S as quickly as we can. That's what we want to do. But having said that, International still being a big part of the business and having now a higher growth mix inside of International, that also helps as well. On the profit side, as I said this morning, we expect over time to grow operating income faster in the sales and that’s what you should expect from us as investors. There is a lot of different ways to do that. One of the things that I believe will look a little different going forward is the pieces on gross margin and higher margin businesses, these evolving and growing new businesses we have higher margin mixes, general merchandise business getting stronger, helps mix that out as well as our contribution margin gets better in eCommerce that helps us well. So it's all these pieces starting to come together that gives us the opportunity to grow operating income faster than sales, which has been a little different than we've been in the past few years.
Brett Biggs: Yes. So as we said, that's been moving definitely in the right direction. We reduced losses this year significantly in the eCommerce business. And it's such an integrated part of our business. You did not miss it. We did not give guidance going forward on that. But you can imagine with the growth and profit algorithm that we laid out this morning, without continued progress in that, it would be tough to grow operating income faster than sales. So that should give you some indication of -- we assume that progress will continue.
Doug McMillon: Yes. Good morning, Peter. I will just add that I'm really excited that we're now to the point where we can invest in some of this automation. I know you've been following us closely. We've been working on this for a while. And now we've got these various forms, distribution center technology, fulfillment center technology, store level market fulfillment center technology that we can start to really scale. And that will take a few years to roll that out, but we like the customer experience benefits, we like the productivity improvements that we're going to see. And this year just really fast-forwarded things in terms of customer behavior. We think the vast majority of that behavior is going to last. And it's terrific that the automation we've been working on is now ready. Maybe if anything I wish it'd been ready a year ago, but at least we're there now and we can get going on it. So, I'm really excited about that. As it relates to associate wages, the approach that we have been trying to take for years now is to make sure that we are creating this ladder of opportunity, providing an opportunity for people when they start with the company to build a career, like so many of us have. And so, the investments that we're making right now are aimed at this new structure that we put in place. It's even more of a team approach to getting the work done across the store that needs to get done. Obviously, picking in the store has become really important. Managing inventory is obviously really important. And this new structure is going to help us do those things more effectively. And those people that we are raising wages for tend to have been with us for a longer period of time than someone that might be earning the entry wage. And so, we're trying to move that average up, create that ladder, and continue to have associates that come through our system and become store managers. We've got about 75% of our store management that starts as hourlies. The alternative would be to invest all of that to try and get to $15 faster, but if we do that, then we wouldn't be able to create this succession that we're committed to creating. We will raise our starting wage rate over time, and I think our history proves that. I mean, we've gone since 2015 from $9 to $10 to $11, we are up over 50% in our starting wage rate. And we will be sensitive to geographies, on their parts of the country where the starting wage should be lower than others and we're obviously really well aware of what's happening nationally with this discussion around $15. And I think that that’s an important target, but I also think that that should be paced in a way that's good for the U.S economy. And you can kind of see us as a model working through how that works. But, I'm really excited to raise the wages today for so many people.
Doug McMillon: As it relates to U.S growth, Paul, obviously there's a lot of variance week-to-week, month-to-month, quarter-to- quarter, and I'm sure every retailer, and we certainly did, kept a really good diary about what was happening every day as we went through that year. And just looking back on all the things that happened even in February and March a year ago is a long list of activities, things that occurred in the environment and decisions that we made. Many of those decisions restricted sales in our stores. We changed hours. We metered how many people could be in the store. And obviously, we were hit hard from an in-stock point of view. Normally, it's a great thing to have inventory turns and we were managing our supply chain well, but we didn't have these huge stockpiles sitting to the side for the surges that we saw on things like consumables. So, I would never seen anything like what happened in our stores as we went through the year. And it was a real challenge for our associates, our store managers, our assistant managers, our associates deserve so much credit for being able to adapt. Some of them were on leave. We had people join the company. We hired over 0.5 million people during the course of last year to help fill in for those on leave and to react to the additional demand that we had for pick and delivery. So, imagine being a store manager dealing with a lot of associates without much experience. So, we've got all these things underneath the surface; in-stock, store hours, associates that were less experienced. All of those factors cause us to think. If things continue to improve, the vaccine roll-out continues, people start to come back out, people will come back to Walmart that may have been shopping locally because they were trying to manage the COVID situation carefully. We've talked about our market shares as we've gone through the year. We think we've got an opportunity in food and consumables to grow market share this next year. So, those are the kinds of things that cause us to feel like it's appropriate to forecast that increase in sales and then go earn it. There will be a lot of volatility quarter-by-quarter and we will just do the best job we can, Paul, of explaining what we're seeing as we go through it.
Doug McMillon: It's helpful to have the eCommerce improvements that we saw. Brett mentioned the contribution profit improvement. That's driven through apparel and home mix and other things, including the fact that we finally put our merchant teams together. And John and Marc worked really well with the merchants, Scott McCall and others, to help people come on board and take on that additional responsibility in a way that's been helpful. And then, the volume growth leverages fixed costs in a different way. So as you've heard over and over again, a lot of things just got fast-forwarded and changed and changed the shape of what we're looking at.
Doug McMillon: When you think about why not more, the two pieces that go through my mind are the automation investments and then the wage investment. On the automation side, I think we're going as quickly and as aggressively as we can and should go. These things will take some time. If we find that it's working really well and we can go faster, I'm going to be in the camp of wanting to go faster, because this looks like it's going be really great for our supply chain, great for customers, great for the company from a financial point of view. On the wage side, we've been on a path, we've got a strategy, we've got a plan, and we are executing that plan. And you'll just see us continue to make investments at the right time we think in the right levels while also investing in automation to help with productivity. We are trying to play a harmony here and balance these things together. And one things I'm excited about, by the way, is that as we've been changing, we've been able to add a lot of jobs, which I think is great. It's great for the economy. It's great for people to have employment. And automation historically tends to change work and create new opportunities. And I think that's what we're seeing. I mean, a number of people that we've hired to pick orders in stores and a number of people that we will need to run the automation investments that we are making, there's going to be opportunity for folks. And we are trying to craft this whole approach with not only hourly wages, but what we do with benefits and incentives, what we do with health care, what we do with 401(k) match and all of those things to retain people in a way that you get the highest level of productivity, because people are brought in on what the company is doing. So we think we are doing this strategically at the right pace, as it relates to the wage investments. So I think the one place where we could go faster if it all works is automation, and it is a pull forward. We were planning on doing these things. I think two things happened. One is the pandemic changed behavior faster than we would have had in our model. And then, secondly, it just so happens that two or three of these kind of came together in a way that they're ready to be scaled at the same time, and that's great.
Doug McMillon: Absolutely. We want that to happen. We think that will happen. We've got a path to make that happen. And it's cool that it's happening in a different way that's sustainable and more digital in nature. I mean, we've become more of a digital company, and that's important in the way that customers live and work and behave these days and the way you can stitch things together. I remember growing up watching other retailers, Sears comes to mind, that diversified, and learning in business school, that there were mistakes made. And looking at what's happening today and what we are trying to do, the thing that's different is technology, the internet is different, digital is different, the way you can stitch these things together is different. And when I look at the flywheel that we showed you a few minutes ago, I get really excited about the arrows that connect the dots. If we can design these things in a way that we become more of a default for certain aspects of their life because of the way we've intuitively designed things, that’s where the magic can really happen. And that is possible today because of digital and technology when it wasn't years ago.
Doug McMillon: CFOs don't get excited very often, but as I see this business model shaping up, it is really exciting. It's a really different look to the company, that’s great.
Doug McMillon: Well, Bob, if we were ready to talk about that, we would have gone ahead and told you that that's what we were planning. But it's obvious that is as you put the customer in the middle, you put families in the middle, and you think about the opportunity you have, if you're the one selling them the items they buy all the time and serving up the items that they might love to discover, it just creates all kinds of opportunity. I think financial services as a suite is one example. Health care leads you in a lot of different places. The idea that we could help people with health care in a way that makes health care in the country more preventative, certainly high quality, affordable, accessible is something that I think not only opens us up to all of the industries that make up health care, but also helps with the overall relationship in the way that people think about Walmart, and that could lead us into a lot of different directions. The other one that comes to mind that was on our list but we didn't talk a lot about it is data monetization. Data is obviously really valuable and we've got a history of giving our data away to suppliers and doing that so that we could get in-stock and that's obviously really important and some portions of our data will continue to be free because we need their help serving our mutual customers. But there are other aspects of our data that are really valuable and can be put to work in ways that we haven't before. And the concept of building products, digital products that we can use internally and also monetize outside is a really exciting prospect. And some of those things will be purely digital, some will be a combination of people plus digital. Think of last mile, for example, this advantage that we have with supercenters so close to people can be monetized in ways that we haven't before, because the speed it provides and the relationship that it provides. So, I think in future years just as we did today, we will show you this evolving business model and show you new things. And in some cases we may tell you, this one didn't work, we are taking it off, we're adding this one on, and I think that's how it should be frankly. Go ahead Bob, we still see you.
Doug McMillon: Yes, I will just add that John and Scott and the team are thinking about rollbacks. I mean, there are going to be times this year that it would be difficult for families and we've got this history of creating rollbacks and lowering prices, and some of those plans are in place with the guidance that we gave you earlier today.
Doug McMillon: Yes. I will go first on primary destination. The Supercenter does a great job of doing that. And I always think of what it was like when I was a teenager and my mom was headed out the door and she would say, I'm going to Walmart, what do you need? I didn't really think about it then, but looking back on it now, the fact that she didn't say I'm going shopping, or I'm going to a grocery store what you need, she said I'm going to Walmart. And she bought everything that we could possibly buy at Walmart, and so many Americans and people around the world do that today and that's obviously really important. But we didn't get that done in eCommerce in early stages. We weren't the first place you go when it's time to buy products online. We are trying to change that obviously. You've got to earn that; you've got to have the assortment, you got to have the price, you got to provide service, you got to deliver when you're supposed to deliver. All of those things have to be done. And it takes some time to build those kinds of capabilities. But as we are building that, the opportunity we have is in the way that we put them together. And if the combination of the Supercenter stores, neighborhood markets, in some cases Sam's Club and the Internet can cause Walmart in the omni-channel future to continue to be a primary destination, that's obviously the number one thing that we want to get done and that's a priority for us. Once you have that, and that doesn't mean it's just food and consumables, people are buying a lot of hard lines or buying general merchandise. Our general merchandise share went up this past year, driven largely by what was happening in stores. eCommerce obviously grew at a higher rate, but the store volume was amazing. If we can get that done, it opens up all these other opportunities with the flywheel as we were discussing earlier. Walmart+ is a component of that plan. But the number one aspect of the three dimensions we've got today for Walmart+ is the delivery of items from our supercenters. eCommerce deliveries are important, but the supercenter perishable assortment is obviously really important. And we've got a limit on how much we can pick and deliver from stores. The automation that we're investing in will help change that. And the other capacity choices that we're making will help unlock that, which will enable Walmart+ to grow more. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves and go sell too many Walmart+ memberships and have a customer experience that is less than our expectation, or their expectation. So Net Promoter Score is a key metric for example that we keep our eye on. So Walmart+ will grow, and there may be some things that we add to it over time that are more digital in nature that enable even more membership growth. But when I think about Walmart+, the thing that I'm focused on most is the Net Promoter Score of a Walmart+ member, not the number of memberships that we're selling. The number of memberships will work out, but let's focus on quality as we start to scale it. Walmart+ then unlocks data that we can use to serve up items for customers more effectively, which helps us with margin mix. So, that's important and something that over time will matter to the company. We are not great at that today. It's a skill we are learning. I mean, I think in the future it will be even more important to the company.
Doug McMillon: Yes, there was a time when I think a lot of people thought, given our scale that we could only grow 1% or 2%. And even before the pandemic, we had proven that was not the case. I mean if you do what customers want you to do, you can grow the top-line and then you can manage the bottom line. So we think what we've put in place the last few years, I'm really confident will help us for a generation. And that's what we are out to do. We are out to position the company for the next generation of retail. And we think because of omni-channel and because of our culture and because of our progress in technology and mindset shift that we've got the opportunity to do that. And we will manage the short-term, but we are building for the long-term.
Doug McMillon: And some of those things are scaling now. So as we talk about fulfillment services and advertising and some of these other things, 2 years ago we were just getting started, or 18 months ago. I think PhonePe is only 4 or 5 years old. I mean, some of the numbers Judith was covering is like, really, it reached that scale in like 4 years? Four years ago, we weren't even talking that much about a pickup business, which is huge today, right. So when I look at our situation, our flywheel, I don't feel like there is anything speculative in it. We've got traction on these things. It's just that they're smaller, but the ability to grow them seems apparent that we just execute and we can execute. Thanks, Steph.
Doug McMillon: Yes. I think the wage investment will pay off and if you're one of those 400,000 people that we are talking about today, your attitude about Walmart the way you're feeling today is different, and we're asking them to do work in a different way. We are asking our associates to adapt, and I think the investments we are making in them correspond to that. So I do expect a nice return from those investments. It will help with retention. It will help with them able to do their jobs at a really high level of productivity. I am a little distracted by Michael's lack of inability to shave and I'm worried about our razor sales. I'm sorry, I could not get that thought out of the mind.
Doug McMillon: It's a challenge to do all this virtually. As it relates to the 4% growth, we just have a lot of opportunity with eCommerce. We are not good at it yet. I mean, we are adding assortment, we are adding brands. Things are scaling, the marketplace is scaling nicely. We need more investment and capacity to have the fulfillment service achieve its potential and serve customers as well, as ultimately we must. So, yes, I think the investments that we are making are going to create upside, which should translate into not just keeping up with market growth, but exceeding market growth, building on the other relationships we have with customers including the one that's most important right now, which is the one in our stores.
Doug McMillon: Yes, there's some room, and we will manage the year as we can go through it as best we can. We've got -- as Brett and I talk about all these levers all the time, and gross margin is one of them. But I wouldn't want to do anything, Michael that harms the business or slows down the strategy beyond this coming year. I think we are going to be fine this coming year and we’ve done the best job we can of describing to you what we see. But we are -- the decisions we are talking about mostly today are not aimed at the next 12 months; they're aimed at the next few years. And we won't lose sight of that. We will stay on track as it relates to those kinds of things.
Doug McMillon: Yes. I think as it relates to advertising, Robbie, we've got a unique opportunity because of our stores. We've got all of the things available to us related to eCommerce growth and digital growth. And the reporting we provide for the investors in our advertising program is there. And we can show you that down the road if a customer decides to come into a physical store, our store and buy it, we can connect those dots for you. That's the unique proposition of our advertising program. And we just haven't been that aggressive with our site and app. We want to preserve the customer experience when they're looking for an item and not have ads clutter that up in a way that is going to detract from the experience. So, we are going to manage that as we drive the growth up. But as I mentioned before, there's just a ton of traction there. What’s happening with social commerce is exciting. It's been nice to have assets around the world including in China to learn from how people are behaving as it relates to social commerce. And we think we've got an opportunity to partner in different ways with different people to connect the dots on commerce, because sometimes a marketplace approach to a front-end that's driven by advertising doesn't result in the best customer experience because of lack of fulfillment or other components that make up a great, seamless, fast, simple experience. The TikTok live stream that we tried I think attracted 700,000 people and that happened kind of quick, and I think we can do an even better job of bringing attention to events like that when we want to. And so the team is learning and it will -- I think in 6 months, 12 months, we will look back on social commerce and we will see more traction and we will see Walmart playing a role in that. In some cases that will be just a simple partnership and we will work out the terms of that partnership and that’s what I think you can expect from us as it relates to that. There is a connection back to advertising, where I think our mindset needs to be, we are retailer first, commerce first, serve the customer first and all these other things that flow from that, including the monetization of data and advertising will be secondary and tertiary to the number one thing.
Doug McMillon: I mean, the first party contribution profit got better and then marketplace scaled, which helps blend the whole thing together. And Robbie, it's kind of reminiscent of how we’ve managed mix back when I learned merchandising to begin with, we had items that we made higher margins on and items we made lower margins on. Today, we are just doing the same thing. It's mix management, but we not only manage category mix, but we manage channel mix with one 1P, 3P all the components that we are talking about which I think is helpful as it relates to our structure now. The omni-channel approach gives people an opportunity to manage things across, and that's how they should be managed.
Doug McMillon: Thanks, Kath. Now let's talk technology. I'm joined by Suresh Kumar, our Chief Technology and Development Officer. I know many of you had a chance to meet him at last year's meeting. He has been busy. He and his team are leading the effort to modernize our tech stack, put our data to work and build new capabilities and income streams. Suresh, last year we shared our plan to modernize our tech stack. Please tell everyone about our progress.
Doug McMillon: It sure is. Suresh, thank you for everything your team is doing. Thank you for the momentum that you're building. We covered a lot today. Thank you for your time and attention. Our focus is on our customers, on people, on the families we serve. And we are excited about getting even more aggressive. We have a strong, deep team and we will execute. We will strengthen this company in a way that benefits a lot of people for a long time to come. Now, we would like to give you a 5-minute break to grab a coffee and stretch your legs and when we come back, we will have a Q&A session that will include Brett, John, Judith, and Kath. Thank you all.
Doug McMillon: As it relates to edge compute, Oliver, this year's focus was on increasing the pie for the bandwidth into a lot of our stores because we imagine future use cases along the lines of what's Suresh talked about just a few minutes ago with an app that you can hold up and see which merchandise to pull forward. We will use handhelds for that for a period of time someday we may have wearables and we can imagine other enterprise users in addition to that example. And there may be excess capacity to monetize on top of that, we will just have to see how much we need ourselves.
Doug McMillon: John, I might kick it off just by saying we made a deliberate choice years ago to focus on pickup in the U.S before focusing on delivery. We were doing delivery in the U.K and other markets, and Judith, we we're learning a lot from what Asda had done with delivery. But in the U.S., we thought, based on how large the country is and how people like to drive their cars and they do drive throughs for food and banks and everything else that we had the opportunity to really focus on pickup for a few years, which was obviously advantageous to us economically and those capabilities which we couldn't pay software from Asda to get started, which is great, those capabilities, actually, John, worthy unlock to productivity for delivery, which you're building on now.
Doug McMillon: The fact that we've attracted more new customers with the pickup and delivery services is also helpful. I think, there are a lot of folks who weren't shopping Walmart in the stores that once those services were available, they were excited to take advantage of them and try them and Kath that include Sam's Club where this year you've added a lot more curbside capacity.
Doug McMillon: I think, it's one of the drivers of membership growth, the fact that people could take advantage of Sam's without coming into building during the pandemic.
Doug McMillon: Greg, like we do with our private fleet there are loads that we want to move. There are times when we use third parties to move those. I think, there'll be a hybrid approach here. Some mix of our assets and a whole lot of relationships with others to build out the entire network.
Doug McMillon: So, there's a lot of effort and -- time and attention into how we can help scale that effort. I think John, we are maybe 22 states last week, you might talk a little bit about vaccinations and the role we're playing as you talk about categories.
Doug McMillon: I think financial services is core. And we've got a great opportunity in India. We've had a financial services business obviously in the U.S., Mexico, Canada, other places. And it's so integral to commerce and create so many different use cases and opportunities to deepen the relationship with the customers save the money, which we've done well over time, but it's been more store-centric than what the future will look like. And because we want PhonePe to be focused on India primarily, we've taken a different approach in the U.S. John, you might elaborate more on it.
Doug McMillon: … even more than ever. So we are -- I think Brett's done a nice job explaining it today, all these different pieces and variables. And we look at it holistically. And as we've shared before, we've got a cadence that we work through to manage the financials to decide where we're going to step on the gas, where we're going to be more conservative. The eComm P&L we won't lose sight of. We will still track obviously GMV sales, contribution profit by category, the fixed costs. We've got great visibility into that. But the customer relationship pulls stores and eComm together. And generally speaking, we are thinking about this as a holistic in omni business, not in silos anymore.
Doug McMillon: Yes, I'll just close by saying thank you. I mean, we know so many of you and appreciate the time and attention you pay to the company. Hopefully, most of you are aligned with our view. We are building this for the long-term, we are going to manage the short-term. There have been times these past few quarters where we've been able to have a positive surprise to the upside. We are going to go to work. We are going to execute. We are going to build for the long-term and manage the short-term as we go and you guys can give us feedback and hold us accountable based on the actual results. So we will get back to work. Hopefully, we will see a little bit of a warmer temperature around this part of the world and get a lot of our stores back open and get customers back in them and build from there. Thank you all.
Kalyan Krishnamurthy: Judith, India has roughly 1.4 billion people today. 34% of the population are millennials, young people. By 2030, there is an estimate that this young population of millennials and GenZ will be 75% of the total population. 700 million Indians are digital today. And I also want to just quickly acknowledge that Digital India vision of the Government of India, which has actually enabled this. So you have a unique combination of a big market, completely digital, getting wealthier and very young. Let me just quickly talk about the eCommerce opportunity also in India, which is a result of the Digital India vision. A few years back, there was an estimate that by 2025 the eCommerce market size in India will be $50 billion to $60 billion. I just read a report from consulting firm Bain & Company that by 2025, the latest estimate is actually $90 billion to $100 billion. That is the real opportunity we are looking at in India today.
Kalyan Krishnamurthy: Judith, let me just first give a headline on Flipkart. We are a company built by Indians for Indian consumers. Roughly 300 million customers shopping 150 million product listings across 80 categories. We are the leading product marketplace in India today. Flipkart is known for local innovation. If you just look at the last 7 to 8 years in commerce in India, in general, I would say, a huge number of innovations across commerce in the last several years have come from Flipkart. And Judith, this is not just in one area. When you open the Flipkart app to shop, everything you'll there -- see there. Just the access, searching for products, digital payments and the way you receive products, everything is innovated for the local Indian consumer. That's what Flipkart is all about. Very quickly, just talking about some innovations, which we are very proud of, which just happened in the last couple of years. Flipkart today offers five native languages in which you can actually get access to the product catalog of Flipkart. We recently also launched voice-enabled shopping, which is very unique in India today. So these are some of the big innovations which we've done in the last few years, Judith.
Kalyan Krishnamurthy: Absolutely, Judith. I think what people see in the world when they open the Flipkart app, it's just an app with a lot of products there. But behind the scenes, there is a few things which is really enabling all of this. First is, talent. We are so proud of having the best of best talent in India. Actually our engineering talent, technology talent is actually a global talent sitting in India. Outside of that, if you just look at the top investment areas for Flipkart in the last few years which will actually continue into the next few years will be in technology and infrastructure, supply chain through Ekart, which is among the largest consumer supply chains in India today.
Kalyan Krishnamurthy: Sure, Judith. It's a great question. While 2020 saw great customer adoption, we saw an acceleration in the business, but it was actually not about the business in 2020. It was all about safety and partnerships. And once again, we were really inspired by the Government of India. They are the ones who initiated this trade-off in favor of safety. We worked with our employees, our ecosystem partners and invested heavily in safety. And this is not just financial investments, infrastructure investments, education to all our ecosystem partners and employees on safety. Second is, we over indexed on partnerships. We were very clear quite beginning -- in the beginning of the year itself that in a pandemic like this, actually it will be easier for bigger companies to pull this through, but smaller partners, ecosystem partners of Flipkart will actually find it quite difficult to get on the other side of this. So we invested in partnerships in a big way. We once again invested not just financially, we actually listened to them, spoke to them and understood what they really wanted. So it was a big year for partnerships. To your specific question, we absolutely saw an acceleration in customer adoption. Customer is at the core of Flipkart, and that's the way it has been for the last several years. In the beginning of the year, we saw several new insights come up for Flipkart customer insights and we saw some new trends emerging which was not there before. The meaning of the essential categories people were shopping for was evolving very rapidly. So once again, we worked with our seller partners to make sure that we’ve the right selection for the consumers which is evolving in 2020. So that was another big priority. Finally, we also used this opportunity to actually completely rearchitect our financials. I would summarize 2020 as a year when we got closer to our seller partners, closer to our consumers, a more clustered employee brand, and finally, more financially prudent.
Kalyan Krishnamurthy: Sure, Judith. Actually, once again, just mentioning the point I mentioned before. We are very, very good at listening to our customers. That's the core of Flipkart. And one big insight which we’ve seen in the last few years is that India as an eCommerce market is evolving from trial list consumers to loyal consumers. So one of the biggest challenges we've taken on ourselves is how to have a very strong value proposition for our loyalty program. So Flipkart+, which is a very uniquely local loyalty program is one very big priority. Second is grocery as a category is something where we want to strengthen our value proposition, especially partnering with the roughly million kirana partners we already have in our ecosystem. Fashion is a very big category in India, underpenetrated digitally. So we want to actually capitalize on that opportunity. And finally, as I mentioned before, technology and infrastructure will be two very big investment areas next year and going forward. We are also experimenting with more and more revenue models. For example, continuous investments in our advertising platform, which is among the top five advertising platforms in India today. Overall, Judith, I would summarize Flipkart and India as a big, big opportunity ahead of us. Of course, there are challenges, but we are up for the challenges.
Judith McKenna: It sounds fantastic. Thank you so much for joining us today. I'm really excited about what the future Flipkart looks like. And huge thank you to you and the team for everything that you've been doing through 2020 and are going to do in the years to come.
Judith McKenna: Thank you, Sameer. The team are doing some truly amazing work. So finally, let me reemphasize our key takeaways for International. Firstly, the shape of our portfolio is changing and we are focusing our resources on markets where we see the greatest opportunity for long-term, sustainable and profitable growth; strong local businesses powered by Walmart. Secondly, Walmart International has a unique global footprint and is able to move with speed, thanks to our access to innovation around the world. And finally, the flywheel applies no matter the shape or nature of our businesses. Building an ecosystem of mutually reinforcing assets with the customer at the center is our path to win the future of retail across International. Now I’m delighted to have the opportunity to introduce Kath McLay, CEO of Sam's Club U.S. to talk about the Sam's Club format, which has also been a real powerhouse for us in International. I want to personally thank her and her team for the knowledge and learnings they continue to share about Sam's Club across our business. Over to you, Kath.
Judith McKenna: Yes. So, hi there. I think that the leverage from India is really understanding how they're building out that ecosystem. We are starting to really see the difference that they're making for India in the way that they're joining together different bits of the platform that they've got and building out a flywheel albeit different to the flywheel that John described for the U.S. We've got some interesting things happening. They're building out our tech, for example, as well. Now, that is a developing market, so slightly different to the U.S., but we're just about to start a trial in our Chile business using the Flipkart Ad Tech app, which is really helpful to a similar kind of market to be able to trial out two benefits to that. The first is, of course, Chile benefits from that, but secondly Flipkart learn how to produce commercial-grade tech which potentially might have a future for them as well. So, we learn a lot, it's not just about the tech, but about how they approach things, and about how they're building out a broader flywheel as well.
Judith McKenna: Yes. So we rolled it out across the whole network in June and have seen it successfully grow week on week ever since then. I'm excited to kind of explore how we can leverage synergies with Walmart from a delivery perspective, moving into the next year.
Judith McKenna: Maybe just -- do you want me to pick up on the International and the growth piece? I will just build on the point that John was making, which is we're learning around the world by the way from last-mile delivery. The Spark platform that we have got, we got that starting in Canada. We got it delivered in Mexico. So, this is not just a U.S thing. This is around the world as well and the capabilities that we are building. A pretty universal and I think that's one of the unique things that we have. And the International mix, yes, we’ve done a lot of changes this last year in International, you know the Asda deal just closed this week. And we are more focused on high growth markets as well, and each of those markets is a different place in its portfolio. So I'm excited to see how we continue to contribute to Walmart overall. But as Brett said, you will see us with the higher sales positioning than you’ve seen in the past. And I think also businesses that are really building out and growing for the future as well. So it's an interesting and unique global footprint that we have got, the priority markets continue to be as they have always been, with Mexico, China, India, and Canada, but also we see strength in Chile and Africa coming back as well.
Judith McKenna: Hi, Chris. Listen, PhonePe is an amazing business in its own right. It's -- Doug, and I were just reminding ourselves, it's just 4 years old and this time last year, when we were talking to all of you, I was wowed at the fact I could say it was doing 0.5 million -- 0.5 billion -- sorry, 0.5 billion transactions a month. And now I'm talking about them doing a billion. I think that just tells you the scale and the way that it's growing. We are really excited about what the long-term future for PhonePe looks like. That continuing on that strategy, which is send, spend, grow and manage, and we're supporting them through that strategy, as well. This has been a year where they consolidated and really thought about India. It's been a remarkable year in India overall and digital adoption in all its forms have stepped on, in particularly, on digital payment. So they’re very much focused on the Indian market. At the moment, what the future looks like, they’re helping us, advising us the markets like Mexico. But at the moment we want them to focus on India. The thing I think that we did this year which is interesting for them is we did a partial spinoff for them. And the reason for that is we’ve two amazing business with Flipkart and PhonePe and what we were trying to do is set both up to maximize their potential in the long-term, so they can both build value. They can also really think about having dedicated capital which helps growth opportunities. Now, PhonePe is monetizing, as it goes through this. Like you’ve heard consistently today, it's got an Ad Tech platform, many of the new areas such as mutual funds and such as insurance are accretive to them. But they are still in a growth phase at the moment. And one of the things actually that we shouldn't overlook and what we did this year is that we have now been able to create their own ESOP for that business, which best aligns them and the management team to what the future for them will look like. So we are very much interested in the long-term for them, but, yes, there will be a lot of learnings around the world.
Suresh Kumar: Thank you, Doug. Absolutely. So last year we talked our approach to moving faster and taking advantage of the developments in machine learning, artificial intelligence and other new technologies. Now these modern technology elements will enable Walmart to move with speed, be innovative and become more productive. Now we are modernizing our tech stack on an innovative hybrid cloud platform that is uniquely suited for Walmart, and I'm really pleased with the level of progress that we have made in this area on several different fronts. Now first, we added a lot of great talent to our tech team. We've brought in senior leaders from across the industry. And this has really created a deep domain expertise as we start building out more modern applications. Second, we’ve been aggressively upgrading our infrastructure. We upgraded more than 50,000 servers, and that's allowing us to take advantage of the latest hardware and software. Now we also upgraded more than 2,000 stores to 1 gigabit per second fiber connection. And what this is allowing us to do, we can run machine learning and data workloads like computer vision and augmented reality, which demand a lot of bandwidth right inside our stores. Now but more than anything else, we have doubled down on our move to the cloud. We ran 100% of our U.S. eCommerce and Sam's customer journeys on the cloud this past holiday. And we also ended up building a data lake in the cloud and migrated more than 1.7 petabytes of data into it, and this is allowing us to run very advanced analytics in a very efficient manner. And lastly, we rolled out our cloud power checkout system to nearly 23,000 point-of-sale devices. And by the way, this is the same technology that powers the contactless customer experiences that Kath talked about in Sam's. So this migration to the cloud really has been at the center of our modernization efforts this past year.
Suresh Kumar: We absolutely are. The most visible benefit was how we handled the volume surge when the pandemic started. Now our every day volume level started to rise and it rose to levels even higher than our prior holiday peaks and well above anything that we had seen when we started running holiday shopping events. Now migrating to the cloud allowed us to keep the site available for our customers, while operating lot more efficiently because we could scale up and we could scale down in a very seamless manner. Now, second, supply chain scaled very well during the holiday. We lit up over 2,500 stores to start delivering online orders, in effect, turning our stores into fulfillment mode.
Suresh Kumar: And we could do this, by the way, because we built a system that crunches millions of pieces of information to find the fastest and lowest cost node to deliver a particular order to a very specific customer. And of course, this is a huge win for our customers and for our business because not only did we deliver to customers a whole lot faster, but also at a lower cost.
Suresh Kumar: Absolutely. And another big benefit of modernization and using new technologies is actually for our store associates. Now John mentioned Ask Sam, and this is an app that uses natural language processing. We've also started testing out a new app that we called [indiscernible], and this one uses augmented reality. What this does is it directs our associates in the backroom to very quickly identify what needs to be taken upfront. And using this app, associates are able to take only one-third of the time to complete a task which they previously had to do by scanning each and every case.
Suresh Kumar: And by the way, these are just a few of the examples that illustrates the benefit of the work that we are doing. We are enabling the business to move with speed, become more productive and we are innovating on customer and associate experience.
Suresh Kumar: So, Doug, when the pandemic hit, we found ourselves needing to deliver a new set of urgent priorities to help our associates and to help our customers. So, for example, we had to scale our VPN capabilities by 600%, our videoconferencing capabilities by over 100%. What this allowed us to do is to enable our corporate associates to work remotely without skipping a beat. Now, similarly for our customers, we delivered on features that allowed them to shop safely and conveniently, everything from contactless shopping options, COVID testing, site support, to delivery prescriptions. We launched over 100 features, big and small, to enable shopping during COVID. What I'm really proud of is how our team continued to make progress on our strategic initiatives, our tech modernization efforts, while at the same time innovating actually with speed to deliver on COVID-related business features that were needed to serve our customers and our frontline associates.
Suresh Kumar: So I continue to be excited about the work that we are doing with machine learning. It's helping us both improve efficiency in the business, and it is transforming our customer and our associate experience. So, one good example is how we manage our assortment. We built a machine learning model to optimize the timing and the pricing of markdowns. And this one effort alone saved us $30 million in markdown costs.
Suresh Kumar: Now, of course, we are going a whole lot further. We are building algorithms to better forecast demand and to optimize both the location and quantity of inventory, so that we reduce the need even to have markdowns in the first place. Another key area where we applied ML is in facilities maintenance. We now have an automated system to review thousands of proposals and invoices every day, and it does it for accuracy across multiple dimensions, like historical labor hours, costs of parts, travel time. And then the system recommends the ones to either approve or to reject. And our associates in real estate use the recommendations to increase proposal and invoice accuracy, and this has resulted in savings of at least $40 million last year. One more example is on the pharmacy side where we have been building out our data lake so that we can run ML models on top of it. We took out millions of dollars of costs by improving our supplier agreements and by improving our merchandising choices. We analyzed agreements to see where we could buy a whole lot more effectively. But at the same time, we recommended what drugs could be added to our $4 generics program. And of course, this helps strengthen our customer offering, while at the same time improving our cost position. So I've highlighted a few areas, but the power and the potential of ML is applicable in every single thing that we do and that is something that I'm really excited about.
Suresh Kumar: Yes, so Doug, last year was building about foundational capabilities, about accelerating the modernization work, to enable the business to go faster, to become more innovative, and become more productive. This year onwards, it's going to be about unlocking the future of shopping for our customers, meeting them in the shopping journey in a highly personalized omni fashion. In fact, we want to start serving our customers right when they start consuming content, social commerce. Now, on our associate side, we want to reduce the time that they spend on activities like inventory counting, making multiple trips to the back room for stocking, picking, all of this kind of stuff so that they can focus on serving our customers. And we are focused on building systems that optimize all aspects of inventory and do that in real time. Everything from how we get inventory from our suppliers, to keeping our products in stock, to fulfilling customer demand in the fastest and lowest cost way possible. We want to enable our merchants to focus on the art of merchandising, have the systems take care of everything else. The foundation that we’ve built is truly helping us reinvent how we serve our customers, how we run our business. Really excited about the potential that we can unlock. Now, as I said in the beginning, technology will enable Walmart to move with speed, be more innovative, become more productive. And we see our role in technology as powering Walmart to lead the next retail disruption. And of course, that is well under way now.
John Furner: Yes. Thanks, Judith and Oliver, good to see you. Thanks for the question. Now, I think I would just frame up the answer by saying one of the extraordinary things about Walmart is we are local in about 5,000 communities, and that's been extremely advantageous in the last few years, but particularly last year as our teams did so much to serve communities all over the country. And this local presence has so much meaning in terms of being real in the community, our ability to serve customers in a number of ways whether it's picking up in a store, shopping in a store, using our local facilities as points of distribution and with the supply chain investments we are making. And your point on edge computing, it's a great one and it certainly does open up real possibilities for us considering we've got these properties all over the country where we're within about 10 miles and 90% of the population. And going forward, I think that's a huge advantage whether it's in our core retail business or some of the other income streams that we covered this morning.
John Furner: Yes, I'm really glad that that work was done a few years ago, Judith, because it created the foundation for what is enabling what we are doing today and really just step back and think about what happened with the customer last year. The pandemic changed behavior in some ways, I'm sure it's temporary, but in many ways, these are permanent changes. And customers having the ability to shop in a store, or pickup, or deliver at their schedule or an attended or even within 2 hours of things that we are doing all over and if it weren't for the pickup capabilities that were happening in the store, all that wouldn't be possible today. So we talked about the growth of the last mile delivery. And that's always just a function of volume and density and neighborhoods and the more density you have, the more economic it is to deliver an entire range of goods. But we are excited about those businesses. You also mentioned local, what we're calling MFCs, market fulfillment centers. I'm really excited about the capabilities that adds for a couple of reasons. One, it will increase capacity. The increased capacity also helps stores manage what's going to be done on the sales floor, and what will be done in the fulfillment center. And then those fulfillment centers, they can serve broader areas including other stores. So the way that we are tying all the supply chain assets together with automation, and our fulfillment centers down to the last mile up to the point of delivery to and including inside the home. It's a really exciting proposition.
John Furner: And Greg, on your question on mix, it reminds me back years ago when we were in general merchandise businesses and the Division 1s -- what we call Division 1 stores and then we bought grocery chains and we added those together and we created this magic mix of the supercenter. And as the formula started to work, we accelerated investments up to about 350 stores a year. And then if you think over the last 8 to 10 years or so, we had the Orange app, which we talked about, which was the copy of the Asda app. We had our Walmart.com app does have come together and that same sort of mix equation, it's really exciting to see it play out and for our merchants and we've got a fantastic merchant team. Now that they are in a position to have a category or a group of items or group of categories and be able to mix those across channels and channels being everything from 3P that's fulfilled by us 3P fulfilled by the sellers, then we've got our 1P commerce business which was strong last year and our store business, the lines are really starting to blur. And it's all about resetting how we think about the customer and offering the customer the very best experience across all the channels. And so having a 3P business, it's growing like it is and fulfillment services we see demand from sellers is accelerating. And we are really making sure that we think about sellers as a customer. I’ve been spending time on Zoom calls, unfortunately we can't have meetings together, but my team and I’ve been meeting with some of our largest sellers and we are listening to all the things that they need from us and we are enabling those capabilities so that Walmart can be a great platform for them, just like it is for suppliers and customers and all of our associates. So, this ability of our team -- for our team to be able to mix across channels in addition to the categories they serve is really exciting as we look forward.
John Furner: Yes. For sure. Look, the customer is the boss and customer is number one. We've said that for years and what we’ve to be able to do is deliver the way the customer needs to have a delivery done or fulfill the way they want to and it really depends on what's going on their life. So thinking about taking a neighborhood where we have got a number of customers who are customers of Walmart, who need to stay in stock or need to be delivered to, in addition, the same neighborhood will have people who are looking for a gift for a birthday for that week or they are inspired by some sort of content they saw online, whether it's someone else's platform or on our platform to be able to have density in neighborhoods is really important. And that includes items that will come from fulfillment centers and sellers and local stores, all of that down to the experiment, Doug, you mentioned which is we have got mans that are delivering in density here locally. We need great partners like FedEx for their runs that run from fulfillment centers, straight to people's homes. And then we are experimenting with aerial delivery, including drones. We have done COVID tests this year in communities. We have been able to launch some new items and deliver the first units sold from stores to places with drones. And so, Greg, I think the answer is, we're going to keep learning as we go. Some of these things we know are ready to scale. We have talked about mark fulfillment centers, our last mile businesses, it's over 1.5 million deliveries a week now, which is up about seven times from last year, which is exciting. And it's a really healthy blend of service providers and the Spark platform which enables people to drive on our behalf and behalf of others like Sam's Club in the future.
John Furner: Yes, sure. Well, Chuck, good to see you. And, Brett, the year last year was extraordinary in a number of ways, and I do want to just thank our team for being so committed to safety and cleaning and it was an enormous lift everything from sourcing mask and like we've got today putting up plexiglass in 5,000 locations. They move mountains and we really did great job, they really did a great job of prioritizing associate safety customer safety and serving communities now which leads to vaccinations. We are here ready to help all across the country we've got close to 20,000 pharmacists and pharmacies ready to participate. And we've got capacity, well over $10 million, maybe up to $14 million per month that we can help to do so, we want to help to get the country vaccinated because it gets us moving back in the right direction. And the sooner we're able to do that the better it is for the economy and every part of the country. Chuck, on your question on mix, just think back to last year, the swings are pretty wild and they had impacts that stayed with us for some time. Last year in February, we saw people buying more OTC, in March, it was a big run in grocery in the stock up phase and then the general merchandise really took off at the end of April and into the second quarter and which resulted in a very, very high number of out-of-stocks and we really struggled with conditions and in stock for a couple of months because of the surges. So reflecting on what's happened this last quarter, it was a strong quarter. Growth was up 8.6% and they're also really proud of the team that the plan we put together, they were able to not only beat the -- the plan that they had, but grow at that level while being closed at day that we were open last year. We closed on Thanksgiving Day and that had an impact. We were just short of $100 billion for the quarter and I think that just a few more hours, Brett, probably would have made the difference.
John Furner: But if I had to make the same decision again, I'd make the same decision and I would close for our associates who needed some time off. But in this last quarter, mix was pretty balanced. The food business, the consumable business was stronger. Health and wellness had a great quarter, and general merchandise also had a great quarter, which we saw nice share gains in November, December in general merchandise. So, what happened late in the quarter was a more balanced mix of categories than probably what we saw back -- different points of the year last year.
John Furner: Yes. So, we announced a FinTech start-up with Ribbit Capital. We are really excited about that. I think ultimately having a great platform like Walmart, where people are looking for better ways to pay and pay in an omni-channel way, just really opens the doors for us to think creatively about a marketplace of products and services that are great for customers' financial wellbeing. And that's all possible because of the underpinning of our ability to create a trusting environment where people buy their food, they get their health and wellness services, including clinics from Walmart. And ultimately, this along with some of the other businesses we talked about, which I heard in your question, we're really confident that not only we have a path forward in some of these new areas but also in others, we've really got to path to scale. Things like the ad business, it's a sizable business that's growing fast and has a lot of room to scale. And just putting us at the center of the question, why is it possible because you have suppliers, you have sellers, and you have customers, all looking for ways to connect. So suppliers need services to reach customer groups, sellers need to reach customers and sellers need to buy from suppliers. And at the center, that was the reason that we decided to rename our business, which was we referred to previously as Walmart Media Group to Walmart Connect, because it connects those three parties together where they can get on with it and have a great business together.
John Furner: Probably a few things in there to unpack. So maybe, let's start with the associates at Walmart. And for years we've been really proud of the fact that we provide career opportunities, over 70% -- almost 75% of our managers start as hourly associates. I started as an hourly associate in 1993. And we're really proud of the career ladder. And as we step back and looked at, Chris, what's really happened in the last couple of years in stores specifically, we've seen that the work has changed because the way the customer shops has changed. So when Doug was talking about starting pickup back in the U.S., Judith probably 6 years ago or so, around 2015, that was a pilot experiment. It's now a sizable part of not only how customer shop, but it's what we do every day. So we took a step back and looked at the store and broke the store into really four big work groups. And the announcement this morning is to invest in two of the most critical work groups as we look to the next few years and that's stocking the store, maintaining inventory levels, and I'll talk about that in just a second, and then our digital business. What we're referring to it as the omni business, but it's really the pickup and dispense business, which includes dispensing to customers' cars or to delivery drivers. And so that's the way the customers are going to go. We're going to stay ahead of it. But When it comes to inventory availability, we've got to be right each and every day in stores for the in-store shopper and the picker who is trying to put an order together and dispense to a customer. And last year, different parts of the year, we had times of the year where we were proud of our in-stock position. We had other times where we had extreme pressure in the supply chain. And that would include availability, surges in business, we had the stock up phase, which left us in a position of out of stocks for a long amount of time. And so it's the right time for us to invest in those groups of associates and create a great career map for them. So that they not only want to come to work and stay with us, but they see future opportunities, including being a store manager, or being a regional operator, or being the CEO one of the businesses. So what we're trying to make sure we're doing is invest in a way that it's really clear to an associate who starts at Walmart this week, what their opportunities are, and how they accomplish it.
