Brett Biggs: Thanks, Simeon. We talked a lot over the last few months about -- last few quarters about expense leverage. It comes from a number of different places. We've seen great expense leverage in the U.S., certainly good comp sales helps a lot with that. But as the technology and the training that we've done in the past -- technology put in place and the training we've done in the past several years is really paying dividends in the stores with our associates and how we serve our customers. So, as you saw even in October, some of the technology that's coming something we keep doing with our stores, we expect the productivity in the U.S. stores will continue to be a big part of what we do. When you look at really around the world, we're seeing good results and leverage around the world in different pockets. As you know with leverage, it could be a lot of small things that add up, but we're doing some bigger things as well. I talked recently about the work we're doing in shared services that we're viewing that as more of a real strength of the company. This past year, we hired a Chief Procurement Officer for the first time for goods, not for resale, so we're putting more effort toward using our scale to benefit our leverage.  So, I feel good about the numbers we've put out, and I think there's going to be room for us. The timing of that is always challenging to figure out. You're correct on gross margin, and that's the implication that we have. We're going to continue to invest in price for the customer, which we've done. The mix of the business will continue to change, which changes a bit the nature of our company, and we've always said a couple of things: One is getting our expenses right allows us to do what we need to do from a gross margin perspective to remain competitive and be there for our customers. And so, that's the main think we want to do with expenses. And we have a lot of leverage to pull as a company, and then we can make changes throughout the year. Hope, I answered your question, Simeon.
Brett Biggs: Hey you bet. Thanks Peter. Yes, in traffic and ticket, you probably heard me say this every quarter, traffic and ticket quarter-to-quarter can go back and forth and certainly we're focused on both and we're focused on the total. Happy with both. If you look at traffic, it's a two and a half year stack, so we're continuing to see good traffic coming at our stores. This is going to be influenced some by the continuing shift of our business with online grocery. With e-commerce you get a little different mix of basket in there. And category-by-category, Peter, you're seeing some categories that are deflating. We always have some of that; electronics will be one of those. And we've had some tariffs and there are places in which that does gets passed along and that does impact ticket. We're not seeing a great deal of inflation. I would call it fairly modest at this point. When you look at what we're doing from a price perspective, I think our customers really aren't seeing much inflation because of what we're doing.
Brett Biggs: And Kelly, this is Brett. We do -- as we said in October, we do feel like that as we see technologies developed and the processes we're coming up with. We do see opportunities to leverage over the next period of time as well.
Brett Biggs: And our merchants -- it changes every year, but our merchants are always working through something that's inflating, something that's deflating. They're really good at managing mix in various different situations.
Brett Biggs: I'll speak first specifically to the U.S. because I think that was the main question. We're really seeing the productivity loop back in action in Walmart U.S. where you get the sales and it allows you to do what we want to do in prices, allows you to lower expenses. The productivity loop is alive and well in the U.S. The mix of our business continues to change as you look at eCommerce growing in the U.S., the acquisition of Flipkart and so that does change when you look at the total company. But as for leverage, I mentioned from a total company perspective, we expect to slightly lever-in Q1 and that just to get progressively better as we get through -- those through the year and we certainly couldn't do that or couldn't make that statement if we didn't feel pretty comfortable with what we're seeing in the U.S.. Again we've assumed this kind of sales growth to get that leverage. Sales growth has helped a lot in getting that leverage. But that's how we see the year playing out.
Brett Biggs: Yeah. Obviously, there is some more challenging comparisons because of what we did this year, but I think what Doug's saying on healthy economic environment, you put a number of things together. I think this is the range that we feel good about going into the year. But still obviously a very, very healthy growth.
Brett Biggs: So I think we'll see how the year goes and respond appropriately. But I would remind everybody that Flipkart is already an ecosystem. There's the PhonePe, a payment platform. There's a last mile delivery. There's a Myntra and Jabong businesses in apparel. So it's not just one thing. And it's just not an eCommerce business in the traditional sense, there's a lot of dimension to it. So there just like here we've got a lot of different variables we can play what demands the total. And I think we've forecasted it appropriately and we'll respond as the year goes on.
Brett Biggs: And we're learning from the stores that were early in the process as they get larger and larger we're able to take those learnings from those stores that have been in the system a little longer to stores that are just coming online.
Brett Biggs: I do think about ROI a lot. You're correct. I -- when we're together as a team, I am talking about Doug's team, we spend as you can imagine most of our time thinking through the prioritization of the various things that are going on inside the company and as we go through those discussions, we always have the P&L and the balance sheet and ROI in front of us as part of those discussions. And it's our job as the management team to make these things work together over time. The customer acceptance, we're seeing with online grocery in particular is a one where you look at it and say we are going to lean into this. And there maybe things along the line and we delay this or can we stop something else, but we're going to lean into things like this and see when we see them working for the customer and as a team we will ensure that it works out for our shareholders over the mid to long term.
Brett Biggs: Scott, I think we've got enough room. As you know, we've been on a multi-year plan to reduce pricing in the U.S. and we're just continuing that. There are some price investments in Sam's and in some international markets, but I'm comfortable. When you look at our forecast that we've got an appropriately aggressive price investment remaining as we finish-off what we started years ago.
Brett Biggs: Yes, Paul this is Brett. So, if you look at the cadence -- primarily what you are seeing in Q1 is going to be related to Flipkart. If you look at the guidance we've given last year and just look at how that would play out over the quarter, you can get pretty quickly to that number. There's always going to the timing of other parts of the business they go from one quarter to another based on how expenses are flowing, but that's the biggest part of Q1 and Q2 as well because it did not come in our results until partway through Q3. There's always -- we can have things move around between quarters $50 million here $60 million there and it can make a difference in how that number looks from a profitability standpoint, but Flipkart is the biggest part of that next year.
Brett Biggs: Scott, I want to, this is Brett. I want to come back and clear myself. I said that U.S. income, U.S. operating income ex one items was flat. I misspoken that it was up a little bit in the fourth quarter.
Brett Biggs: Edward, this is Brett, I'll start off. In the consumer, I think it feels pretty good to us. You see all the numbers that we see, wages are still pretty good, unemployment rate's low, gas prices are down year-on-year. So, there's a number of things I think are still working in favor of the consumer. Like you mentioned we're watching it as we always do. We're monitoring it, and making sure that we're in the right place with the customer. I think no matter of the environment, we tend to do pretty well and are able to react and be there for those customers, but we're monitoring it as we always do.
Brett Biggs: Chuck, there's a lot in that question. I'll take the first two and then I'll hand off to Doug. On the SNAP benefits, I mean we are clear you know that, we believe that it did pull forward some into the fourth quarter. Again with all the things that happened in the first quarter, I think we did pull that forward, but there's other things that can potentially make up for that, but that's why we've given the quarterly guidance any quarter it can be kind of 2.5% and 3%, 2.5%-3.5% for the year. On the eCommerce loss guidance where we've said that we expect losses to be a little more in this next year, we're not going to give guidance past that which I think probably won't surprise you. Doug you want to talk about the...
Doug McMillon: Yes, Simeon, this is Doug. I think the headline answer is it’s mix, and that mix has got to generate a customer experience that drives repeat business. So if you break it down into pieces, we’ve got this advantage of having the stores and fresh and perishables in the assortment of supercenters close to customers, we're trying to drive that advantage and I believe we've got good traction there. In parallel, we're trying to build an eCommerce business. In apparel, general merchandise you saw recently a new home launch from us with the brand Modern, for example. Trying to build an apparel home hard lines business that brings customers back and generates a positive contribution margin for the basket.  And there are different components of that basket. There's the pick cost, the shipping cost, and then just the gross margin on the products. And the thing that's taking longer than what I would have guessed is to build that merchandise assortment including the brands that we're trying to add to a place where we got a repeatable healthy mix of business online. So we're pedaling fast trying to make that happen and disappointed that it's taken us long as it has.
Doug McMillon: Bob, this is Doug. We're confident in that 35% number for eCommerce, and we'll drive that as I just mentioned earlier with the food and perishable business coming out of the supercenters, and we'll also drive it with the fulfillment center assortment that we're working on. Toys was a help in the fourth quarter. There was an opportunity there and the team did a good job of seizing it in total across stores and online.
Doug McMillon: I can't comment on the future the guidance for Flipkart in the first quarter. I'll just say that the things that have happened have been disappointed in some way, but they haven't shaken our confidence and excitement about what this is going to mean to the company long-term. And this isn't a story about one quarter or even one year. We hope to have an effective productive dialogue as it relates to future changes that happen. But in terms of how the business has behaved, it's in line with what we thought it would be.
Doug McMillon: Sure. In fact, I will take you back to the October Analyst Meeting, Peter, we put up a chart that we referred to as an ecosystem chart. And our thought process is that we've got this core merchandising capability that we can continue to strengthen and we can transform in some ways in terms of how we work differently, how we use technology. And build on that with data and other components of our business to grow health and wellness where we've got an opportunity to be more important in that space. And financial service is another area where we've historically done some things, but there appeared to be more opportunities there for us. And there are some others that were represented on that chart that we're currently working on in a global fashion to create a business model by market that not only resonates with customers, but also delivers return for shareholders.
Doug McMillon: This is Doug, Kelly. I think it's going to take us some time to sort that out and communicate specifically with some of the pieces of equipment that you saw, but it will happen. And we're just going to take our time, roll it from store group to store group. I'm really pleased and excited with how our managers are responding to all these new tools. They're now out in the stores. There is a tremendous amount of enthusiasm for it. So that is a key part of our plan and we'll update you as things go on. But it will take us some time to put all of the pieces together that we shared with you and some others that we've got coming.
Doug McMillon: I don't think we should get too specific by category. I think I would just say that the combination of cost pressures that we're feeling with the price reductions that we're making has worked out in a way that the customers are not feeling very much impacted.
Doug McMillon: Karen, this is Doug, I think that's right. We're making good progress on mirroring. And our total count is in the 75 million range now. There wasn't anything that I can think of that really surprised us in the fourth quarter as it relates to e-commerce. I would mention that you may remember a year ago we had some fulfillment center challenges and the team did a great job of preparing for peak and executing it this year and the customer experience was a lot better. So I was really pleased to see that.
Doug McMillon: Sure. Hi Robbie. We're using a combination of last mile solutions. We're using cloud source companies and we have our own platform that's called Spark that we're experimenting with and we're still playing around with some associate deliveries in a small way trying to figure that out. But it's the crowd source delivery platforms they're really helping us achieve scale. Generally speaking, the delivery cost cover the cost and we right now are operating with something like breakeven mentalities it relates to delivery cost, so customers are bearing that. But they really do like the convenience and I'm excited about figuring all this out. And the combination of great stores that can increasingly function as productive fulfillment centers, which by the way is helping keep pressure on in stocks which is what we saw from the UK years ago, really like that healthy pressure together with pickup, which continues to have a high NPS score and people love it. Now, with delivery and future enhancements in the future as it relates to the service end of that caused me to be really excited. It looks to me like there's a long runway here where our supercenters can double as fulfillment centers and stores and also generate a great store experience, so it looks promising.
Doug McMillon: If you just read the headlines, you might imagine things are pretty tough, but that's not really what we're seeing. And if you look at our comp performance, Brett talked about a calendar change, but that aside, things have held up pretty well and the Sam's Clubs continue to be a really strong. I'm excited about the fact we've got more of those in the pipeline and the comp performance in Sam's is great. The supercenters have been performing better and they look better. I think operationally we've improved.  And then we've been playing around with some supermarkets and may find an opportunity there which can play a key role in last mile delivery. This relationship that we mentioned on last mile, they are resulting in incredible customer experiences in terms of both the value for delivery which is still think around of $1 and the speed with which it can get delivered given the density of the market is incredible. So that feels, okay. And I think if you look at the overall relationship considering all the things are happening in China, we're in pretty good shape. So, I'm still, I'm optimistic and recognize the tremendous opportunity that market has and we're constantly trying to think through our position in that market and how we might improve it.
Doug McMillon: I think, two dimensions there. One is the customer enthusiasm for those kinds of offers. And it's a loud and clear to us that customers, no surprise, are really busy. And that, if we can find a way to make things more convenient for them with pick up and delivery, they're all over it. So, I think, the ramp there in terms of how our comp stores will behave in addition to the roll out that we're doing for additional stores is going to continue to be strong. We have been adding assortment over time. Some of the happiest customers that I have come across are customers that can place their back-to-school order and a grocery order together and go through pickup and knockout that list of things that you need for your kids as they go back-to-school. So that includes a lot of items that are not food items. And then, over time, we just keep adding as the stores learn how to pick categories that are different in nature than food. It's a different situation to go and pick light bulbs our go to pick some of these categories that may not have as much shelf capacity as we have in food. So we have to learn how to adjust our modulars so that you can expand the categories and the items. And I do think that will help mix over time. And we may have seen that already, I haven't been tracking that part of it that closely, but it makes sense that that basket would change shape and the profitability would look better.
Doug McMillon: At first, I would say, the job that Greg and the team have done on the inventory over last few years has been phenomenal. I mean, being a merchant for so much of my career, I have so much respect for the way that they have driven in-stock levels, reduced inventory, reduce deletive inventory for quarter-after-quarter now. What happened in this case is that we saw the SNAP shift into the end of January. We build food inventories at the end of the quarter to make sure that we were maximizing that opportunity. And there's a little bit of pull forward of inventory in anticipation of what tariffs could mean in a worse case scenario, but we certainly hope and expect that that won't happen. So I'm not worried about inventory level. It's high quality and there's a bit of timing difference there and overall that picture still looks really good.
Doug McMillon: I think that's exactly right. I think we're just recognizing that this last year had some tailwinds and that this year we won't have.
Doug McMillon: Michael, when you look at, I mean, all the reasons we cited for going into India acquiring Flipkart when you look at the continued eCommerce growth in India, the size of the market, the growing middle class, all those things are still as true today as they were six months ago. So the reasons we're excited about the market are still there.
Doug McMillon: Good questions, Oliver. I think the mix of new customers in online grocery is positive and encouraging to us. It's not just existing customer using the service. So that's an exciting development. And as it relates to productivity, we're continuing to learn how to pick more efficiently using the apps and the tools that you've seen in the stores plus we've got a few experiments going on with more automation to try and solve for future higher volumes. You can get to a point and we do cap in some store locations, a place where we have too many pickers in the store and it gets -- they get in the way of our customer shopping and site counter so we got to manage that effectively. And we had a Salem, a project alert. I forgot what we call it. AlphaBot maybe. The announcement that we made last year that's one to keep an eye on. But we're actively sorting out how to increase our in stocks, increase productivity and how the customer experience, continue to improve from an NPS point of view that will be an ongoing stream of work.
Doug McMillon: Yeah. Scott, we had mentioned and that we've of course you've just heard it for the first time, we mentioned in the script that we -- that leverage is higher than it would normally be because of those discrete items. Last year, if you back those out, we still levered slightly in the quarter and for the year. But, clearly, fourth quarter was higher than you would normally expect because of those discrete items.
Doug McMillon: On the wage side, Paul, we've just been moving up market-by-market. Our average now is about $17.50 for an hourly associate in the U.S. and I'm comfortable that we've got appropriate wage investments to get the talent we need baked into the plan. Transportation costs, I'm not really close to what's happening right now. I would expect based on what's happening with the drivers if we're going to be better shape from a transportation point of view as we go through the year. And it is helpful that gas prices are in the range that they are in and hope that continues to be the case. I think that's one of the things that benefited this last year. So, glad to see them where they are.
Doug McMillon: Before I mention I just want to clarify what I mentioned earlier, $17.50 is actually $17.55 is the average hourly associate number with wages and benefits. As it relates to pricing, I think, as I mentioned earlier, we got an appropriately aggressive plan baked in. And it would depend on what happened with competition and the severity of the price increases. I think we would manage margins as we bring all these variables together. And don't anticipate having a lot more inflation on the food side and on the non-food side, we're continuing to experience deflation in that part of the basket, kind of works out.
Doug McMillon: I think we'll end up in a position where the customer can pick depending on the occasion, how they want to shop. There will be families that come into stores once-a-week or twice-a-month or whatever and they'll also use pickup, they'll also use delivery, and we'll have the ability to serve them in all those ways. There's an interesting opportunity if you could get to a point where customers pick their delivery window in the home or to the door unattended. You can decouple speed of delivery in a way that helps us manage costs, so as the volume goes up and density improves. We'll try to figure out how to drive a basket business it looks more like dense route than a one-hour or a 30-minute race to deliver to somebody's house. That maybe different for restaurant delivery than it is for grocery delivery. It seems like those use cases are different enough. So we've got some tests going on and real-time learning here to try and do it in a way that customers want it to be done and create that optionality for them. And it's kind of one more mix opportunity for us. We grew up managing merchandise mix and still do and now we're managing a service mix. And the good news is that once customers are in your ecosystem, they'll use you in some way as I mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks, you get the opportunity to expand on that relationship and that's what we're trying to do.
Doug McMillon: The first quarter is always a challenge, because you got an Easter change, there's weather that's a little more impactful than it's volatility. We got the SNAP moving into the first quarter, the tax rebates, I mean different windows of times, sometimes, they are concentrated in a few days, sometimes they are spread out over a week. So it makes it exciting to manage Q1. But underneath all that, I'll agree with what Brett said they're in pretty good shape. On Jet I'm really pleased with the role that it's playing, attracting new brands. And our focus as we mentioned before is on urban markets. So it's an opportunity to learn and to try new items and different items in some cases that we have at wallmart.com so that's the role it's playing.
Doug McMillon: Yes, preserving flexibility there, I think it's important, we have never let a digital transformation at this scale before. So we're figuring this out as we go. But if there's an opportunity to be more aggressive given the total balance of the business, I mean we would be thinking about that. Adding digital brands we're after assortment, we're after a repetitive customer relationship. And we're looking constantly at various acquisitions. And I think what you've seen from us in the past will continue to some extent. It's impossible to predict the pace of it or the number. So we'll just have to see at the end of the year how it will work out.
