John David Rainey: Michael, this is John David. There's a lot to that question. Let me try to unpack that a little bit. I think it's helpful to go back a year and think about the mood and the tone around the overall macro environment. At that point in time, I think there was largely a consensus that we were going to enter a recession in the last year. Fortunately, we avoided that. And so, I think overall we feel a little bit better about the health of the economy right now. That said, price levels certainly affect our forecast as well. So let me decompose our guidance just a little bit, spend a moment on this. I think there's a couple important elements to point out. One is that, overall, we expect some level of improvement in gross profit. But I want to decompose that further because there's two elements to that. One is our product margin, which we are not relying on raising prices to achieve our long range plan. So let me be very clear about that. The improvement in gross profit is mostly related to the change in our business mix. As we have these faster growing higher margin parts of our business like advertising that are contributing to an outsized part of our portfolio. So we should expect to see some improvement in gross profit. Conversely, on the SG&A line, we do expect some amount of deleverage in our business. And I want to pause on that for a second, because we recognize that EDLC is critical to being -- performing on EDLP. And so we have a lot of focus on continuing to become more efficient, to continue to try to leverage aspects of the business that we can, but our business has changed. Just as I noted in my prior comment around business mix, that affects what happens in SG&A. As we rely on things like advertising, some of the expenses related to that hit the SG&A line. And so, our focus as a team is on growing operating income. And you see that in our guidance. I'll also point out that while mix, and I should say product mix, has been a headwind over the last two years, we do assume some amount of headwind going into the coming year as general merchandise is -- will be less of our business relative to food. So there is some persistent tell to that. In terms of what would have to happen to -- for us to hit the top end of our guidance, I think a couple things. And we're most focused on what we can control, and that's the team executing on our plan. So that's our focus, but we're not immune to the whims of the economy. And certainly there are economic outcomes that could cause us to move to the high end of the range or the low end of the range. But given where we are right now, going into the first part of this year, we feel really good about the plan. We feel really good about the way that the team is executing and the way that we're serving our customers.
John David Rainey: Sure, and Krisztina, I'll address the improvement that we've seen and expect to continue to see in our contribution margin on e-commerce. There's a couple elements to this. One is, I'm really pleased with the way the team has performed on cost of fulfillment. That has gone down 20% in the last year. A lot of hard work has gone into making that happen. But the unit economics of delivering a package to a customer or a member have simply improved. So that's a big part of the improvement we've seen. And we expect to see continued improvements there. Second aspect of this is the densification of our network, specifically the last mile. As we have more customers coming to us, using us through e-commerce channels, it enables us to spread that cost of delivery over multiple customers. And so if you think about an item like our weekly active customers on e-commerce, that's up 17%, much more than our top line. So customers are recognizing that they can come to Walmart for convenience just as much as they can on price, and that actually helps the profitability of this channel for us. In terms of where we or when we can get to profitability, we have line of sight to e-commerce being breakeven when we include all the various components of this, advertising, fulfillment services, all that together. But to be clear, we're focused on getting to e-commerce profitability even without the subsidization of those additional items. That's a little further down the road. We have a lot of work to do to get to that point, but we're really pleased with the progress that we've made and the plan that we have going forward.
John David Rainey: Hey, Rupesh. Good morning. It’s John. Really pleased with the team. They're growing top and bottom line, and we're investing in the future, as we talked about. This year we're planning to do 650 more remodels. We did close to 700 last year, which is I think our largest year, and had a really big month in the month of November. The results are very promising. As you know, there is more space for customers. We opened the store up. We're really proud of the results in apparel, in home, beauty. We see positive signs out of the pet department. There are a number of things that are coming together. In the fourth quarter, in particular, we're really pleased with the toy performance, where we saw unit share gains with big brands like Lego, Mattel, Muffin Dugs. So there's some really nice signs coming out of those stores. And we're really looking forward to this year to put another, as we said, 650 remodels out in the market.
John David Rainey: We do, Doug. It's been a lot of fun to see how these came together. As I mentioned, the sell-throughs are really strong throughout the fourth quarter. And Valentine's Day was a strong holiday early in the year. Because we're so close to customers, we were delivering same day up until 8:30 that night. I wouldn't recommend that for everyone, but certainly the capability to be able to take flowers to someone at 8:30 who had a bit of a moment was a lot of fun. Save the day.
John David Rainey: Sure, Kelly. This is John David, I'll start. We're really pleased with not just advertising, but a lot of these faster growth parts of our business. Advertising, we've called out. You noted the growth that we had for the year. We have really strong growth in the quarter. You're right, your math is right in terms of the type of contribution that we could expect there. And that segues into the conversation around Vizio. We're really excited about that acquisition. I think it's very complementary to what we're already doing organically in that part of the business, and this is an accelerant. I'll turn it to Doug and John, though, to add more about that.
John David Rainey: Seth, this is John David. We're pleased with what we've seen in market share gains. In the quarter, we gained share in virtually every category. But notably, one of the biggest contributors in the quarter was in this income demographic from households that make more than $100,000 a year. For general merchandise, as an example, two-thirds of the share gain that we had in the quarter was through this income demographic and digital channels. And what that illustrates, I think, broadly, is that our value for convenience is every bit as much -- every grade is what it is for price. And that resonates to people regardless of the size of your paycheck. And so that's one of the reasons we think that we're gaining share, our value proposition is resonating with customers and they're clearly shopping us in new ways versus how they have historically.
John Furner: Yes, Thanks, John David. Krisztina, thanks for the question. A few things that I'd say on margin. Number one, the team is really committed to driving value for customers, and they did that in the quarter while improving margin. And I want to talk about value just a second. We're really proud about the fact that our rollback count is up significantly from a year ago, similar to what it was in the third quarter. Second, the value with customers is resonating well. We saw NPS levels at a high level throughout the quarter and all-time highs for the quarter, which we're also proud of. And then on the gross margin line as it relates to the overall flow through, there are two things to consider there. One is, sell-through was very strong throughout the quarter. Inventory closed down 4.5%. This is the first year I can remember in my career being in stores in early December. And they were out of storage containers, product on the counter in the back rooms. The teams did a very nice job getting inventory inside, knowing what they owned, and selling through. And the sell-through that was strong at the holiday events, we mentioned two of our strongest days ever were in December, just leading up to Christmas. The strong sell-through led to lower markdowns, and the markdowns were by far the biggest impact on margins in the U.S. And then the second impact would have been from business mix. So John David said that earlier, but those are the two factors that improved it. And we feel good about our inventory position as we begin this year. We ended the year clean. Store managers and associates have back rooms that are quite under control. They feel very good about their inventory levels and we're really proud of how they performed.
John Furner: Hey Robbie, it's John. Let me start on this and others can jump in. The 4.3% is encouraging, we're seeing more customers, we're seeing them more often, we're seeing a lot of new customers. The frequency, John David mentioned earlier, weekly average customers in the e-commerce up 17% is a strong number. The mix hasn't changed really all that much. I think if you look at our results by business unit from consumables to food to GM, pretty similar trends than what we've been seeing. I think the big difference that we can talk about is, is we see more customers using same-day services and express deliveries, and that's also across a broad range of categories. That would be intuitive to assume it's food at times like the example earlier when you're missing an ingredient. But we're also seeing this happen for birthday gifts and general merchandise items and other things. So, I’d go back to what we talked about at the beginning of last year when we talked about supply chain strategy, having a short last mile is an important component in e-commerce and having stores be able to deliver what historically would have been an e-commerce order or a food delivery order or the combination of the two is really helping the brand. And additionally, that's bringing the delivery costs down, which has contributed to the improvement in operations loss in e-commerce.
John Furner: It really has, Doug. There are a few things that we're doing with technology to help us ensure that we know what we own, where it is, and ensure that it's accessible for the store associates. And I can't overemphasize the importance of inventory levels being down 4.5% and what that does for a store manager, a team lead, for the coaches that are in the stores who need to take care of what a customer needs right now and they're able to do that much more accurately. So I think it'll get better over time as the automation continues to come online, but definitely some notable improvements from the store team this quarter.
John Furner: Hey, Paul. It's John. I'll take that question. This rollback [indiscernible] one of the programs [indiscernible] Walmart format. It's up around 50% on last year, which is similar to what we reported in the third quarter. As far as categories, it's pretty evenly spread across the box. If you go back to what we said earlier about pricing, general merchandise is negative by low single digits. So you'll see a decent number all across general merchandise. The food business has a number that are showing up quite as well. It's a really key items that we know that our customers have responded to well. We took our French bread back to a dollar, which had been a dollar for a long time and went up as inflation hit the market. And we're seeing results of that running about 40% over last year. So customers immediately responded. Rotisserie Chicken is another one. That price has come down by $1. Customers are responding. And as John Davis said earlier, customers are being choiceful. And our customers are smart. And they recognize value really well. So as prices come down and we can show the value digitally or physically, we're seeing a lot of great responses. As far as the funding, I mean, it's always going to be balanced. Merchants have a lot of levers in their P&L from their initial margin to how they manage their inventory back to mix. In many cases, you can improve margin by selling items that are higher margin. You can take higher margin items down and move sales to those items, and it shifts the entire mix to the category. So it's not as easy as just one simple answer, but the merchants are, as I said earlier, they're doing a nice job of managing value for customers. They are driving rollbacks and because of strong inventory management, we were able to save markdowns and improve gross margin on product.
Doug McMillon: I think big picture, as it relates to the business model scale has helped a lot. Getting to $100 billion for the year is a different number than what we were dealing with before, and it's nice to have growth coming on top of that. And as John David said, the formula, whether it's in the US or it's in other markets around the world, is now clear to us. We're in execution mode as it relates to these things. And obviously, route density helps, volume helps, mix. As it relates to contribution, profit is part of the equation. And it's exciting to see whether [indiscernible] Walmex or it's what's happening in India in addition to what we've been talking about in the U.S. with Walmart and Sam's, the commonalities that we're now experiencing. It feels like for some time now we've really kind of known what we're doing and omni is an advantage, figuring out how to leverage stores and clubs, what role they play has been part of that journey as well.
Doug McMillon: Thanks, Simeon. I feel good about the reinvestment rate. If you look at what our plans include, whether it's on the OpEx or CapEx side, I think we're being aggressive. And it is exciting to be in a position where we can play offense on price to the degree we need to. We can invest in associate wages and at the same time we can grow operating income faster than sales. I'm going to look back at last year and then how that plays through FY 2025. I think that themes are the same. We got to keep the top line going. And this business has always been so fun as it relates to just being a merchant driving sales. And I like the fact that we've got an opportunity across so many categories, food, consumables, general merchandise, apparel. And as prices come down on the general merchandise side, there's an opportunity to show off our merchant skills and to drive more units. And that's one of the reasons why, to Michael's question, to start this conversation, we have some confidence, is because we're seeing our units move and our share numbers look strong. So top line is a focus. I think we're positioned to grow that because we can do that in-store club, pick up delivery, however people want to be served. The second thing I'd mention is the automation plan. And I think in the U.S. where we're most aggressive, we'll see over the next few years a higher level of inventory accuracy, improved flow, which will help us with markdowns, associate wage productivity, all the metrics that we've been talking about with you guys, in particular for the last year. So I think automation is the next theme. And then the last one that I'll mention is, all of the things that flow from Marketplace and advertising. I think we've learned a lot about marketplace over the last few years, and we're working together to build what is a multi-country marketplace business, which will help us not only with commissions related to marketplace and Fulfillment Service scale, but it'll also help us with advertising and data monetization and some of the other keys to changing the shape of the P&L, or the business mix as we refer to it. So those are the things that come to the top for me and that's what I stay focused on.
Doug McMillon: And you've consistently performed seasonally. I think as we look forward to this year, whether it's Easter, back to school, all the way through to holiday again, people come to Walmart for seasonal purchases and we've got a great strength there that we plan to build on.
Doug McMillon: Yes, we're not going to say too much. Obviously, we need to give that some time for the process to play out. But as John David said, we are really excited about the opportunity to bring together Vizio's operating system with our ad platform. And we can appreciate that you all would probably have a number of questions about it. Marketplace and advertising are key drivers of profitability growth, as we've already discussed. And this acquisition accelerates the buildout of our advertising platform into the connected TV business, which will be exciting. But given that the acquisition hasn't closed, we can only reinforce what we've already shared. So we'll be limited in our remarks today. So you may want to save your questions for another topic. We want to focus for now on our quarter on the company's strategy and more broader topics and then we can come back to you once the deal is closed.
Doug McMillon: I think the things you've done to make it easier to pick at store level should be mentioned too, RFID and apparel. Having inventory levels down so that people can find things. I think it helped us a lot when it came time to pick toys at the last minute, for example. Our accuracy, -- our customer scores reflect that improved accuracy. Combine that with the automation that we're putting into e-commerce fulfillment centers and you can start to see that there's a great opportunity for us to leverage math and optimize where things come from, but our accuracy is also improving.
Doug McMillon: That exit technology still requires a member to scan their items on their app. So Scan & Go is the first step and then you can just leave the building when the transaction is completed. But obviously, eventually we want to remove all of that as part of the process, too.
Doug McMillon: There's so many things Seth in there, but what customers want, they want a great price, they want a great environment, they want value and they want experience. And we've been talking about for a couple of years the flexibility that we can offer that we couldn't or did not years ago. And the stores are a very important part of the e-commerce solution, including delivery, but also picking and at times just being exactly what they are which are great stores that offer those four elements. So remaining flexible can be really important in saving people time. John David mentioned convenience and that is definitely a driver of the results.
