Kathryn McLay: Yes. I'll just say, as we went kind of through Q4, we were watching with interest to see how they behaved in home and apparel, GM, discretionary. We're happy to see high single-digit comp growth there. And we're watching, as we went through Super Bowl and Valentine, and we're still seeing kind of that hold. So yes, positive with where we're at, at the moment. 
Kathryn McLay: And if I just pick up on the Sam's growth. I think we've talked quite a bit about the 12 quarters of double-digit comp growth. But if you look underneath that strength and growth across traffic every single one of those quarters, across ticket, our membership income has grown solidly across those 12 quarters. We've grown in e-com. We're growing with Scan And& Go. If I look at the actual membership composition, we're growing with mid- to high household income groups with share of wallet. We're growing with millennials and Gen Z as the largest growth area in our membership base. And then if I look at market share, we're growing market share in our club channel despite no opening clubs while our competitors were opening clubs.  So if you look at that suite of kind of metrics, you look at it and you realize that the value proposition we have at Sam's is winning and it's resonating with our member base and it's resonating with new members. And so we are looking at growing both in fill-in opportunities as well as into new geographies where we don't have as a large a presence. So we're excited about opening clubs, it will take us a minute to build up that pipeline, but we've already got some exciting areas we're looking at. 
Kathryn McLay: Yes. I'll just pick up from the Sam's perspective. I think last year, we had a couple of big acquisitions around Super Bowl and then around July 4. And I think the marketing of those as well as offering, with curbside and Scan And Go and convenience, meant that we're attracting a lot younger member base than what we've previously had. So I think we're really happy with the way the membership kind of composition is trending.  And then if I just look at like the renewal rate, we're not seeing an impact from the fee increase. Remember that this year, we did do an offset with Sam's Cash, and that's pretty much what we're seeing, is it's kind of neutralized any impact we could have expected to see to our renewal rate. But it's also meant that those members, because they get Sam's Cash available to them on the app, are becoming more digitally engaged with us.  So this whole kind of approach around driving convenience and digital engagement is working, and we're seeing growth through the absolute membership numbers as well as staying strong in renewals. 
John Furner: Oliver, thanks for the question. First, I just want to say thanks to all of our associates for delivering a great quarter and everything they did last year. There are so many things that they went through collectively, and they just did a great job building momentum as the year went on.  On the consumer. I think choiceful is a great word to describe it. There certainly was momentum coming out of the fourth quarter. But Walmart's built a lot of options for customers, and we'll be more flexible than we have been in the past, whether it's in the store or pickup or delivery. John David mentioned the momentum that we have with delivery from stores. So we'll be there for customers as things continue to shift. 
John Furner: Yes. And Chris, this is John. I'll just build on that. Certainly pleased to see some of the momentum in food and other categories, including unit growth in the last quarter. There was both traffic and basket expansion, which are both positive indicators.  I think John David described well the way we're thinking about the year cautiously given all the unknowns in the operating environment. But I would just highlight the team here in Walmart U.S. have done a great job expanding our ability to deliver from stores, deliver from fulfillment centers. You heard a bit about automation. So there's a lot of investment that we feel great about the return possibilities given the experience we've had with some of these technologies. And as you bundle all this together, we're positioning ourselves well, I think, to be able to grow and continue to grow like we have last few years.  Since we merged our e-commerce and store business together just about 3 years ago in Walmart U.S., we see growth of almost $79 billion, almost $80 billion for the 3 years. So quite a bit of growth there. And the team is really focused on top line, as you'd expect of a big merchandising organization like this one. 
John Furner: Kate, it's John. Thanks for the question. First, I'd just anchor what we're doing in the purpose of the company is to help people save money and live better. So we're constantly thinking about making sure that our values are appropriate given what's going on in the relative marketplace.  And as Doug alluded to earlier, we're encouraged by the price positioning relative to the market, and we'll continue to work on that.  Externally, I wouldn't call it any major shifts in what we're seeing. In terms of promotion, there has definitely been a shift, and we see this internally as well, and an acceleration in the fourth quarter to more private brand versus branded product. That shift really began last March and continued all year, and the fourth quarter got a bit stronger.  We don't set targets for branded versus private brand, and we want to be there for any customer and make sure that quality and value are right across all product lines. But there is definitely some acceleration to private brands in the last 90 days. 
John Furner: Yes, I think that's a great way, Doug, to describe it as an important part of what we're building. And it's a way that customers can access an interesting combination of all of our assets from our digital front end, which has become one experience over the last couple of years. The fact that we have inventory within 10 miles in 90% of the population is another way that this all comes together.  And the business model itself, and we've said this before, and I'll just repeat it, it's becoming more difficult to measure the differences in e-commerce and stores because stores are acting as fulfillment centers at times. They're stores primarily, and then there are fulfillment centers, so there are a lot of blurred lines between all these channels.  So having an offer that is great for consumers in terms of the behavior they're seeking, which is convenience, and not worrying about incremental delivery fees is working fantastically.  Now it's also important to note that this tends to be a younger, more tech-savvy consumer, which is great. In some cases, a higher-income customer. So as we've said in the most recent quarters, we've gained share with higher-income customers. Walmart+ with delivery, and then these other businesses, like advertising, fulfillment services, Marketplace, all add up to a better proposition for both the customer and the company. 
John Furner: And generally speaking, food inflation has been the most stubborn of all the categories. We were in mid-double digits in Q3 and Q4. Hasn't come down all that much. A little bit, I guess we could say, has come down the last couple of months, but it still would be a high level of disinflation at this point. So this looks to be a little bit higher than what we were expecting going into the year, but this all leads back to the comments earlier on uncertainty. We would have hoped and expected it have -- to have come back more than it has going into this year.  There are other parts of the business where prices have come down more, like in general merchandise. But overall, I think we're taking a very cautious outlook and going to continue working on doing everything we can to try to keep prices as low as possible for our customers. 
John Furner: And on the -- great point, Doug. And on the 300 basis point, that comment was related to last year, the shift -- the difference in mix between food and GM in the year that we just experienced. So we do think we'll have some mix impact going into this year, which we stated. But we don't -- we didn't say it was 300 for the year we're going into.  Certainly, food inflation and GM sales can change that number. And that's why we're, as we said, taken a cautious outlook because food inflation, amongst other things, has remained more unstable than what we have expected. So it's higher than what we thought it would be.  But that point on food being a profitable business at Walmart is important. So we -- if the customer wants to spend more on the food categories, and general merchandise will be there for them, of course, we'd like to sell both because we have a really strong seasonal business. And like we stated earlier, we had a strong Valentine's, a strong New Year. Pleased with the holidays that we just went through in the fourth quarter. But we want to remain open and flexible for the customer given any environment that we find ourselves in. 
John Furner: Yes. This is the time last year. Just to remind you, back in February, March last year, we were really getting caught up from ocean backlogs and receiving product that should have been onshore as much as 6 months prior to it being unloaded. And the cost, the markdowns, the impact and everything, from store labor to creating overtime, we expect some of those to be better.  However, down 3% of inventory, we're proud of that position. But there are still pockets of inventory in stores and some fulfillment centers and some categories like apparel where there's still more work to be done. So we want to make sure that we have room to address those things as we get into first half of the year. 
John Furner: Greg, it's John. Yes, certainly, I would expect that there will be growth in traffic. That's what we've been seeing over the last several quarters, led by food and consumables. The growth of pickup and delivery and then e-commerce to home are also helping. So stronger results in e-commerce at its core and also stronger from the delivery business.  John David mentioned in his remarks that we had $1 billion month in December, which is really exciting to see what the team has scaled from and to over the last 5 or 6 years. Certainly some acceleration since the 2 channels, e-commerce and stores, were merged together last -- about 3 years ago. But it continues to be a lot of great work done, increased capacity and fulfillment all across the network. 
John Furner: That is something we haven't disclosed. What we did say earlier, which is important, is the absolute number of items is now over 400 million. We have a really strong leader in the business who's building capabilities. And we know that their seller demand, sellers all across the market are looking for more ways to diversify their own business. So this is a great time for us to make the improvements we're making with things like sign up and the ability to list catalogs more easily, and that's led to the item and SKU count growth. 
John Rainey: Oliver, this is John, David. I'll take the question on the initiatives. And one of the exciting things about this is actually how they all work together and importantly, not just working together, but how the investments that we're making in our supply chain helped to make this a profitable operation for us.  It's tough to single out one particular area. But if I had to, I'd say Marketplace is perhaps the linchpin of all this because that gives us the ability to sell third-party merchandise as well as first party. And just this last quarter, we now have over 400 million SKUs on our Marketplace. And a significant portion of those are -- actually avail themselves of our fulfillment services as well, which is a great benefit for us.  But as we get more assortment on the Marketplace, we get more eyeballs coming to our website. That allows more advertisers or makes advertisers want to spend money there to -- with the larger audience. And this all sort of works together.  And if you look at our e-commerce business today, it's an $80 billion business and still growing, and we have a lot of opportunity there going forward. And so we're we've always been known for price. But as Doug noted in his remarks, we're also now being known for convenience. And a lot of the things that we're doing are helping our customers live better with the convenience that we're offering. 
John Rainey: Sure. And I'll add, Simeon, that we do expect to see our return on investment improve marginally this year. That's what's in our plan. But that's really before we expect a sharper acceleration in the years to follow. And we'll give you more insight into that at our Investor Day, but we're very mindful that we need to show a return for these investments, but the good news is the early reads on some of the things that we're doing are really exciting and support that continued level of investment.  I'll give you an example. Like our perishable DCs, where we put some automation in place. We had a plan around what that would result in increased throughput in terms of cases per hour. The actual results are almost 50% better than that. And so that like gives us conviction to want to accelerate some of this. Same story with some of our e-commerce DCs, where we see a 12-step process going down to 5 steps, making us a lot more efficient.  And so these are high-ROI investments where we've got clear line of sight into the return. So to your point, this allows us to not only invest appropriately with our associates and continued technology but also to see margin expansion over time. 
John Rainey: Chris, this is John David. I'll start and then turn it over to Kath and John for a little more color on their segments.  But with respect to our guidance. Look, guidance is -- it's tricky in so far as you want to provide transparency, but you -- and also you need to balance that with reliability. And as we sit here today, we look at the progress that we're making in our business and we've got a lot of conviction and excitement around that, but there's a lot of uncertainty with the macro backdrop.  We've not been in a position where we've seen the Fed tighten this sharply. We see issues where delinquencies are up, and things like auto loans, you've got savings rates that are coming down. And there's a lot of unknowns in the back half of the year.  And so what we've attempted to balance with our guidance is a cautious outlook on the macro environment, but coupled with a lot of excitement about the progress that we're making. And so I think the read-through on our guidance is just that there remains to be a lot of unknowns as we're sitting here just a few weeks into the year. 
John Rainey: Michael, this is John David. Yes is the short answer. It's absolutely realistic to assume that. But when we put out multiyear targets, they're not designed or not intended to suggest that we can hit that in any economic environment, in any year. And so we're certainly -- our guidance this year reflects some of the pressures that we see broadly in economies around the world.  But we'll be able to give more insight into both our top line and bottom line in terms of what we anticipate over the next several years at our Investor Day in April. But we absolutely 100% believe that we've got a business that can drive that kind of outcome, where we've got sales growing at 4% or higher, frankly, as well as operating income outpacing that.  Again, it goes back to my earlier comments around some of the investments that we've made, not only in our supply chain, but in investing in our associates and some of our technology that really put us with a -- give us a footing to realize some of these results of margin expansion and outsized growth in our bottom line over the next several years. 
John Rainey: If I can just say one more thing, Michael, what we're fundamentally focused on is growing the absolute dollars of free cash flow each year. It's -- when we look at the composition of our business and how it's changing and the returns related to some of these initiative areas, it's just such that the financial architecture suggests that the operating income should outperform sales growth over the next several years. But fundamentally, we understand what creates value for shareholders, and we're focused on growing the absolute dollars of free cash flow. 
John Rainey: Yes, it's a good call out. I appreciate the opportunity to address that. You're right. If you look, particularly for the U.S. business, the incremental margins will be higher year than what you typically see, and in large part for the reason that you mentioned. We're lapping -- like even in the last quarter, we lapped $500 million of COVID costs alone in that quarter. But when you look at it on a full year basis, that creates a tailwind in terms of incremental margins. 
John Rainey: And I believe the last part of your question related to share count assumptions for this year. Let me take the opportunity to just talk about capital allocation broadly in answering that question.  We've been historically very balanced with respect to our capital allocation, both investing organically done in mergers and acquisitions as well as dividend and share buyback, and we will remain balanced going forward. But as we sit here today, I think the scales tilt a little bit more towards organic investment when we look at the returns related to that. Every dollar of capital has to compete for the highest returns. And as noted in my comments earlier, when we see the returns around some of these technology and supply chain investments, these are ones that we think translate into increased shareholder value.  And so relative to last year, you'll probably see us do less on share buyback. And therefore, it will have less accretion in terms of the earnings impact. But last year, we saw a dislocation in our stock and we were opportunistic and more aggressive at that period of time, and we'll always be responsive to factors like that in the market. But our planning assumption is to buy back less stock than we did last year. 
John Rainey: I'll start, Karen. And it's good to speak with you. John may want to jump in. But I'll start with the first part of your question. So the EBIT structure related to the U.S. business, there's a couple of factors there. One is, if you look over the last 12 months, we had a mix shift in our business from GM to food and consumables of over 300 basis points. And we actually don't expect that to improve this year. In fact, we expect it to get a little bit worse, not by the same magnitude, but slightly worse. So that affects the margin structure.  But as noted, our business composition, or the things like our initiatives, advertising, Walmart fulfillment services, those are contributing to a larger share of our overall business, which has less of an impact as we look at this fiscal year. It will be more pronounced as we get into the next year and the year thereafter that, where you see the margin structure change a little bit more. And certainly, LIFO is something that we expect to have some impact this year, but not a prolonged effect in the years that follow. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color on the EBIT profile.  With respect to our cautious tone and the fact that we tend to do well when the consumer is pressured. Look, we recognize that. We also think that we've got a great value proposition for consumers, and in good economic times too, and we're eager to demonstrate that.  But again, I would just point you to the fact that there's just a lot that we don't know. We could tilt into a recession. We don't know what happens to consumer spending. We don't know what happens to layoffs, household income. And so given that we're so early into the year and there's a lot of unknowns right now, we're simply taking a cautious outlook. 
John Rainey: Yes. Kelly, this is John David. I'll add just a little bit more color. And maybe looking at the fourth quarter is a good way to frame this. Our gross profit declined a little over 100 basis points. I think it's 112 basis points in the fourth quarter. That was predominantly if you had to bucket that. The largest contributor to that was markdowns followed by mix.  And so as we look at where we are today, with a much better position around inventory, and John, jump in if you disagree here, but I feel like this year will be more of a normal environment for markdowns. Or more -- certainly more normal than what it was last year. And to John's point, the mix impact is appreciably less than what the 300 basis points, a little more than 300 basis points last year. 
Doug McMillon: Simeon, this is Doug. I'll kick it off and then John David can add.  I think generally it's the latter. We feel like that our price gaps are in a good spot that we've made, the thoughtful wage investments that we need to make. That doesn't mean that wages may not continue to go up over time. But generally, the shape of the income statement is in pretty good shape. And then we've got these other items that are scaling that have changed the business model.  And so you end up mixing yourself. I think John David did a great job in his remarks describing we're going to face some merchandise mix pressure this year across markets, but the business model itself, the business mix, is changing. That's been our strategy, and now we're starting to see some of those numbers grow as in -- with advertising income.  I think in the investment category, the thing that we're most excited about is the automation opportunity we have, and that's reflected in our capital guidance. We've shared with some of you how excited we are about some of the things that are in front of us in distribution centers that will impact stores in a positive way. But that's more of a CapEx and balance sheet investment view than shaping the income statement differently, as we've done in recent years. 
Doug McMillon: I'd just quickly add. Our sales have been stronger these last few years. I mean, the 6% CAGR over the last 5 is a much higher number than you look -- than you would have experienced with the company previously. But then we had these unusual things happen with COVID costs and last year inflation and supply chain costs. And we're hoping for something that looks a little more normal going forward that would enable us to push through the strategy in a way that you see it in operating income growth. 
Doug McMillon: Oliver, this is Doug. I'll just second what John David said and then call out this last 5 years' performance again and say, 6% and 3%, 6% top line, 3% bottom line, is obviously not 4% and 4%. But we don't feel too bad about the 6%, and we just wish that, that 3 was a 6.1%, and we'd be in really good shape.  So we don't know exactly what the external environment is going to enable us to do. But because this business is based on value and has a breadth of categories, we are positioned to do well relative to the market regardless of what happens in the environment. And as we're doing it, as you've heard us say for a long time now, we're changing the business model so that operating income can grow while still having low prices.  Do both at the same time. That's what we've set ourselves up to do, and we're making progress at that, and you can see it in the results in the pieces that we've shared with you already. 
Doug McMillon: Robbie, I'll go first. This is Doug. John is going to jump in here, too. I just say that the way that the business model is evolving, that includes 1P plus 3P, plus the services that go along with that, including advertising income, to us, make a ton of sense. They're mutually reinforcing. We're excited about the progress that we're making there. And Walmart+ is one ingredient of that.  And we'll continue to describe Walmart+ to you, but not do that in such a way that the market gets overly focused on that metric. Because we want to be evaluated on several metrics, not just one metric. And we've seen other companies with some sort of shorthand where people are watching one metric to determine the future of the company. That is just not that simple in Walmart.  Obviously, people want to pay for delivery in bulk with an annual membership, not per delivery. That's what led us to this point. And now it opens all kinds of opportunities to us. And we like what's happening behaviorally with Walmart+, but it's just one component of a plan. 
Doug McMillon: Before these guys comment, I just want to quickly call out that we're profitable in food, and I don't want this to grow to the point where people think, "Well, they make money in general merchandise. They don't in food." There's a delta between all things, food, consumables, but there are some really profitable businesses in fresh and other areas. So we want to manage that mix, but I just don't want this to get too far out of balance. 
Doug McMillon: Thank you all for your interest in the company. I think the 3 headlines are strong results, great team, bright future.  On the results side, we have momentum. The fourth quarter was really good. We got the inventory into a good place. We're on our front foot as we start the year.  As it relates to having a great team, just look at what they did last year. When the world changed, they moved quickly at scale to deal with issues. They got them resolved. Q3 was better. Q4 even stronger.  And as it relates to our future, we're now positioned to serve the customer how they like to be served, stronger on convenience as well as being known for value. If they want to pick up, we can do that. If they want delivery, we can do that in various forms. And obviously, we've got great stores and clubs.  And then secondarily, the business model is changing. Some of the things we've been working on for these last few years are starting to scale, and we're excited about that.  So as we begin the year, we're going to stay focused on those things and drive them and have the best possible year. And we'll talk about our guidance at the end of the year to see how we did. We'll go drive the results, and that will be our focus. Thank you, all. 
