Doug McMillon: Hi, Simeon, this is Doug. And John or Brett may want to add some color too. I think it's important to recognize that there's more than one consumer. We serve the whole country. I assume you're talking about the U.S. in particular. So we've got a breadth of customers and they behave differently. As we said in our prerecorded remarks, for some customers, we are seeing some indications of change throughout the quarter, but that's not true for all of them.
Doug McMillon: Yes, Simeon, it's more about the speed than it is the other issue. Things moved quickly in the back half of the quarter. And as you mentioned, it sometimes creates a timing issue. So life doesn't begin and end with the quarter dates beginning and end, and we'll manage this as we go through the year. But the mindset and the ability of the management haven't changed.
Doug McMillon: Michael, this is Doug. I think it's more about market dynamics than it is relative to competition and I would expect to get these things back over time. As we mentioned earlier, things moved quickly in the back half of the quarter and it just takes a little bit of time to adjust. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're managing things at an item level from a pricing point of view. But below that gross margin line, there were costs related to fuel and then the staffing issue that we mentioned that just need to be resolved, but we see those as being isolated to the quarter.
Doug McMillon: Yes. I'll jump in. I think, John, you can add what you want. But on the food side, we're seeing double-digit inflation and I'm concerned that, that inflation may continue to increase. And then on the GM side, may see that turn faster during the course of the year. So when you look at our inventory numbers, part of what's driving the inventory up as we mentioned earlier, is that food is just inflated. So we'll manage in stock, we'll manage features and food. When you think about the general merchandise side, break that into apparel and hardlines. Apparel, we were appropriately aggressive as we started the year in terms of our inventory levels. And as we mentioned before, we can roll back prices in apparel as we've done and still be helpful from a margin mix point of view and we'll work through that as we go through the second quarter and beyond, if necessary. But the good news is we've got the summer in front of us. I'm not sure they have these issues in March and April and have them later in the season. And then on the hardline side, kind of the same thing. We've got basic side counter in stock that needs to be strong. And on the non-basic goods that we feature, we'll manage those inventory levels, take rollbacks, in some cases, to manage through the total. And as the customer pays more for food, their GM behavior is something that we'll watch closely. We'll not only watch kind of the opening price point and pack size change on the food side for some customers, the move to private brands, but we'll also watch what that means for the general merchandise side of the business.
Doug McMillon: One of the more fun and interesting parts of retail is the management of margin and blending the portfolio of items. And I always remember one of my first buying responsibilities was in food and the leader in our area, talked to us, this is quite a long time ago, about profit for the month or profit for the quarter and that we needed to raise profitability. And so, we asked the buyers, I was one of them, to come back with a plan on what prices we were going to reduce by the end of the day. And I paused for a second and thought, we're going to raise profit by reducing prices because that was pretty new, a rookie, but it's really cool to go back and look at which items may be elastic that have above-average margins, bring those prices down to make yourself up. So part of what's at play here is you've got food inflation moving up, but we've got general merchandise categories like apparel and some of our hardlines categories to play with. And the beauty of it is customers are even more price sensitive right now, they're attention, fuel prices are high food prices are high. And so when you bring something down in sporting goods or hardware, one of these other categories, they noticed even more than they would notice before, and that makes the elasticity impact be different than it would be otherwise, which blends the mix up. So we basically end up with a bunch of buyers that are portfolio managers.
Doug McMillon: We'll manage both. I mean, price gaps matter, and we know where to put our price gap to grow profitable growth. So we'll manage both actively. And we do want customers to have lower prices on food, and we want to sell more general merchandise. And so, we'll partner with the suppliers on the food and consumable side to try and bring those costs down. The lead times in many general merchandise categories are longer. So Peter asked earlier about the fourth quarter, obviously, we're thinking about units by category right now. But as we make those unit decisions, many of those are inflated in some ways. So you're managing dollars at the same time you're managing units to get an outcome and we'll actively manage both sides of it.
Doug McMillon: Not all of them can't afford to absorb this, that's where they need our help. And so we do, as we mentioned earlier, stay focused on opening price point food items, a lot for bread, a gallon of milk, a can of tuna, mac & cheese, protein categories. Are we helping a family that's at the lower end of the income scale, be able to afford to feed their families during this inflationary time. And given that stimulus checks happened last year, there was some benefit to some of those folks that is eroding over time. And as we look at the rest of the year, that's something that's on our mind.
Doug McMillon: I think the biggest issue as it relates to gross margin Q2 through Q4 will be mixed. And we didn't have favorable weather in the first quarter as the temperatures warmed up, we saw stronger sales in GM, apparel included. And so one of the reasons why we mentioned that Q2 looks like it will have less pressures that we think the mix will be different in Q2 than it was in Q1.
Doug McMillon: Let's go back to Paul for just a second. I think we missed the second half of his question and then we'll come back. He asked about the higher-margin growth businesses like Walmart Connect and whether we expect those to continue to grow. We shared that Q1 was up about 30%. Those ancillary businesses in the U.S. and around the world are growing, and we expect that to continue. And we're excited about that. Frankly, when I look at the Q1 results, I understand the response to a miss, but I hope that some of the underlying improvement that's happening and the shaping that's taking place with the business model isn't totally lost on people because I think that's going to continue, and it will result in a company that's more resilient and more diversified on the bottom line.
Doug McMillon: And Ben, you asked about the comment - I made the comment about being focused still on our original guidance. And I think that's the statement to what I see inside the company, what I've always known the company be high sense of urgency, really smart people able to work on - in any kind of challenge. We've seen that over the last 2.5 years. I think we've managed incredibly well in the last 2.5 years. So we're still focused on what we said at the first of the year, but felt it appropriate to reduce the guidance officially based on the first quarter. But it's one quarter to the year and there's still a lot of leverage to pull. So that's why I made that comment.
Doug McMillon: Yes, I wouldn't want to see us adjust shelf allocation much. This is more about just staying in stock and letting the customer decide.
Doug McMillon: No problem. No problem. I'll start by thanking Brett, and Brett has done an outstanding job for a lot of years all over the company. He's been a great partner, not just to me, but to all of us. His judgment, his character, his knowledge of the company, just who he is as a person, it's a great accomplishment to become the CFO of Walmart and you've done a great job, and we're going to miss you. And I wish we'd gone out on a great quarter and it still very tune you in that way. So you can chime in from the cheap seats when things get better. Speaking of things getting better, we're motivated to have a really strong year. I mean we are understanding the environment, trying to convey to you all what we see going forward. But we expect customers and members to come our way. We're going to keep growing overall. We're going to keep growing our share, and we're going to change the business model of the company to be more profitable. And there were some things that happened during the quarter that were different than what we expected, and we're trying to be very transparent about those things. And then with performance, earn your trust and just keep moving forward and make this as isolated of an issue as we can. There is a lot of uncertainty looking forward. Things are very fluid. I know you all are gathering information every day and so are we. And as I talk to people across the country and across the world, there seems to be more uncertainty now in a very fluid environment. And so we'll just - we'll deal with that. And we like the hand that we've got to play. We've got a great set of assets, we've got a great set of people, and when things are more difficult, we should outperform. And so our first-quarter performance is a disappointment to us, and we're going to put it behind us and have a strong year. Looking forward to seeing you in person, those of you that can make it to the meeting on June 3, we'll be down at Fayetteville, and we're going to have a bunch of associates and kind of get back to pre-pandemic type week, which we're all excited about and we hope to see you there. Thank you all.
John Furner: Hi, Simeon. Good morning. It's John. Just to reiterate what Doug said, we do serve a wide range of customers and certainly have seen strength in the consumer. We see growth in high-ticket items like game consoles recently with warmer weather, strength in patio furniture, grills, gardening, and hardlines, but we do see some consumers switching. We see categories like deli, lunch meat, bacon, dairy, where we see customers trading from brands to private brands. So we see both of those things happening at the same time. But as we reported strong topline results, we see a wide range of consumer behavior.
John Furner: Sure. Hi, Karen, it's John. First, just to reiterate, strong top line in the first quarter and our guidance on top line that would reflect our confidence that there will be strength in the top line. As you look at what happened in Q1 specifically, we did take on more inventory, but we've seen strength as of recently in general merchandise, given the warmer weather, we have a large number of rollbacks that are present right now, and the customer is responding to both very well. As I said, we have strength in high-ticket items, like durables and hardlines and then we do see some switching. On inventory, and particularly, we're up about 33% and the vast majority of that increase is a reflection of both inflation and inventory positioning that improves availability quarter-to-quarter, which we're happy with. And then we have some inventory, the remaining portion of the increase that we'll have to work through and sell through over the next couple of quarters.
John Furner: Hi, Bob, I'll take it. It's John. As we said, we definitely have seen an inventory increase. A large portion of that was planned. But certainly, the way we feel about it, given some of the switching and other things that I mentioned earlier, I mentioned categories like deli, lunchmeat, dairy, bacon, where we see switching. Our team and our suppliers need to do everything we can do to keep costs low so that we could have values for customers that are meaningful. That's the purpose of the company. We're positioned to do well in great economies and economies that aren't as good. So we're going to be positioning ourselves well to take care of our customers going forward and our teams and our suppliers, we both need to do more to help customers out.
John Furner: Yes. So on the basket, in the first quarter, we definitely had an impact due to the offsetting of stimulus from last year. We had a very strong quarter last year, one of the strongest quarters we've ever had. So expected an impact in general merchandise as we went into the quarter. And we did see increased strengthening in food as the quarter went along and then late in the quarter and then to the beginning of the month of May, we've seen strengthening in general merchandise. I think it's a combination of warmer weather across the country and the response to the rollbacks that we put in place. In terms of the consumer themselves, we've seen strong growth with higher income consumers, middle income, and lower income, but we do see a definite strength with high-ticket items, as I said, with some consumers than others, we do see some switching, which would include switching specifically from brands to private brands.
John Furner: Greg, on the basket, first of all, what we're seeing right now is an increase in traffic and ticket. We did see units per basket slightly lower in first quarter. We think that's a combination of some of the switching that we mentioned earlier, but also the offset of stimulus from last year. We had significant strength in categories that were affected by stimulus. As far as the inventory positioning, the growth in the U.S., specifically about 33%, as I said earlier, the vast majority of that is inflation plus the improvements in availability that we have prepared for and intentionally purchase over the last few quarters. And then as I said, there is a portion of the inventory that we'll need the next quarter or two to work through. Customers are responding very well to the rollbacks. We began those late in apparel in the third - for the first quarter and then extended more rollbacks into the second, and we're seeing a good response from both of those. So we think that over the next quarter or two, we'll sell through the remaining inventory, the increase that we have on the books right now, and as you heard from Brett in the prepared remarks, we did raise guidance for the rest of the year on the top line.
John Furner: Hi Kate, it's John. Let me take the first question. On price gaps, this is, of course, something that we look at every week, every day, and our role with our customers to make sure that customers can find values on everyday goods. I think that my team specifically in our supply base, we need to do more to control costs, to ensure that we can provide great value to retail for our customers. I mentioned a group of categories in proteins and dairy, where definitely see switching as we look at what's happening in the baskets. So I think we have some work to do in terms of ensuring that we're providing the right values and we're going to do that across the second quarter going into the rest of the year.
John Furner: We've really seen a strengthening in grocery over the weeks in the quarter. The quarter strengthened on the top line later into the quarter and remained strong early in the month of May, favored by positioning. We're happier with our inventory levels versus where we have been in previous quarters. And then with warmer weather, we've seen a reaction from the consumer in the grocery categories. In terms of the rollbacks, specifically, we position those over 10,000 rollbacks in seasonal and general merchandise categories. I mentioned earlier the inventory level up 33%, about more than half that the majority of that is not only inflation, but it is improvement in availability across the entire network. And then there's a portion of the inventory that the rollbacks and other things that we have in place already will help us sell through over the next couple of quarters.
John Furner: Yes. In terms of e-commerce, we had about a 1% increase in the first quarter, which is similar to Q4 last year. We definitely had pulled forward in growth over the last year or two given all the stimulus and change in consumer behavior. Stores were strong in the first quarter but what we're seeing so far in the month of May is strength in both channels. So it's like the growth is more evenly spread at least up to this point. On advertising, we're pleased with the performance in the growth in the U.S. market. The Walmart Connect team continue to make progress and grow our advertising business and we feel like that's an exciting part of what we're doing. One of our things that we stay focused on is the reshaping of the business and building a flywheel that will serve customers but also help the company raise income at levels that enable us to lower costs for our customers.
John Furner: On timing, Oliver, a few things that happened in the quarter that we did mention, of course, there was inflation that came through the quarter in terms of cost of goods, then there was the fuel cost charges that we mentioned that came in at very fast rate, really late February, early March. And then there was the pressure on wages that was really the month of February after the Omicron environment. And for the most part, I feel good about the way we have those costs positioned for now. Of course, it could change given that how dynamic the market is. And then on the entire flywheel Plus is an important piece of the flywheel. When you look at the flywheel and step back, we have the business that's in stores. We have our e-commerce business, including a marketplace. We're making progress in health care and financial services with the acquisitions that we managed to complete and have under the One banner. And then Plus along with Walmart Connect and data ventures are all important pieces of the flywheel. Really pleased with the progress the team has made in terms of growing the pickup business and offering more slots for customers, becoming more flexible and our NPS scores are improving those categories. It's great to see the team make the progress they've made.
John Furner: Yes, as Doug said, I feel really good about the rollbacks and the right presentations. We see in stores - I've been in stores all over the country. The store is excited about the rollbacks and the customer is responding. The execution has been strong. And as Doug mentioned, with food inflation with the growth we've seen in the first quarter, I'm also concerned about the rate at which prices have risen in the country and our team, our supply base. We need to do more to keep costs low. And where we see the switching from brands to private brands, we'll continue to watch that for a group of customers, but we've got to all work harder to keep prices low for the American consumer.
John Furner: Yes. Happy to talk more about that. When things like cost of goods increase and we make a decision with our supply base, if that's appropriate, then those types of increases do flow through retail pricing. But there were some things in the first quarter that happened very quickly. We mentioned the labor, after the Omicron variant, we had a significant number of people come back where we had been over-scheduling and overstaffing due to leaves, all came back at the same time. The fuel increase that happened so quickly at the end of February, early into March, those kinds of things, along with - we mentioned charges in supply chain and then we had this fire, which our team did a wonderful job, keeping associates safe and getting them out of the building, but we lost those centers, those were costs that came in very quickly that we feel are more isolated in the first quarter and some of those costs did not flow through because we believe they were short term in nature. So we'll continue to flow what we need to flow at the right timing. But Brett said something earlier that's really important. It's very difficult in an environment that's had so many dynamic changes to manage the margins quarter-to-quarter. Over the longer term, our team is very capable of managing this quarter, and we've done that for a long time, but not all the costs and changes happen when the quarter begins and when the quarter ends.
John Furner: And we want to ensure that we manage the customer message as an average. We serve a lot of customers and different customers are in different places, and we want to be thoughtful about customers all across the country and in different geographies, ensuring that all customers can get the value that expect from shopping with Walmart.
John Furner: Hi, Chuck, it's John. Good morning. As we said, the growth rate in Q1 was 1%, same as the fourth quarter. As far as capacity, what happened in Indianapolis was a tough event for the team to go through. Our team did a great job of keeping people safe, everyone was out of the building in less than 5 minutes, but the building was a loss. It was a large fulfillment center in our network. The positive out of that is we have a lot of stores and we have other fulfillment centers and went that about 72 hours. The team was able to reroute the majority of the orders into other places in the country. There are certainly some logistics costs with doing so because it was such a big center, but they moved relatively quickly. There was some topline impact, as you can imagine in each of these centers, particularly with our assortment, including our fulfillment services, there are unique items that are in each of those facilities. And as Doug said, just like our lead times are long in general merchandise so are that of our suppliers and our sellers. So there's some impact there. But looking at the business most recently, as we talked about with Walmart Connect and other parts of commerce, now that we're into the second quarter, early signs of May are given some of the increases in temperature, the seasonal categories have really taken off and that would include walmart.com and our e-commerce business.
John Furner: I think on margins in Q2 versus Q1 and we still have this issue where we've got to make sure we're doing everything we can with our suppliers to manage our costs so that we can keep food pricing in a great spot for our consumers. We think about our price gaps every day. We talk about it every day, every week, and we manage those carefully. And what we need to do is work together with our supply base in categories like we mentioned, in proteins and dairy, where we see some switching from brands to private brands. And we see switching from gallons of milk to half gallons of milk as said this morning. We've got to do what we can in those categories to keep costs low.
John Furner: And on the mix as far as where we are now, really good improvements since late in Q1, we mentioned the rollbacks in apparel those are high-margin businesses that are accretive to the total. So the rollbacks there. The rollbacks still help the business in terms of sales and margin. And then really, really pleased with the results in commerce, in stores regarding seasonal merchandise and what we're seeing as we get into the second quarter now that we've got some warmer weather it looks really strong from our view.
John Furner: Yes. We have - I have exactly the same way. We serve a broad range of consumers and we serve in different places. We serve customers in the store, we serve them at the curve, they pick up. We serve them in their home in their refrigerator and we deliver direct. So I think we just have such a broad range of offering that we can serve all consumers well. And if customers buy one item more than the other, we'll replenish it that way. But I see us staying in a position to be able to serve a wide range of consumers.
