John Furner: Hey, Steph. Good morning. This is John with Walmart U.S. Now, the first, I just want to appreciate our teams for all they delivered in the last quarter, the $105 billion sales number has been impressive, given all the challenges they have. And I just want to thank the teams for everything they've been through the last couple of years. When it comes to pricing, we really take a long-term view on this. And we manage pricing for both customers and shareholders. We're constantly monitoring our share, our price gaps to competitors. And we'll continue to do that as we move forward. And then what we're seeing right now is not only gaps that we're proud of that are valuable for our customers, but we're also seeing the opportunity to increase some of our rollbacks in stores. And we're really proud of the team. We're seeing about the same number of rollbacks now that we had at the end of Q1 last year.  So while we have supply chain challenges and other costs coming through, the teams are doing a nice job managing mix and pricing and looking after both our customers and our shareholders.
John Furner: Yeah, Bob, this is John. And then a couple of things. First, I think the advertising business is a reflection of the momentum we have in total Walmart U.S. And I'm really proud of the way the team has helped position us to serve customers any way they want to be served, whether that's at home, in the refrigerator, at their front door, at the curb or in store. And the Walmart Connect business, specifically the reason we named it Connect, is we're connecting buyers, sellers, suppliers and customers. And we have a unique opportunity to be able to help sellers and suppliers reach customers in a way that's effective for them, grow their business and do it in a way that is positioned on top of an omni retail platform.  So certainly, excited about the growth, I'm excited about the capacity additions in store and in Walmart Fulfillment Services. Those enable sellers to be able to transact more frequently with our customers. And that's really the key to the growth of advertising is have the large seller and supplier base that can reach our customer base.
John Furner: Add too Karen I mentioned just a second ago, proud of the momentum and the positioning being an omni retailer. But also excited about the shape of the business model and how it's changing. Brett laid out last year, early the growth algorithm and the way that the business model could change over time. And the services that Doug just referenced for sellers, including Fulfillment and Marketplace, Last Mile, GoLocal, all these things help so many businesses reach customers in addition to just the Walmart business. And they all have an impact on the operating model, which I'm really quite excited about.  And these are components that will help customers, number one, they'll help shareholders and they'll help us position the way that we offer value to customers all across the country.  So at GoLocal, we talked about the number of points that we have today. That's expanding. Our Last Mile business is expanding. We'll have a fleet of electric vehicles coming online over the next couple of years. So there’s just a lot going on that is going to take a lot of friction out of customers' lives, help them stay in stock at home.  And then with the improvement in fundamentals over the next year. I'm also very excited about our ability to manage through whatever external forces that we see. We've got a lot of experience doing this. We’ve got great team that are ready for this. And the strategy is really clear.
John Furner: Something that Doug said is really important about improvement. One of the most fun parts of working at Walmart is having such a large team just every day get up and try to be better than they've been and run a better business. And I've enjoyed that for almost 30 years.  But one of the things that's really important in your question is, as we serve really all income groups across all geographies in the U.S. and last year, we saw growth amongst income groups and geographies. So I think that's a clear reflection of the number of choices that we offer customers. We offer customers experience through Walmart.com and e-commerce. We offer customers pickup experiences, we offer in-store and just about everything in between, including home delivery, which will expand to a significant number of households up to 30 million households this year.  So I think our ability to serve all across is quite important going forward. And for the team this year, we'll be really focused on execution. I know Sam's would say exactly the same thing, but across the geographies and income, we're well represented. And we're going to fight really hard to deliver great execution for customers all across the year.
John Furner: Good morning, Kate. This is John. Let me talk about Q4, and then I'll come back to the supply chain. I think in general, we were seeing really nice improvements in in-stock late in Q3, early Q4. We're happy with how the holiday season turned out, including the ability to deliver seasonal and hard lines across the quarter which you saw.  A couple of strengths that really stood out were the apparel business and our Health & Wellness business were both strong throughout the quarter. Those resulted -- due to demand, those resulted in pretty decent sell throughs. And then in January, with the effects of Omicron we took a step back in in-store in-stock and the line.  But what we're seeing right now is better flow through all across the supply chain. You heard the increase in inventory, a large reflection of what is inbound. So we see recovery is pretty quick. There are a couple of categories in the store that you'll see some out of stocks that are really national issues.  And as far as the supply chain, we talked about it in Q3. There were some significant improvements in flow through at ports, changing lead times, getting containers moved into the country and that's all helped. But just a reminder, about two thirds of what we sell is manufactured or assembled here in the United States. And we see growth across those categories as well. So I think we’ll see much flow in the next few weeks and months and get us into a really good position as we lean into the first and second quarters.
John Furner: Hey, Chuck. This is John. I also echo congrats to Brett on a great career. Thanks for mentioning that.
John Furner: But definitely he has made a nice impact. Chuck, a couple of things. We said a second ago, we do serve the country broadly, we see the ability to serve all income groups. And things like private brand versus brand, we don't really see this point. We see really strong demand. Private brand penetration is about flat.  So at this point, we see really strong demand and the customer who's in good shape with a strong balance sheet. So we're optimistic that the inventory pull-throughs that we have done and have in transit will get us in great position to be able to serve customers as we get into this fiscal year.
John Furner: And I'll just add a couple of things there. First, having digital relationships with customers is so important. More and more, we fulfill from stores to stores -- our stores but they also act as fulfillment centers, as we said earlier. So this ability to interact with customers digitally is important. Our workforce is becoming more digital.  You got over a million associates who have a device in their hands from the minute they walk in until they leave, so that's saving them time. And then finally, I'll just reiterate what Doug mentioned is automation and supply chain and using automation to augment the things that our associates don't want to spend as much time doing so they can spend the time on the things that are value added, like in-stock and availability.  And I'll just close by saying our optimism and improvements this year is we've got a lot of room to improve in in-stock and customer ability that we've seen over the last couple of years. We're really proud of the growth. We know we could have done a lot more had we had the inventory position at the right time and the right place. So I'm really optimistic that there is upside on the top line.
John Furner: Yeah. Oliver, on the consumer, I'll just start there. I see the way Doug is very excited to see some of the changes because the consumer, which historically in the past, you might have thought of as the consumer fits in the segment, consumers segment, depending on the day or the week or the hour of the day. Consumers sometimes need things right away, which we can do in under two hours of express delivery. They may need a pickup order in a couple of days, and they may need something for our kids’ birthday party this weekend. And we can work with all of those. And that's really exciting. On fintech and health care, specifically those are on our flywheel for important reasons. One, in fintech, we're excited about the potential acquisitions that we mentioned pending regulatory approval. But we're looking for modern innovative ways to offer customers the ability to access affordable financial solutions and financial products. Because considerable number of customers, including middle income customers, are underserved when it comes to financial services. And we believe that we have a role that can help there and we get it in a way that's digital. And then just going on to Health & Wellness, it's a big question with all these things that you have in there. But the health business was our fastest-growing comp business in Q4. We are excited about continuing to be able to serve customers at the pharmacy. Our pharmacists and pharmacy techs have done a tremendous job this last year in serving customers.  And we're seeing with the addition of things like our telehealth company and other services, the ability for our pharmacists and tech to practice at the top of their licenses and really help customers live better. So you put all this together, all of these opportunities really do position the company to live through its purpose. And that’s to help customers money so they can live better in the combination of retail, financial services and health and wellness do that really well.
John Furner: Hey, Ben. It's John. Thanks for the question. On the rollback, this is all about making sure the customers see value. At a time when prices are rising in so many parts of the economy, being able to offer customer value and find inflation is what we do. It's what our merchants do. And that will continue.  As I said earlier, the counter rollbacks today is up pretty significantly from the end of the third quarter and about to where it was at the end of the first quarter last year. So I'd say I was just -- I was in the store across the street early this morning, and we've got rollbacks in consumer electronics and parts of dry grocery. And those values really matter as customers become more concerned and they think more about inflationary pressures.  So we'll continue to be an everyday low price retailer. That’s our platform. We want to offer great values with price gaps to deliver for shareholders as well each and every day that we operate. But we’ll make sure that customers see value in key categories as we get into this year.
John Furner: It is -- I just refer to things that we said in the past. A merchant here has so many levers between mix in categories, what they feature on the home page this morning at the top of the home page is a section on rollbacks. They can change that, they can change modes, they can change features. There are just so many things that they can do to manage mix overtime that it puts our team into a good position to do this.  We've got experienced people who know how to do this. And we have a number of associates here in the U.S. have worked in other markets where inflation is quite common, and that's really been helpful this last year to have that expertise inside the business.
John Furner: Hey, Christopher. Add a -- say a couple of things regarding the question. A lot of the phasing that are in the forecast definitely include strong customer demand. They include better inventory positions. We talked about inventory in total being up 28% with a considerable amount of that, that is in transit on the way, which does include general merchandize. But also has a reflection of what we believe would be better in-stock positions in food and consumables.  Now the quarterly phasing also has the lapping of stimulus last year. In the month we're in, we had a large ice storm last year in Texas. And then in the months of March and April, we had stimulus that was significant. So it does reflect that across the quarters. And I don't think I'd add anything else to that. Brett, unless you have anything.
Doug McMillon: Bob, you got one and you want both. That doesn't surprise me. I'll start with the advertising number, and John can add here. The business model is changing. I think that's the headline. We've got a business that's becoming increasingly digital, the eCommerce business, first party, third party is growing. It gives us the opportunity to grow advertising income. It's grown at a fast rate, and it's growing across markets.  The U.S. is important in that number. But India, Mexico and other markets are going to have growth there, too. And the margins are helpful. They help us keep prices low for customers and they help us deliver the operating income number percentage. So we're excited about what the future looks like as it relates to the growth of the advertising business.  We're not going to share Walmart+ yet. I don't really want to have the company defined by one metric. And with subscriptions being such a topic these days. Everybody gets really focused on that. Walmart is always going to be a business where you need to look across and see how the omnichannel business is playing out. There are going to be times when eCommerce grows faster than stores. And as we've seen recently, stores are attractive during certain periods of time.  Walmart+ is important. It helps us grow our eCommerce business. It helps us deepen the relationship with customers and have more data. And at some point, we'll probably talk about that number. And by the way, there are other types of memberships, not just in Sam's Club across the world, but in some of our other businesses too, that are growing.  So I think there will probably be a number of membership type metrics over time that you'll want to keep an eye on. But I don't think it would be good if we're going to get overly focused on Walmart+. Our ability to serve people with pickup and delivery has improved as we've made these investments. It's one of the reasons why we continue to tell you how much capacity we're growing to do that.
Doug McMillon: Thanks, Karen. I think the biggest sources of risk are external. It's been an unusual last year or two and figuring out how you lap stimulus, what happens with inflation, both on the cost of goods side as well as on the operating side will cause us to have to be good managers. But I think we've demonstrated over time that we have a lot of really good managers at Walmart. In terms of upside, I'm excited about what's happening in our stores and clubs. We've got great momentum in Sam's. There's a lot to be excited about in international. India continues to be really exciting. Walmex is kind of going from strength to strength Sam's business in China is good. So I think that Sam's International can contribute.  And then the Walmart U.S. side, John, you can jump in here too. I think we've got an opportunity to continue to improve both stores and eCommerce. And the fact that we're now up to 170 million items for customers is exciting and the way sellers are responding to fulfillment and seller services. And that relationship is really encouraging. So I think marketplace is one of those areas where we can see growth, including that last mile component that we're building out. I think that's exciting too.
Doug McMillon: Michael, this is Doug. I'll go first. As it relates to the 4 and greater than 4, what we told you a year ago was that, that is something we believe we can deliver or beat overtime. And as Brett told you, when we made that commitment and shared those numbers, there are going to be time periods that are higher and time periods that are lower. But overtime, we think that's a really sound set of numbers to share. And we thought it was important to repeat that because we still have that confidence.  And we have that confidence because of all the pieces that we've been talking about. The strategy is coming to life, the business model is changing. As it relates to this year in particular, we've got opportunities to improve in-stock, we've got opportunities to improve store and club standards because of what happened with COVID leave. There's just -- there's upside. And there will definitely be challenges. We know that for sure. But we just have these different opportunities to make choices to deliver the results. And we believe that it was important to repeat the number.
Doug McMillon: And Michael, you started by saying that the Walmart U.S. customer looks like the U.S. population, and it does to a really large degree. And so we'll serve everybody. And during periods of inflation like this, middle income families, lower middle income families, even wealthier families become more price sensitive. And that's to our advantage.  So we've been through this before. And we run with inflation around the world all the time. Inflation is a different environment in the U.S. right now than it has been in recent times for sure, but we’ve been dealing with inflation in South America and Mexico and other places and just to kind of understand what that looks like.
Doug McMillon: You mentioned e-commerce. We're continuing to manage contribution profit with e-commerce business as a standalone vertical. And apparel and home are important, and we've seen growth there over the last couple of years. And then the marketplace helps. The marketplace has been scaling faster, as you can see in the $170 million number.
Doug McMillon: Oliver, you covered a lot there, and your voice was breaking up a bit. But we think we got it. On the future of shopping, it's really exciting. I mean there are so many things that we can imagine. One of our challenges is just setting priorities and not trying to do too much. But we've got, obviously, a great strength in stores, and I think that that's clear.  The pickup business has been terrific in the U.S. for many years now. Delivery is growing around the world. This delivery that's happening that's unattended is exciting and this Walmart InHome business, which leads towards just keeping people in stock and they don't have to really think about buying the items they buy all the time and we then use that data to serve up impulse items will be part of that future.  We do think that social commerce around the world and what happens with wearables and AR and mixed reality will be part of our future. And we're obviously thinking about that and working on that. And this key, as I mentioned in my remarks, of stitching it together whether it's fintech or health care. And John, you should jump in on future shopping, fintech and health care, too. The way you stitch that together so that one business becomes a default for the other is the magic of it.  I mean if we can really become great from a financial services point of view, we can take out friction and cost for customers, make it more delightful to transact with us. Not even really think about transacting, John, as we've changed shopping experience as it relates to checkouts in the future as well as on our app and in other digital forms.
Doug McMillon: Good. Around the world, Scot, retailers are all having to manage this. And we talk about price gaps, our price leadership position for a reason because prices are relative and it's more fluid in an inflationary environment like this. So we have to spend more of our time paying attention to that. We do mix across categories. We think about things like opening price points and protecting for a lower income family some of the things that they need from a staples point of view.  And then as John mentioned, we use rollbacks to communicate not only the reality of prices are coming down at some places, but the emotion or perception we want customers to have about us being there for them and earning their trust during a period of time like this. So I wouldn't say that we're unique in having to work through that.  Of course, everybody is. But we are likely a bit unique with the depth of experience that we have and the talent of our team to be able to manage it and our longstanding supplier relationships and the way we work with them to try and help them get through the situation as well. The amount of communication between us and suppliers is always high. It's particularly high right now.
Doug McMillon: Thanks again for your time and attention. I'd just summarize by saying it's great to have momentum in all three segments as we start this year. I think it's clear that we're changing to serve customers and members in the way that they want to be served and having stores and in eCommerce business, pick up, delivery, fulfillment centers and marketplace, all of those things are helpful as it relates to that.  And the great thing about it is the way that we’re building these and designing them is that the company can grow earnings and grow the bottom line while we’re doing it. The business model changes and it enables the customer, a member to benefit and our business to benefit at the same time. So I’m excited about the short-term momentum and looking forward to the year. Thank you, all.
