Steve Schmitt - Wal: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Walmart's investor relations call to discuss third quarter earnings. This is Steve Schmitt, and I'm joined today by, Kary Brunner, Michael Brigance, Joey Smith, and Miguel Garcia from the IR team. Hopefully, you've seen our materials we issued this morning. I'm going to hit on a couple of key points in a minute, and then we'll open the call for Q&A. There will be forward-looking statements on today's call, which are subject to future events and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these statements. Please review the full Safe Harbor statement accompanying our earnings materials. So let me talk about a few highlights in the quarter. We had a really strong quarter. We have broad-based growth. On a constant currency basis, consolidated net sales were up 3.8%, an increase of $4.5 billion. We delivered adjusted EPS of $1. You notice our GAAP EPS was $0.58 a share. So we adjusted GAAP EPS for three items that are detailed in the release, I'll hit on the three of them. We recently completed a debt tender offer. We made an FCPA accrual regarding possible resolution of the FCPA matter. We made the exit of certain properties in one of our international markets. So excluding these items, our adjusted EPS was $1. We have good momentum in sales growth across the business. Walmart U.S. comp sales growth was 2.7%, with comp traffic up 1.5%. We saw about a 30 to 50 point positive impact to the comp from recent hurricanes. Our Walmart U.S. eCommerce sales grew 50%. Sam's comp sales grew 2.8% led by traffic and also had a benefit from the hurricanes. International delivered another solid quarter with 10 of 11 markets reporting positive comp sales. Excluding the charge for the FCPA accrual we disclosed today, we would have leveraged expenses as a company in the quarter, which has been a point of emphasis for us. We're now expecting full year adjusted EPS of $4.38 to $4.46, which is an increase from our prior guidance of $4.30 to $4.40. Fourth quarter Walmart U.S. comp sales are expected to increase between 1.5% and 2% on more difficult compares. Just a couple of reminders. We'll release our fourth quarter earnings on February 20, 2018. And like to let everyone know that next year's earnings release dates will be posted to our website. So please mark your calendars for that. And at this point, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Thanks, Michael. Let me talk about maybe two things; gross margin on a consolidated basis, and then on a U.S. basis. So on a consolidated basis, gross profit rate declined 29 basis points. And you hit on several of the items, so on a consolidated basis, we have price investments in certain markets, mix effects of eCommerce, which you mentioned, and keep in mind the U.S. hurricane-related expenses that we had. I'd also like to point your attention to operating margin and some of the things that just we'd like you to pay attention to, as we called out some items such as the FCPA accrual, international impairments, and hurricane impacts. So just keep these in mind when you're looking at overall operating profit performance in the quarter. For Walmart U.S. specifically, gross profit margin declined 36 basis points in the quarter. Price investments, as you mentioned, mix effects of eCommerce impacted as well. And the hurricane specifically, we estimate impacted the gross profit decline of about a third of that. So I'm not getting into all the details specifically, we continue to invest in price. We're operating with more discipline, and we'll continue to look ways to manage our margin, and ways that work for our customers and work for our shareholders. It's really the productivity beginning to turn for us. So you could see gross profit margin pressure from time-to-time, and we need to get more disciplined with expenses. That's our plan.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Sure. So if you think about our business, and certainly our DNA, we're about offering everyday low prices, both in-store and online. The fact is, some products are just cheaper to sell in stores, think about items like bottled water, so you'll see some price differences from time-to-time.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Thanks, Oliver. So the first question around smart cart technology. It's something that we continue to look at. We need to be thoughtful about it as we think about putting that potentially on Walmart.com, but nothing really more to add at this time. In terms of the Lord & Taylor relationship, it's going to be a unique experience. Think about it as a flagship store. This is expected to launch in the spring. It will be dedicated store on Walmart.com and in the app. We're excited about the relationship, the deep relationships Lord & Taylor has with great brands, and we know our customers look for premium brands on our site. So we think it's a good agreement, and we look forward to the spring.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Well, I think there's a lot of things. If you talk to Greg Foran, the CEO of our U.S. business, he could probably list a list of 20 to 30, maybe even more than that, from the time the customer walks in the door to the time they check out, from a booking standpoint. So, we continue to look at it. It's a point of emphasis for us. I think you can tell in our results, the customers like the changes that we're making in our stores, and we'll continue to look to make a better experience so they continue shopping with us.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: So we're happy with our in-stocks. We continue to make progress on inventory. You've seen more incremental improvements versus, I'd say, the step change improvements we saw last year, and we'll continue to look for improvements we can make in the business.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Well, if you think about Jet, and thanks for bringing that up. Jet was in the comp for a month, the way our comp calculations work. So there really wasn't much of an impact in the third quarter results. Really the way we think about eCommerce is really in total. Jet is a piece of our eCommerce business overall. We made the decision earlier this year to give more transparency on our U.S. eCommerce business, and we furthered that in our October meeting, so we'll continue to report on the eCommerce business as a whole. In terms of a glide path, we feel good about the direction of our eCommerce business. I think this quarter is another good example of that and we will report that as we go. But in terms of any glide path or volatility, we'll wait and see.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: We won't give the specifics of that. But we know it's an initiative. It's working for us based on our rollout plans.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Okay. So I think we have to manage labor costs like we manage other expenses in our business. One of the big initiatives that we have is, as we grow the business we want to be more disciplined with our costs. We need to be more efficient. We talked about some of the technology enablers that are helping with that. We have to manage labor costs and we have to look to do that in the most efficient way we can to reach the margin objectives that we have. So that's what we continue to do.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Well, you mentioned the sales piece of it which certainly helped. But it's really about becoming more disciplined with our expenses overall. I know we had been talking about that for a while now and it's a big objective of ours going forward. There's not one thing, it's just about being more efficient with the business overall. It's great that we started to see that in the third quarter. We've talked about our goals next year to leverage expenses and we'll continue to push towards that. But it's not one thing, it's a lot.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Thanks for your question. So, we continue to execute our pricing strategy that we laid out, I guess, two years ago now. The details of that, and you're not going to be surprised to hear me say that, that we keep pretty close to the vest. So pricing is a piece of what we're doing, along with customer experience and all the other initiatives that we have to grow the top line. So we're not going to give specific details of pricing, but we continue to execute the strategy, and our customers are responding.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Well, if you think about the Walmart customer base overall, it's actually a pretty good mirror image of the U.S. population in general. We're pleased with how new customers are using us in multiple ways, and really an omni experience we laid out in our October meeting, that the omni customer certainly spends more with us than single channel customers. So we continue to push that forward. In terms of different age groups or whatnot that are adopting at a faster order, we don't have that particular information. But we continue to move customers into the omni experience at Walmart, to use our brands in different ways. We're expanding our online grocery pick up, almost doubling it next year. We'll continue to do that, because we know that that's where the customer wants to use us in multiple channels, and we'll continue to forge ahead with that.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: We do quite a bit of research as you would expect, Chuck. So there's a lot of scientific data that we get, now I won't give you a scientific answer. The real – I think the nuts and bolts of it is that we think the customers reasonably, I mean, is doing reasonably well. We haven't seen a marked change over the last several quarters, certainly in our results we continue to, I mean, this quarter is a good indication that our initiatives are appealing to the customer, but we don't see a marked change in customers right now.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Thanks, Bob. In terms of the associate delivery test, we continue to learn from what we're doing. It's certainly an initiative that leverages the unique assets that we have. But not only associate delivery, but ground-based platforms to solve for last mile for really quick delivery for our customers. So we continue to watch that and learn from it.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: And nothing you can tell from our fourth quarter guidance of 1.5% to 2% that we feel pretty good about the momentum we have.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Maybe I'll take the second part of your question first Paul. In terms of the hurricane piece, I think we're as specific as we can be with what we laid out in the quarter with the Walmart U.S. business, the 30 to 50 point comp benefit. Sam's I think was 70 to 90 basis points. We talked about the net of sales and increased cost, gross margin and SG&A to be about $150 million headwind for the U.S. – Walmart U.S. business and about $20 million for Sam's. So I think we probably gave as much information as we could from that standpoint. In terms of Sam's overall, I think in the comp piece of it, what I'd point you to more than anything is strong traffic. So a 3.6% member traffic growth. We have members coming in more frequently. We have initiatives like Scan and Go that make it easier for members to come in and shop at clubs. And that's what I would point you to is traffic up 3.6% in the quarter.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Matt, it's really the same factors that have driven health and wellness and relatively consistent performance. There was a pick up this quarter as we continue to see script growth in our pharmacy, traffic is very healthy and we also have some new items in over-the-counter that are doing well and some of that obviously is driven by sickness so Cold, Cough & Flu (26:44) was strong this quarter, but branded drug inflation as well is a fact there, but really kind of the same factors that you've heard us talk about over the last couple of quarters, just a bit of a pickup in traffic this quarter.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: See from a geography standpoint it's SG&A, SG&A overall. And one thing to point out on the FCPA is, it did drive the quarterly tax rate up. So if you're looking at the year-over-year tax rate, the majority of it was driven by that particular accrual.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: I think the key is to be flexible. If you look at some of the partnerships we've had around the business, I'd point you to JD initially in China, to partner with really one of the largest eCommerce platforms in China, that's where a partnership makes sense. You have brands that we acquired, like Bonobos specifically, that give us really the unique access to great brands like Bonobos that we can leverage to be (29:14) proprietary to our platforms. And then you have things like Lord & Taylor that you can partner, a capital-light way to bring great brands to your site that we think would work for both parties. So I think the key is to be flexible, and we'll continue to be flexible as we look to build our assortment and give customers more options.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: I think it's tough to dissect and I don't have any, I don't think, useful information, particularly on ladies apparel. But, look, when you have a business of our scale that's growing like we did in the third quarter, I think you're taking share. It's hard to dissect on who from. So I don't really have any color on any specifics on that for you. But thanks for your question, Kate.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Thanks for the question. I think it's TBD. I think we'll continue to test, learn, and move forward. So we've got a lot of ideas. We have a lot of initiatives underway. A lot of you that came to Bentonville last month saw a lot of them, there were things that we're doing in-store that we're excited about. So I think you'll see us test, take some swings, see what works, and expand and fail fast on some initiatives too.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: We certainly take a look at the competitive environment, that's something we've done at Walmart for a long time. So we continue to do that. Our brand is about everyday low prices on baskets of goods, that's where the customers trust our brands for and (32:12) we'll continue to make sure we do that.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Thanks for your question, Joe. And we appreciate you notice in the KitchenAid's part of our assortment now and you may have seen that we also have Bose, which is – it's a great brand that now is associated with us. So, you worry about that, I think you always watch and learn and we look at the data. We analyze the data really well. We know that customers are looking for premium brands on our website. We think it helps the brand overall. So we'll watch brands like that. We're happy to have them as part of our assortment and we'll continue to learn.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: I think pricing is a piece of it. But I think over the last, call it, at least 12 months maybe closer to 18 months now, there's been an increased focus on getting back to the basics, giving the customer a better experience and we're starting to see some green shoots there.
Steve Schmitt - Wal: Thanks. Thanks, guys. We appreciate. We don't have any more questions in the queue. So I just wanted to thank everyone for their time, for your interest in Walmart and happy holidays. Take care.
Kary Brunner - Wal: Yes. Simeon, this is Kary. It is on both. Really solid performance in automotive as you've seen over the last number of quarters and it goes from, certainly a step up service aspect but also good price point on things like tires for instance that are driving customers increasingly to Walmart's automotive area.
Kary Brunner - Wal: I think it's great that the customers earlier responded to areas we've spent a lot of focus on, particularly fresh areas, fresh categories and that business has really sequentially improved. Price points are right. There's a good assortment. The presentation within the stores is really, really good. And then top that off with online grocery. So I would say that's certainly key areas on top what Steve said.
Kary Brunner - Wal: Sure, Karen. Penetration does continue to grow. And I think what's great about this is it spans multiple categories. You think about areas like food, where we're introducing different private brands. You saw an announcement earlier this quarter about our Baby, and improving the private brand offering within our Baby categories, certainly in consumables, health and wellness, you have a good selection. So it's a key area of focus for us, as you've heard from Greg. Often, we think there's an opportunity there to give an improved quality at the right price point for the customer, and that will continue to be a focus.
Kary Brunner - Wal: We've seen really improving trends overall over the last number of quarters in the grocery business, and it really gets to a lot of the things we've talked about earlier on the call. More discipline around, stepped-up presentation for the customer, good assortment, our fresh business has improved, price points are right. So the customers are increasingly coming to Walmart. Traffic continues to improve in the grocery business as well. And ticket is falling, we talked about increased units. So certainly, hurricanes are a factor within the number, but you've seen continued improvement in the grocery business, as we've spoken about over the past year.
Kary Brunner - Wal: As far as business performance month-to-month, we really don't get into those details. There's just a lot of noise and variability from holiday shifts and otherwise. And certainly with the hurricanes there was increased noise. So overall where we land it was in a pretty good spot.
Kary Brunner - Wal: Yeah. We have a great holiday planned. We think we've put together something we work on for a long time and even spend some time with kids and picking out toys and electronics that they increasingly use. And so we think we have a good assortment of product for the holiday that will appeal to a large portion of customer. And I think we'll have that assortment available in a big way both in-store and online.
Kary Brunner - Wal: Yes, we definitely sold more units and our – again, this gets back to some of the areas that we've talked about already on this call. The food business being very strong, health and wellness continues its good trends. And we saw a pickup in some general merchandise categories as well. Areas like hard-line, automotive performed quite well again this quarter and even saw a tick up in apparel. So, all those are contributing to the overall ticket performance.
