Doug McMillon: Thank you, John, David. Before we take your questions, I want to say a few words about the leadership changes we shared yesterday. Let's start by celebrating Judith. She has done a fantastic job in many roles over the 27 years she's been part of our company. She leaves her most recent role having delivered strong results and having transformed the business. It's a different portfolio, better positioned for the future, it's better positioned for growth on the top and bottom line. She strengthened our culture and sets us up for a digital future at the same time. We're grateful. We talked about Kath moving into the international leadership role. The results Kath and our team have delivered at Sam's speak for themselves. Her experience and passion to serve customers and members will take us to the next level. It will be fun to watch her impact around the world. Some of you met Chris Nicholas and know how capable he is. He joined us five years ago in a finance role but with previous experience in merchandising and operations in several markets around the world. He'll keep our member obsession going in Sam's Club U.S. and pick right off where Kath left off. We also shared yesterday that Kieran Shanahan will join John's team and become our Walmart U.S. Chief Operating Officer. Kieran has 25 years with our company working in a wide variety of roles in all three segments. He is well prepared to lead this big team and the change that's coming through our automation investments in the supply chain. As they build these new roles, John, Kath, Chris and Kieran will have all four worked in all three operating segments of our business. There's not only a lot of store and club expertise in this group, but there's also a great deal of digital and e-commerce experience. These are omnichannel merchants that are purpose-driven proven leadership skills. The depth of leadership in our company is such an advantage, but times get passed and we keep running, keep changing and keep pushing things forward. I want to say congratulations to all of them. And now I'll turn it back over to the operator. We're happy to take your questions.
Doug McMillon: I'll take the last one first. This is Doug, Oliver. Thanks for the question. I'm really excited about what's possible. And we've been working for a few years now to try, and get our data in better shape so that we can really put it to work. We still got room to improve there, but we have made progress. And when you start imagining what we can do to personalize for customers, and members more effectively while still living in an EDLP world and driving the business model that way, because that's the winning strategy for us. There's a great opportunity for us to be more anticipatory, and to be more relevant to them, and communicate in a way that shows that we know who they are in a healthy way, while protecting privacy. So having that data, go to work with our own large language models, and using large language models from others, presents a tremendous opportunity. And I think it will unlock a lot of use cases on the customer member side. As I mentioned in the prerecorded remarks, the opportunity with associates is also terrific. The supply chain is the third area that comes to mind. So, I think, this will be an opportunity for us for a really long time to try, and grow top line and be more efficient as a company by putting that technology to work.
Doug McMillon: Simeon, this is Doug. I'll just add on. I think John David said it well, the two threads, the two questions are how is the automation work going? And how is that playing through as it relates to productivity? And that's a multiyear implementation of these various forms of automated storage and retrieval systems that we've talked to you about. And then the second one is how is the business model changing? And the engine for that is what's the digital percent of total, how is e-commerce growing and what's the pull-through to advertising and the other components that shape that business model. And the reason I'm repeating it is because I wanted to make the point that it's not just the Walmart U.S. business that's going through that transformation. As I've been traveling in International in the last few weeks, the commonality from Canada to Chile, and Judith had that team from Mexico in town this week, what Gui and the team are doing there, it's very consistent as it relates to how omnichannel retail is coming to life across our company. So I think those are the two threads to keep your eye on.
Doug McMillon: Hi, Kelly, thanks for the question. One, really happy with the performance. And the team deserves credit for a lot of improvements that enabled the 24% growth. When we talk about pickup and delivery specifically, I think I would take a step back and just remind everyone what we talked about at our investor conference and what we're ultimately trying to do with supply chain in the entire e-commerce business, is densify our inventory at the first mile, make the middle mile as efficient as possible and then shorten the last mile. And our store locations, over 4,700 locations in addition to the fulfillment centers, enable us to do that. So what's happened over the last year or so is more of our e-commerce business and deliveries have come from stores because that's where the inventory is closest to the customer and helps us with efficiency. So it's important to frame that, that is a part of the total. The way we measure this internally as we look at the number of transactions and customers and what they bought in the store, what they picked up and what was delivered. The second part of your question, really pleased with the progress in Marketplace. Our Plus event was a good marker for us in terms of what's possible. With the Marketplace, a majority of our revenue from that event was driven by Marketplace sellers. And I'm thankful to the sellers who participated and helped us find customers or helped our customers find value at a time when they're looking for value. And that was across all categories, including general merchandise. In fact, much of the event was general merchandise. So I think the team has positioned the Marketplace well. And in terms of the second part of your question with advertising, there are opportunities for sellers. There are opportunities for suppliers. We'll continue to learn, grow and experiment in stores and on the site. We want to ensure that Walmart Connect, the name Walmart Connect, connects our buyers, suppliers and sellers all to our customers in a way that's accretive to the customer experience. We want to make sure that customers are finding what they want when they want it. And if this business can help people connect together, that's great. And we saw that happen in the quarter. And the growth was higher than our e-commerce growth.
Doug McMillon: Hi, Edward. Certainly, we want to have a digital relationship with as many customers as possible, pleased with the growth overall. And as we've talked about before, Plus is an important part of the offer we have. I would pull the reason back that Plus has had more success to the very core of the offer. The offer was established to limit the number of deliveries people get without having a charge on those deliveries from both the fulfillment centers and the stores. We launched this in 2020, certainly had issues at that point with availability. And we've had inventory imbalances. But in the last year or so, the focus continues to be and improvements have been in the core, where we measure every week something we call perfect order. The stores are very focused on what we call the first-time pick rate, which is picking the order the first time they look for it. And then another thing that we do very intentionally is measure what percent of the order was delivered before there were any substitution. So what customers are looking for is exactly what they ordered at the time that they expected it to be delivered. And that's the way we hold ourselves accountable. Certainly, the other benefits are helpful. There are different features that people are using. And it is important to have a variety of benefits. But the core of the offer is the most important thing that we have to execute going forward.
Doug McMillon: It's important for us to have a wide range of assortment for a broad section of customers, where all over the country, situations are different for different customers. And whatever the situation is for any particular customer, then that's what we want to be there for. We've talked about this before. We don't set targets or percentages of the business that we expect private label to grow to or be a part of. It's important that we have values on brands, on branded items. It's important that we have values and quality across the portfolio in e-commerce and stores. And in the last few quarters, customers have chosen the private brands at Walmart at an accelerated pace. I think there are a lot of reasons for that. But if our quality and price were in the position that it needs to be, then they wouldn't repeat. So we'll continue to stay focused on quality and value there.
Doug McMillon: We're seeing leverage across markets with private brands, too, whether it's Great Value or Member's Mark.
Doug McMillon: When I was in Canada, they made me Great Value tomato ketchup potato chips. I'm out on that. But that's not - I'm sure Canadians love it, but that's one private brand item that I'm not a fan of.
Doug McMillon: From an enterprise point of view, just on the customer and member first, and others can chime in on that, I feel like that our position is one where if things do get tougher, they're going to increasingly look for value and we're going to be able to grow the top line. Hopefully, things do get better. And there are a lot of conflicting data points, but you guys see the same data that we do. There are reasons to be optimistic in areas like employment and the wage inflation that's happened. And there are other reasons to be concerned - as consumer balance sheets potentially weaken over time. But again, we like our position. We like it in terms of the breadth of product categories we can sell whatever people want to buy. We like it in terms of the way we can serve people, whether its curbside or its delivery or it's in a store club. So our job is to grow our share to win through the customer value prop, which is price, assortment, experience and trust. And whether that's in Mexico or the United States, that's the position that we put ourselves in, and we just need to execute against that. On shrink, John, you can comment too, but I'd just remind everybody, from a total enterprise point of view, we're more than a domestic retailer. And we've got 19 countries. We've got Sam's Club. We've got a variety of businesses. And so, it's not necessarily the same answer as maybe some of the others that are in the news of our shrink.
Doug McMillon: Shrink is comprised of more than one thing. That's part of it. And we do think that in some jurisdictions here in the U.S., there needs to be action taken to help protect people from crime, including theft. The other part of Shrink is more controllable, and we stay focused on that as a priority.
Doug McMillon: Hi, Michael. Thanks for the question. We didn't see COVID coming, and we didn't anticipate inflation to be as high as it - has been in the United States. So, if you could tell me what we're not anticipating right now, I might be able to answer your question about next year, I think your underlying premise that we kind of know what the shape is, and we're not in this position that we were 12 months ago with inventory has got some truth to it. As it relates to doubling down, I think we are being aggressive. We are currently going through our long-range planning cycle. And as we look at our opportunities to invest next year and over the next five years, we look at that board, and we get excited about it. John David made the point in a meeting earlier this week. It isn't it cool to be a part of a company that started in 1962 that sees opportunities to drive strong returns. With today's investments to help you contemporize the business for the future, and I agree with that. Like it's a really cool spot to be in. To have cash flow to have this strong business and to have opportunities in front of us that transform the business, and create another level of operational excellence through productivity, for example. So I think we've got an aggressive plan. We talked at the investor conference about our capital plan. And we continue to see opportunities to invest to grow top, and bottom line. We expect ROI to go up over time. It may not happen that every quarter, operating income grows faster than sales. But over time, as we said at the investor conference, we expect that to be the case, because of productivity in the business model shape. So, I'll just repeat what we said there. I think we're being appropriately aggressive given the environment. And I'm excited about that.
Doug McMillon: Just maybe one more comment on strategy. As we go through this year's cycle, and I think this was true to a large degree last year, I mean it's pretty common, but we know what the components are. And it's a challenge to execute across multiple fronts. And it's full-time work to run great stores and clubs. It's also a full-time work to grow an excellent eCommerce business, and there are lots of components to that, and it's got to happen around the world. But we've got the resources. And importantly, we've got the talent to do it. And so, I think the shape of that board kind of the where-to-play aspect of our strategy looks pretty consistent, and that builds confidence. We just - we're in execution mode, and we like the plan that's right in front of us.
Doug McMillon: Before I wrap things up, I just want to acknowledge the tragedy that happened in Hawaii in Maui. The company has stepped forward with financial support for the United Way and Red Cross, as you would expect, we're providing essentials providing supplies. We're flying merchandise there. We're bulking up on what people need. And our team on the ground has done a fantastic job. Our store manager there is Chris Pierce. And Chris and his team have supported the community there, as you would expect them to, and we're really proud of them. That was a terrible tragedy. I mean as we wrap up, I'll thank you for your focus on our business. As I mentioned just a second ago, we are really excited about what's in front of us. I think you know what the plan is. We're positioned to grow the top line. Over time, we can grow profit faster than sales through productivity, and shaping the business model differently, which will result in higher levels of return on investment, and we're excited about delivering that. And I'm grateful to what everyone did for this quarter. And I want to thank Judith for what she's contributed to this company. It's been really significant, and we're going to miss her. Thankful, she's sticking around for a little while to help with some things, and I'm excited for Kath and Chris and Karen. Walmart's got a deep bench, and we'll keep going. Thank you all for your time.
John Furner: Doug, I'd like to - I give credit to the team for improvements we made. If you think about where we were last year with inventory headwinds for this year. I was in stores this week, and it's really clear that stores have the ability, and our merchandising their store with discretion appropriately. They're on top of their markdowns. Back rooms are in much better shape. The second thing, I think that's helping is the e-commerce team, has done a nice job launching new products, things like registry for teachers in classrooms and parents and lists. Those are all working and helping back-to-school. And then the last thing that I'd say is the team is doing a really nice job with seasonal events and holidays. One of the things that we hear consistently from customers right now as they're looking forward to celebrating again, like they used to. That's a bit of a theme that's coming through, and we certainly saw that from Memorial Day, July 4, back-to-school started strong. So, we look forward to the holiday. It's going to be a big holiday season. There are a lot of dynamics, as John David and Doug said in the market. But we want - to remain very flexible and prepared to help people get together, and celebrate each of these holidays that in front of us.
John Furner: It is. And John David, I think our event, our plus event you mentioned in your remarks as well was a good example. We had a high level of participation from marketplace sellers. We've talked about the number of items available in the sites, up almost four extra a year ago. Our seller count has grown. The number of customers are growing. And Tom and the team have done a nice job building capabilities that will really help us in the future.
John Furner: They are - John David. And we've talked about this for a while that the flexibility in terms of what we offer is meaningful for customers. And the transaction growth. We're proud of the team. We saw that in eCommerce. We mentioned marketplace. Pickup and delivery have been strong. In-store traffic and transaction count has also been strong. So having an offering that's there for the customer. However, they want to shop, whenever they want to shop is helping us. And having as many locations as we do certainly is an important part of the equation when it comes to delivering. The last thing I would say is, is in general merchandise, and other categories where we have seen a number of rollbacks this year that are quite intentional. The results are really strong, whether it's the Justice 17-ish backpack or the Frito-Lay multi-pack from general merchandise to food, we are seeing rollbacks work across the business and customers are responding. They're choiceful. They're being thoughtful about what they buy, and our merchants have done a nice job of leaning in seasonally to ensure that our rollbacks are in the right places for the customer.
John Furner: Compared to a year ago, Paul, certainly, inflation is at a lower rate than what it was. It's been relatively stubborn in dry grocery more than other places over the course of the year. Price gaps are something that we spend a lot of time on each and every week. We start Monday talking about trading and what's happening in the market, price is always one of the major topics. We would assure that our value are right, and we are pleased with where the value is today. The grocery business is gaining share. Certainly, we're going to watch the market. As I said a moment ago, we do have a number of rollbacks that are effective in food. Our rollback count in food is higher than last year. It is lower in general merchandise than a year ago, but a reminder that last year we were clearing a lot of inventory that had been backlog, so the general merchandise rollbacks which are very effective are more choiceful, and I think reflective of the seasons that people are in. So, our job from here is to ensure that we're ready for people that are getting back to school all across the country in the next couple of weeks, colleges, we have tailgating season coming up Labor Day, and we're right into the holiday food season.  I'd say, too, I felt promotions is the easy solution to inflation versus doing the hard work of working with your suppliers to walk back all the commodity and cost increases that kind of have been absorbed over the last 2 years. So there's a lot of work in just tracking the cost of transportation. And then as that's come down, working back with each supplier to have a look at what proportion of the cost is impacted by that and how do you roll that back. So I know in Sam's, the team have a great big board. They ring a cowbell every time we get a cost decrease. And you flow it on to the member. And I think that's how we want to think about it versus thinking about how do we go out and do promotions.
John Furner: And Walmart - on our membership, consistent growth last few quarters, but we really did have a successful plus event, really good results all across the business. As I said earlier, the core of the offer is the most important thing that we deliver, and that includes perfect order or fill rates and availability. Customers trust us to be able to deliver their food, consumables and general merchandise items consistently and on time. On the question on private brand volume, I would also just repeat consistency over the last couple of quarters, and we've talked about growth of private brands really since the beginning of 2022. Again, we don't have targets on that. We want to be there for customers regardless of what they choose, whether it's a branded item or a private brand item on private brands. We stay focused on quality and value. And in some cases, like if you're in a store today, you would see a rollback on great value mustard, and it's working really well. It's a staple that has seen really great growth, because of values that we offer. So getting prices back down, and dry grocery is important for the consumer, and we want to be able to help them, and lead that in any way that we can.
John David Rainey: There are also categories of general merchandise that on our marketplace saw double-digit increases, things like home, apparel, hardlines, which really gives you an indication of how our business, is changing as we're selling more third-party assortment.
John David Rainey: On the second part of your question, Robbie, with respect to high-income consumers, we continue to see share gains across all income demographics. I think encouragingly for us in the quarter, the number of categories that we saw share gain and actually expand it. But this has been pretty consistent for five or six quarters now. And it really points to the fact that our value proposition is resonating with customers. It's not just about everyday low prices. It's also about convenience and convenience matters to every household income demographic.
John David Rainey: The biggest contributors to the gross margin expansion were really just the lapping of some of the markdowns that we had last year. I would point you to that as the single biggest contributor. But that's not to take away from some of the progress, that we're seeing in terms of diversifying or expanding these other higher-margin initiatives, and advertising is one I mentioned in my prepared remarks, up 35% for the quarter. But equally as impressive or perhaps more impressive is the advertiser count was actually up 60% year-over-year in the quarter. And it stands to reason, if we're gaining share and customers are shopping with us then advertisers are going to want to spend their money where the eyeballs are. So, we're encouraged about this, and it really illustrates the sort of this flywheel element of our business is we get stronger in marketplace, and some of these other initiatives that enables us to go out, and be better in advertising, and other things that tend to have a higher margin.
John David Rainey: I'll take the first part of your question on guidance and maybe start on holiday, before I turn to the segment CEOs. But on our assumptions on ticket and traffic, well, we saw a pretty equal balance between those in the second quarter, both were up, call it, roughly 3%. It would stand the reason that as we get into the back half of the year, and we lap some of these - some of the higher inflation from last year, that ticket in terms of balance between those two. We may see a little less in ticket. But we're really encouraged by, as we noted, the strength in units that we had in the quarter. So pleased about that. And again, we're gaining share here. So, I think our value proposition is resonating. With respect to the holiday, I'll just say one comment, maybe turn it to John. Consumers are not compromising on some of the holiday seasons. They're being choiceful in their spending, discerning. But around July 4 and some of the other holidays that we've seen, they're showing a willingness to spend. And we're - our team is leaning into that, providing merchandise that they want to buy.
John David Rainey: Sure, Simeon. I'll start with maybe a bit of a victory lap here. Because the first half of the year has actually been pretty good in terms of the relationship of operating income and sales. We've grown the top line at, call it, 6% and operating income at almost twice that. And that's much better than what we've done historically. So we're very encouraged internally that we're executing so well right out of the gate after sharing our goals at our Investor Community Meeting in April. As we get into next year, really what you're going to see is more of a continuation of the strategy that we laid out is we further diversified our earnings streams. A lot of these areas, like advertising and data ventures, these higher-margin businesses are growing at a rate much, much faster than the rest of our business. And so as you look at the math around that, our margins just want to go up. The other thing is, as you're well aware of, Simeon, are the efficiencies that come from our supply chain. And so today, we have roughly 15% of our stores that are served by automated regional distribution centers. And when you think about something like an e-commerce FC, that gives us efficiencies of upwards of 30% on things like units per hour. And so as we continue to roll out this automation to the rest of our network, we're going to see the benefits of that in our P&L. You're seeing it right now. And it gives us conviction and optimism as we look out over the next several years to be able to grow operating income at a rate that is faster than sales and perhaps appreciably faster than sales.
John David Rainey: You didn't frame the question, Simeon, in terms of return on investment. But I want to take an opportunity to talk about that. When we get to the end of this year and you look at our ROI on a trailing 12-month basis, we're going to see fairly material uptick if you look at our guidance, what's implied there. And that's more than what we expected at the beginning of the year. We actually anticipated that some of the improvements in ROI would be - would come next year and some of the years thereafter. We are actually pulling forward some of those benefits that we expected next year. And so we're going to see some of that this year.
John David Rainey: And Doug, I'd add that, of course, shrink is an important part of margin, but there are many parts of margin that are important to be able to deliver for customers. And the first is, we want to make sure that we're pricing as low as possible. So customers find the greatest value that they can possibly find. Shrink has increased a bit this year. It increased last year. It's uneven across the country. It's not in every market. Some markets are higher than others. But we do have the tailwinds that we mentioned earlier, which are cost of supply chain and markdowns from last year. So lot components go into this. We'll keep watching it. We don't want it to go up, obviously, because it could cause prices to rise, and we've heard that across the market, but it is a part of what we're managing and the team is doing a nice job with value, and the team is doing a nice job managing the margin in total.
John David Rainey: If I can just say one other thing on private brand. We discussed that because I think it gives a good indication on how the consumer is being pressured right now, but that is not a driver of our margin performance. While the overall margin on private brand may be a little bit higher, the dollar profit is about the same. And if you look at the shift in composition year-over-year, we're only talking 40 basis points. So this is not a driver of our financial results. So, if we see a reversion there, it's not going to have any outsized impact on our business.
John David Rainey: Yes. I would just add, Michael, just like you view a portfolio of stocks, you diversify, because it reduces the risk. I think in some ways, we're doing the same thing with our business. We're not solely dependent upon just what's happening with brick-and-mortar retail. Like we've got other income streams that, by definition, sort of the diversification of that, reduces our dependency on any one thing, and also reduces the risk around that, too. So, we feel pretty good about our outlook.
Judith McKenna: Hi. Yes. Thank you. I mean, the quarter was strong for international overall. And as you heard both John David and Doug mentioned, China was one of the stronger markets that we had along with Walmex, which had a 10% growth. And both of our businesses in India, Flipkart and PhonePe, both had strong quarters as well. A lot of that is driven from just really being close to the customer in those markets and the combination of value and convenience that we're now able to offer. Turning to China specifically, I actually got back to China this quarter for the first time in 3.5 years. What really struck me when I was there was the speed with which the consumer has moved. So, the move to online and digital penetration has been extraordinary in our business. It ranges in the mid-40% that we're seeing. And we have two formats there. We have the Sam's Club format and we have the hypermarket format. And what's interesting is both formats have got positive traffic and both are gaining market share. And I think the reason for that is that back to this combination of value and quality and trust that we're able to provide. Sam's Club, in particular, had a really strong quarter again, and we opened a couple of new clubs. We now have 45 clubs across China, and they're really combining great items at great value. And they're seeing an interesting trend in higher penetration of very high-ticket items in China too. In the hypers, I got a chance to visit some of our re-modeled new version hypermarkets. You've heard me talk a couple of times about the transformation in hypers that's ongoing, and I was really impressed with the thoughtful way in which the teams there have reduced assortment, brightened and freshened stores, increased signage, helps customers navigate not only through great fresh departments, but also made the general merchandise shopping much simpler. So, I think you have two formats there, both of which are leading in the segments in which they operate and that's helping us win customers. And our associates, I will just say there are doing a fantastic job, and it was just great to see them after such a long time.
Judith McKenna: If we're talking about e-commerce and Marketplace, it would be particularly be remiss of me not to talk about Flipkart and the growth that we've seen there. We were there as well recently. And that business is just continuing to go from strength-to-strength. It's consistently performed in line with our expectations over the last few years. I'm really pleased to see the positive contribution margins continue and then their business mix is really quite healthy. So seeing strength in hardlines, particularly across mobile and electronics as well. The scaling of their ecosystem is also helping contribute not only to the overall business, but also to their advertising revenues well. So interesting, coming back to this theme of quality and convenience to people, they recently launched in their Cleartrip business, luxury packages of holidays in India, which are going incredibly well as well. Myntra, which is the largest fashion online retailer in India as John David mentioned as well, they've just launched a MyFashionGPT capability as well, which is quite incredible. And I used it this morning. I put in, what to wear to go to the airport? And they gave me, to England, to the airport. And they gave me, Black T-shirt, black leggings, a jacket and sunglasses, which I think was rather optimistic using the sunglasses for England. But it shows you the power of what I think gen AIs can do in the future. And it's really coming to life in India. It's just a great business, and be proud to be able to be associated with it for the last five years.
Judith McKenna: Yes, Member's Market, of course, is available in our Sam's Clubs globally, around the world but also many other items as well. And I know you were in Chile recently, Doug, and they have a phenomenal international foods aisle, which is showing incredible growth, many of which are private brands, which are imported from around the world, from the rest of the Walmart world.
