John Furner: Sure. Kate, a couple of things on inventory. First, I think the team here and the merchants, supply chain teams have done a really nice job improving the year-on-year results from second quarter into the end of third quarter. As we said earlier, up about 12.4%. That's down from just over 26% in the second quarter. The first thing I think is important to consider, if you look back over the quarters of the year, in Q1 when we were the highest, the majority of the extra inventory was in supply chain and part of the backlog problem, then the second quarter that balanced more evenly between stores and the total, and in this quarter, at the end of Q3, what we see is an increase of 12.4%, but the stores are still heavy. So the inventory has moved from the supply chain to a balanced and now it's in the store. And when you look at the dollar amount that's up, about 70% of it, 3/4 of it roughly is inflation and the rest we can approximate to pretty significant improvements in in-stock over last year. Last year, we were quite low. So we see a really recent improvement in in-stock. And then specifically on your last question, probably around something just under $1 billion, around $1 billion would be what will we consider excess. That's down pretty significantly, about a third of where we were at the end of Q2. So we're making improvements. Apparel and certain categories in GM are the heavy categories, and we'll continue to work through those. And just a reminder, we said at the beginning of Q1, we needed a couple of quarters to work through the inventory and we continue to do that. And then John David did mention in his commentary that there is room in our forecast to continue making progress on inventory. But I was in an import center last week, and the inbound is in really good shape. The orders are in line. So I think the team have done a really nice job adjusting to the end of the year.
John Furner: Robbie, let me talk about private brand, but more broadly first, we want to be positioned for customers whatever they want, whenever they want it between the stores, pickup, delivery, e-commerce, Walmart InHome, we're prepared and positioned well to serve a variety of customers. And that would include merchandise strategies like private brand. And we've been pretty open over the years that we don't necessarily manage private brand to a specific target, but what we do in private brand is develop great quality items and great values and then we are there for customers in whatever situation that they're in. And we've seen some customers this year trade into private brands more than they did in the previous year. That's not necessarily true of all customers. Customers shop differently, depending on the position that they're in. And one of the things John David said that's important is a large percentage, the majority of our share gains in the last quarter have come from high-end customers. So we want to be ready to serve customers with great quality, great value, private brand items. We also want to be able to serve customers well with premium items. And we definitely see that in channels like e-commerce and pickup.
John Furner: First, I think something you said that is really important, the traffic that comes from food and consumables is where a lot of our shopping journeys begin. And over the last few years, we've positioned the business to have a strong online pickup delivery business from stores, which includes an omnichannel approach, which enables customers to shop the entire business any way that they want to. In the last quarter specifically, I think there's been really good progress with a number of items that have come on to the Marketplace, including the number of sellers. The offering has grown pretty significantly just in the last quarter. The count of item's up about 50% which positions us well in categories like apparel as we look forward and also other strong categories like home. On the share point, I think the categories you mentioned, in one of our reports would show share gains and others, we feel pretty good about the overall market share remaining in a positive position through the quarter. So for the next 3 months, we're really focused on delivering and executing well for all of our customers. There will be a lot of holiday spending as people prepare for gifts. Doug mentioned earlier that our first annual event was basically in line with expectations. But there's a lot of daylight between now and the end of the quarter, still 75 days to go. So we're really focused on the next few weeks as we lead into December and get ready for the holiday period.
John Furner: Yes, exactly right. Chuck, yes, the business has really positioned itself to be an omni business. So we are ready for customers however they want to shop. Certainly, I would just repeat that in higher income customer groups, we're seeing more and more often. We're also seeing more digital engagements with customers, more app demos, more users, people shopping more frequently. And I think that speaks to the strength of the flexibility of what we've built. And for a long time, we talked about the value of a store customer plus shopping on e-com, how much more valuable that was. We see that accelerate when it's pickup, e-commerce and stores. So going forward, you'll hear us talk about this more and more as an omni offer which is really flexible for the customer and doing things like having options for Thanksgiving meal that are priced the same as last year are really helpful at a time when customers are feeling the pressure of inflation. And then the last thing, regionally, no real differences to report in the third quarter across the geographies. We saw strength in many geographies. So I wouldn't say that there's anything that would be a real standout in terms of one region being much stronger than others. The formats were strong across the board, and we saw consistency throughout the quarter.
John Furner: And Peter, it's John. I'll just talk about private brand for a second. What we've seen really for the last three years up until Q1 of this year was a flat private brand penetration, not much movement in '19, 2021. And then the movement, the trading to private brands from other brands really started in about March of this year. And then as we said in the quarter, it's increased its penetration in the food categories by about 130 basis points. So a relatively decent amount has moved into private brands. As far as comparisons to prior periods, I think the last time we would be able to say anything about this is probably 12 to 13 years ago. So I don't think I have anything today to offer with specificity other than what we've seen in the last three quarters is quite a bit of switching amongst some consumers. Now there are other consumers that are trading to Walmart that are not trading in private brands. They're branded customers and they're buying more premium items. So again, I would just repeat the fact that we positioned ourselves in terms of merchandising in the portfolio and with the channels by which we serve customers in a very flexible way so that we can help customers in whatever economic situation they're in and we'll be ready for the rest of the year.
John Furner: Scott, the thing I would add, and I agree what John David said, really 3 parts of this. First, we have to focus on what we can control in any environment. And that would consist of great merchants, positioning our sales for value, which is relative value and taking a longer-term approach to the consumer; and then finally, strong execution. We've made some progress with inventory, as we said, quarter-to-quarter, from high 20s to just over 12% over the last year. So having an inventory position that's strong going into the year with some flexibility is a really important part to be able to manoeuvre any environment that we get into. So we'll continue to focus on those three, and we'll be ready for customers in any scenario that we find ourselves in, in the next couple of years.
John Furner: Hey, Paul. What's exciting about the rest of the season is we still have a couple of big events this month. We're excited about Thanksgiving next week because of the way we prepared in the food business. And then we have an event in December that we're looking forward to as well. The customers that are trading into the brand, as I said earlier, it's a mix, which is great. We're seeing more customers more often. We're seeing them in more categories. Historically, in the last quarter, we do see a lot of new customers who come in via food and consumables. And then through the digital experience, what we did over the last really 12 months was integrate the original Walmart grocery shopping app and the Walmart.com app into one place. So the entire assortment, up to 350-plus million items, are all there in one place. So I think we're positioned well to be able to navigate. As far as promotions, as we said earlier, the guidance would include the ability to react to a more promotional environment, but we don't know yet. It's still mid-November, and there's a lot of room between now and the end of the holidays, including New Year. So again, we'll be prepared for any environment that emerges over the next few weeks.
Doug McMillon: Kate, this is Doug. Thanks for the question. I would just point out that we handle inventory and think about inventory in 2 different categories. The first category is replenishable merchandise, where we want to be in-stock all the time. We -- even though we were heavy in inventory through the course of this year so far, we did not let up on trying to get in-stock on replenishable goods and wouldn't want to do that. That second category of non-replenishable items, which are often features, we're managing that aggressively category by category and don't want to get too conservative. There are some places where we should still play offense through this quarter and into next year. And then lastly, I think it was appropriate for us the last couple of quarters to break out how much inventory we wish we didn't have. That number is getting down to the point where we probably won't be talking about that going forward, because we always have some inventory we don't want, even in a more normal circumstance. So we've made a lot of progress, feeling a lot better about it.
Doug McMillon: I'll take the supplier question first. we're not really changing what we've always done. We are trying to find ways with our current suppliers to get costs down, provide value to customers and members, and we're trying to be creative about it. And in some instances, some suppliers are more aggressive than others, and we welcome that. And we're going to try to do the best job we can category by category, item by item of getting prices down as we head through next year. That's been consistent. That's the way we always behave, and there's not really anything different as it relates to that.
Doug McMillon: As it relates to the strong start, Robbie, this is Doug, and then I'll toss it to John. The quarter just started, and as John David said in his remarks, we're trying to build in some conservatism. I think the fact that we're strong in food and consumables is relevant here, and we mentioned that annual event activity that we've experienced so far is in the range of what we would expect generally. So it's just early days, we'll see how the rest of the quarter goes.
Doug McMillon: Yes. I'll respond to the first one, and then John, you can help. As it relates to customers shopping with us more frequently, this share gain with people making more than $100,000 household income is what I was referring to. As you would expect, just about everybody, if I think about the U.S., it's probably true in Mexico and other places, too, shops at Walmart at some point. A lot of people may come to us for Tide or come to us for bananas, but they may not buy a T-shirt or a sweater. We've got really high market shares in some general merchandise categories which would tell you a lot of America shops at Walmart. And during a period of time when people are more sensitive to price, it makes sense that they would increase the amount of their wallet that would be coming to Walmart because of value. So that's what's happening. So that leads you to the second question, which is can you keep them? And I think some of the things John mentioned a minute ago, like pickup and delivery help. But as I mentioned in my remarks, fresh food and apparel are other areas, home's another one, where if we can stand tall during this period of time, we think they'll keep coming back to us because we do have quality, we do have value and we've created a lot more ways for them to save time in the store and we pick up in delivery. So that's what we're out to do.
Doug McMillon: Yes, Michael, this is Doug. The algorithm is the first thing that came to mind when you asked the question about how we'll approach prices. The 4% and greater than 4% numbers are certainly on our mind, and that indicates that we think we can grow the operating income percentage of the company over time. As we navigate next year, that will be one factor that we're thinking about. Obviously, we'll be thinking about customers and members as well and driving top line and growing share. So we'll be navigating it basically week to week, month to month as things change. And commodities like protein categories have already started to respond. They moved quickly based on demand, there'll be volatility in categories like fresh food. The general merchandise categories have started to move as demand softens. And things like transportation cost change. We've seen some downward movement in general merchandise. And I think that will continue by the guess in the next year to some degree. And we'll manage margins in a price gap in general merchandise department by department, category by category as we always do, but have an eye towards leading down while protecting profitability as much as we can. I think dry grocery and consumables will be more stubborn. Wage rates have gone up, and that won't change. And some input costs have been high for those categories. That's the area where we need to partner even more with our suppliers and come up with more creative solutions and try to do the best we can of relieving that pressure for customers and members. When you add it all up, we'll watch our price gaps. We like where our price gaps are. As you've heard us say many times, we understand where price gaps need to be to drive our sales. And then we manage the rest of the pieces to consider operating income and return on investment.
Doug McMillon: I think what you guys have done on the Thanksgiving meal is a great example of how we're helping relieve pressure. There, Peter, a group of items that make up kind of the scratch cooking aspects of Thanksgiving, 25 items for $88, the same as last year, that's one basket. We've looked at Thanksgiving baskets in different ways and taking other actions on products that are more convenient, not scratched, like our $71 for 17 different items. That alleviates the need to switch. These are -- some of these are branded items. I think that's a great example of how we can step up and absorb some of this to help families that need it most. And I'm really pleased to see you guys take that action.
Doug McMillon: So a really good try, though, Scott. We were all tempted to jump in and say something, but I think John David gave you the appropriate answer.
Doug McMillon: More promotional than normal. Late -- some seasons are later than others. Christmas is a day later. This will be one of those years where we're watching sales closely up until the last minute of Christmas Eve. And then we'll do a lot of business after Christmas. We don't finish until January 31. And sometimes these quarters work out where the very end of December and January end up being stronger when people are particularly price-sensitive. So that's kind of what I'm expecting.
Doug McMillon: As always, thanks for your interest in the company. We are pleased that we had a stronger quarter. I think there's a lot to look at in the metrics that we shared, we've shared a lot of information this morning, that would indicate not only are kind of the key short-term operational metrics being managed well but we are building a different business model. John David talked a bit about that in his prepared remarks. We're excited to see progress in terms of how Marketplace is scaling and how these businesses connect to each other. So we're not just focused on the short term, but we are focused on the short term as we build for the long term. The key issue has been inventory management, and I'm really thankful to have a team with a lot of experience and able to consume a lot of data to make good choices about where we position inventory by country, by category, for the rest of this quarter and into next year. I'm sure there will be some things that surprised us, but we are engineered for flexibility. And as I mentioned in my remarks, one of the things I love about this business, there's a long list of things I love, but one of the things I love are all they natural hedges. If they don't want to buy something, we'll sell them something else. If the price needs to be a little lower, we'll figure that out. If a problem needs to be dealt with, we'll deal with it, and there'll be something else going well that helps us manage the total portfolio. That's the way that I think about it. I'm excited about this holiday and the challenges in front of us, and I hope you guys have a great holiday yourselves. Thank you all.
John David: Sure, Bob. This is John, David. I'll take the LIFO aspect of your question. First, I'd say the core business is continuing to perform pretty well in the face of a difficult macro environment. But we do have headwinds next year, as we called out, both currency as well as the LIFO charge. The LIFO charge is a result of the inflationary environment that we're in, and it's heavily dependent upon what our inflation and inventory assumptions are next year. For planning purposes, we're basically assuming that prices stay where they are. The result on a year-over-year basis from an inflation perspective would be a little north of 3%, it's a little greater than 3%. And to the extent that, that changes, that affects that $1 billion estimate. But I think it's important to note that to the extent that we get back to a deflationary retail cost environment, this $1 billion headwind actually reverses out as a benefit in latter periods.
John David: Sure, Simeon. I'll take both those pieces. On 3Q, I think there's a couple of things that stand out in terms of the performance relative to our guidance. First is, as we talked about it in our prepared remarks, we gained share during the period, which in this time of high inflation that's putting pressure on the consumers, it shows that our value proposition is more relevant than ever. At the same time, there's also been an extreme focus on the expense side of the business. And so you see that we leveraged by almost 80 basis points in the quarter as we're continuing to focus on providing the best products to our customers but in the most efficient way that we can. And so those will be the two areas that I would call out that are most notable in terms of the outperformance. With respect to LIFO, what we've experienced this year with the over $200 million of LIFO charges has been entirely related to Sam's. Sam's uses the weighted average cost method for their inventory accounting. Walmart uses RIM, a retail inventory method. And so there's a slight nuance difference there that results in the lag. But our expectation, given that we think that these prices will persist, is that Walmart U.S. will then -- will soon begin incurring these charges as well. In terms of the timing of next year, it's more front-loaded than the back half of the year.
John David: Michael, with the second part of that question, while I wasn't here when we first talked about the growth algorithm, I'm quite certain that the team did not contemplate the $1 billion LIFO charge in that number or the FX headwind. So I would encourage you to think about that over a multiyear basis. That's a framework to think about the opportunity that we have in our business. We're calling that out now because it's a headwind that we recognize we're going to encounter. But shouldn't take away from the tremendous growth opportunities that we have with our changing business model, moving more to a scaled omnichannel retailer as we invest in things like Marketplace, advertising, fulfillment services. And so all of those things give us a lot of conviction that, that growth algorithm is well in place. But I would encourage you to think about that over a multiyear period.
John David: That's the right way to think about it, Michael. I don't want to be so specific as to say the number of quarters or which quarters. But over the past, call it 35 years, we've generally been, either because of our business model of everyday low prices or just what's happening with retail prices, in general, we've generally been in a deflationary retail cost environment. We don't expect to live in this era of high inflation forever. I certainly hope not. And so if we do get back to what we've seen over the last three decades, you would expect that to reverse out in a reasonably quick time period. So this is not something that if we get back to a normal environment, it's going to take years to reverse out. So what you said is generally correct. I can't be so specific as to be, say, which quarters they're going to happen though.
John David: Sure. I'll take the first part of that and then pass it on to John for the second part of the question. One of the things, Peter, that excites me the most about this business is the opportunity that we have going forward with a changing business model that is really reflective of where consumers -- consumer patterns are shifting to. We see in the world move more online. I think we are unique in our ability to be a skilled omnichannel retailer. And so when you consider things like advertising or fulfillment services, these are areas of our business that not only are faster-growing, they have a higher margin associated with them. And so that's included when we contemplate our growth algorithm. So hopefully, we look up a number of years from now and we've got a much more diverse and durable earnings stream that also there's a different multiple ascribed to those earning streams than what exists today. We're quite excited about the opportunity in front of us.
John David: Sure. I'll start and others can jump in. This is John David. Look, one of the biggest impacts in our business this year has been the change in mix, particularly as we think about the U.S. business, where the margin profile is different on general merchandise versus food and consumables. We don't have an assumption that, that bounces back rapidly next year. And with continued high prices, the consumer continuing to be pressured, we expect to have that mix effect effects prolong into next year. So I know there's hope that things would bounce back. And certainly, some of the onetime costs that we've incurred this year related to supply chain are not going to repeat next year, but the consumer is stressed. One of the things that's assisted that thus far is relatively strong balance sheets among consumers assisted by stimulus payments. That's not going to last forever. So that's why we take a rather cautious view on the consumer. But at the same time, as all of us have mentioned, this is when our value proposition really shines, when customers are looking for value. And it's not just value, it's also product assortment. One of the things that John mentioned, and I think it's worth repeating, but it's not just the 370 million SKUs that we're offering between first-party and third-party e-commerce, it's the acceleration of that. That's a 50% increase quarter-over-quarter. And it shows you that not only are we providing products at the price point that customers want, we're providing additional products and assortment for them to buy.
John David: We're not prepared to give guidance for next year yet. We'll talk about that more on the fourth quarter call.
