Doug McMillon: Yes. Hi, Bob, this is Doug. I’ll kick it off and then ask John to comment. In Walmart U.S. business, we have seen mid- to higher income customers come to Walmart looking for value, as you would expect, food and consumables, in particular, are places where they are looking to save some money. That’s not a total surprise. I think the strength of it is encouraging. And then as it relates to the end of the quarter, there were several things going on. Fuel prices started to move a little bit. Back to school was strong. And then this income phenomenon that you pointed to also provided some strength to the last week or so of the last month of the quarter, which was a little different than the pattern that we had seen in the first 2 months of the quarter.
Doug McMillon: We were laughing before the call started today about some of the anecdotal stuff that’s going on. It won’t surprise you that backpacks are strong, for example, but it does surprise us how strong men’s flannel is. And we’ve got a program that’s just under $12. I bought two of them personally, and it’s a great value. And at the same time, some of our clearance price points have gotten really low. We’re trying to work through what we would call season code two apparel, and we’ve got new stuff selling well. So it’s almost like you can point to different areas to kind of make the case for what you want the sales story to be.
Doug McMillon: Hi, Kate, this is Doug. Thanks for the question. I think what we should do is hear from all three segments as it relates to that. We’ve made progress. John, why don’t you go first, but let’s also hear from Kath and from Judith.
Doug McMillon: I think the fact that we were so lean last year, combined with how much inflation impacted the number, has kind of been lost in the story a bit. It’s true that we’ve got too much inventory and that, that created a markdown pressure, particularly in Walmart U.S. apparel. But when we look at the overall inventory, as John David has already commented today, it’s not like the vast majority of it is merchandise that we didn’t want. We just were turning goods 1 year ago and the year before that, frankly, at such a high level that we needed that inventory just to fill side counters and to fill our features.
Doug McMillon: The unit story is, one, the transaction count being up a little in this environment is also important to call out. The average basket was way up, but it’s great to see transactions grow in the Walmart U.S. business also.
Doug McMillon: Yes, John, you jump in here, too. I think what you should take away from Q3 and Q4 guidance is that we’re expecting the environment to look a lot like Q2. And as it relates to the choices people are making, the thing I would call out John’s variety that you’ve got all kinds of income levels shopping in different ways and we’ve seen strength in some categories. It’s really encouraging. For those that are under the most pressure, that are most price-sensitive, private brands are stronger, pack sizes are different. Opening price points, John, you might talk a little bit about what you saw at the holiday meeting, looking at for things like the Thanksgiving meal. The team’s doing a great job of protecting opening price points for people that are most price conscious.
Doug McMillon: Sure. I’ll take that, Michael. Thanks for the question. You’re right. Certainly, we’ve incurred some costs this year that are more, call it, one-time in nature related to the supply chain and higher inflation, but it’s difficult to predict how long that will persist. Certainly, the inventory situation has gotten better. But the effect on the mix changes in our business that are largely the result of higher inflation, and that may persist for some time. And so we’re being cautious with respect to the outlook. We’re obviously not giving guidance for next year right now. But look, what I’d point you to is the conviction that we have in our long-term plan has not changed, has not wavered. When you look at the long-term plan that was laid out by the management team previously in terms of what we’re doing with the flywheel strategy, the ability to grow operating income faster than revenue. And you look at that over a multiyear basis, we have as much conviction today as we did when we laid that out. So very excited about the future. But the short-term period, this is a moment in time, and we’re being cautious with respect to the outlook because there is a lot that we don’t know.
Doug McMillon: Sure. I think you also asked about advertising. The relationship between digital growth, marketplace growth, advertising is something that we’re trying to take advantage of. In the case of the U.S. business, the ability to attribute sales later on to in-store transactions makes us uniquely positioned. And we’ve made a few enhancements lately for people that are consuming advertising from us.
Doug McMillon: Sure. Simeon, I will take a stab at that as well, and John might want to jump in. So, if – I will just point you to the 132 basis point decline overall in gross margins. And there is really three things that I would say in order of magnitude that contributed to about, call it, two-thirds to 75% of that. So, number one would be markdowns, number two is mix, and number three is the LIFO charge that we talked about in Sam’s. And then there is all the various puts and takes that round out the balance of that. As it relates to markdowns in the third quarter, look, we feel like we are in a better inventory position and those are obviously very related. And so we would hope that we are not going to see the level of markdowns that we experienced in the second quarter. But we also – that’s assuming that nothing changes with the consumer. So, as we noted, we are being cautious on the outlook, and we will wait and see what happens.
Doug McMillon: Yes, I was going to kind of double click on that a little bit more, too. Fuel coming down in recent weeks is helpful. It’s still about 27% inflated per gallon versus a year ago nationally. So, the absolute spend that an American family is deploying the fuel is still high, is the amount of food inflation. And I think Q4 last year is the moment where we started to see U.S. food inflation tick up. It was kind of low to mid-single digits. So, when you get to Q4, you start to anniversary a food inflation number against a food inflation number. So, the 2-year stack of food inflation will be something that we will be keeping an eye on. If you told us that fuel was going to continue to tick down and that food inflation was going to moderate, that influences how we think about general merchandise inventory. And as we worked with the merchants over the last few weeks, it’s been kind of fascinating to think through how you make choices atom, atom, atom and atom like in category-by-category because you don’t want to go into too much of a defensive mode, and we were looking at Halloween decor last week, John, and there are some things, outdoor decor, particularly like inflatables, that are really fun, cool and new items. And when you see them, you are like, we can sell. Oh, you can buy that, like we are going to blow out of some of those. And we want the buyers in some categories to have that mentality and be aggressive. In other places, we want to be more conservative so that we don’t repeat the mistakes that we have had in the first half of this year. That’s such an interesting thing to work through. It takes a lot more leadership from our merchant team, for example, that it might ordinarily, we think we have made some good decisions subcategory-by-subcategory for the back half of this year, canceled some orders, trying to get that right area-by-area so that we don’t end up being too conservative in places where we shouldn’t be.
Doug McMillon: Joe, I would just add from a P&L perspective and you think about the cadence of earnings from 3Q to 4Q. We started experiencing more pronounced supply chain costs in 4Q last year. So, from a cost side, that makes the comps a little bit easier and if you are thinking about operating income in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter.
Doug McMillon: John, I would add as it relates to better-than-expected performance for 2Q. As noted, supply chain costs came in better than we expected. And in any quarter, when you close, you are going to have some puts and takes at the end of the quarter. Some may fall in your favor. Some may work against you. In the first quarter, supply chain costs came in worse than what we expected when we closed the quarter. And so when we updated our guidance at the end of last month, we had a similar expectation. It actually fell the other way in our favor. And so that contributes to the better-than-expected performance relative to our guidance at the end of last month.
Doug McMillon: Yes. We certainly hope to hold share around the world, and I think this inflationary environment is going to last for a while. So, people are going to be value conscious, which plays to our strengths. The e-commerce experience end-to-end is a focus of ours. We want to continue to grow our pickup and delivery businesses around the world. We, of course, want to grow and maintain share of customer spend in the stores as well. Moving away, I think if any of you want to comment, you can, I think we are holding at the lower end and adding at the upper end, generally speaking.
Doug McMillon: Planning to sell some more Walmart+ memberships to help solidify those relationships, and the Paramount announcement should help us do that.
Doug McMillon: Yes. As usual, thanks for your attention. We appreciate you focusing on our company. I will just wrap up with maybe three points. The first one is, hopefully, you are seeing in the results and hearing from us that we are making progress. We are addressing our inventory issues. We are pricing to reflect our cost structure. Secondly, more people are choosing Walmart and Sam’s Club and our brands around the world. Bodega business in Mexico, for example, is really strong. So, being able to attract more and more customers and a more diverse set of customers is a positive for us. And then third, we are continuing to change the business, execute our strategy, our e-commerce growth, our digital transformation, growing the marketplace, growing these related businesses that are unlocked by this digital transformation that’s happening in the company is something that we are focused on. Regardless of the short-term pressures, we are making progress towards the longer term. We certainly hope to put the pressures that we have had in the first half behind us as quickly as we can, claw back the operating income percentage delta that we have experienced in the first half to the extent possible, as fast as possible. But as you can see in our guidance, we acknowledge reality. The world around – around the world is feeling various pressures, most pronounced from inflation, of course. So, we think we put ourselves in a good spot to continue to make progress and value. When customers and members are focused on values is something that plays to our strengths. So, we will take full advantage of that. Thank you, all.
John David Rainey: Yes, Doug, it was a bit different than May and June, for sure, and it led – it has led to the beginning of Q3 being stronger in places like back-to-school. Food and consumables continue their momentum. And I think the big [Indiscernible] changed in late Q3, early – sorry, late Q2, early Q3 was traffic count was a bit stronger than what we have seen in the businesses in 2 months.
John David Rainey: Hi, good morning, Peter. It’s John. Let me take your question in parts for just a second here. I mean, first, value is always top of mind when it comes to us and deciding how we want to serve customers. So we will always lean on the value for the customers above other things. And what we want to do and what we try to do throughout this entire period is go up as late as possible. We certainly have been passing prices through when we see things like landed cost of goods going up, those have to be passed through. We’re managing our supply costs as well as we can. Units did strengthen throughout the quarter, particularly in July and late July. I think you heard that earlier. So seeing some positive units there was refreshing given how we had started the quarter. Fuel prices were coming down. So we think that could have had some of an impact as well. In terms of the market, we’re really focused on everyday low price. We have a strong rollback campaign all across the store, which would include food, consumables and general merchandise. And then in general, just across the food categories, our availability improvements, I think you can see in stores more consistently and across categories. Just you remember this time last year, we had pockets about of stocks that kept emerging the only one that we really faced in the second quarter in a big way was baby formula, which is now improving.
John David Rainey: Steph, I would just add. This is John David. As it relates to our guidance in the back half of the year, the swings that we’ve seen in consumer behavior have been difficult to predict and the pace at which they have happened has been sharp. And so our guidance for the back half really just assumes no change in what we’re seeing in the second quarter in terms of mix changes in our business.
John David Rainey: Sure. I appreciate the question. Well, certainly, I am a believer in what’s happening in digital payments, fintech broadly, and the secular tailwinds that exist there with consumer behavior, moving more digital, more online. And if you look at the investments that Walmart has been making, they are in those areas, whether it be expanding their e-commerce capabilities, their marketplaces, even getting into financial services. As I have an early peek into what the company is doing, I’ve got to say I’m very impressed with the broad capabilities and the resources devoted to this. And so I think it’s a huge opportunity for Walmart going forward. And frankly, one of the reasons that I’m so excited to join, to be part of this and help shape this outcome.
John David Rainey: I’ll just add, Judith that I shared the excitement that we all had when we went to India and met with the team. To put it in perspective what PhonePe is doing and if you look at the largest digital payments companies outside of China and the world, PhonePe, after a very brief history, is already roughly two-thirds of the size of that and what is going to be the largest market in the world in a very short period of time. So it’s a really exciting opportunity.
John David Rainey: I can’t remember a business with the margin structure of the advertising business here at Walmart and having 30% growth for the quarter was nice to have.
John David Rainey: Sure. I will take a stab at that, Kelly. So, if you think about just take the U.S. inventory increase in the second quarter of $11 billion. If you decompose that, about 40% of that is due to inflation. So, don’t think units, think just dollars. And then you look, as Doug noted, at things like the fact that we are growing as a company that we have had less in stock next year and you normalize for all of that, you really whittle that down to about $1.5 billion of inventory that if we can just wave a magic wand, we would make go away today. And the fact is we will sell that. But if we were to start from scratch, that’s what when we get rid of. In terms of the types, as John noted, the inventory issues were most acute in apparel in the second quarter. As we look into the third quarter, I would say it’s home electronics and apparel are probably the areas that stand out the most.
John David Rainey: I would just add, when you are thinking about supply chain costs, and we are getting invoices all quarter end-to-end, a lot of the things that we were experiencing these last several quarters have been unusual, container fines and excess fuel charges and things like that. So, there was – it was a higher – an expectation of higher cost and it just came – it felt favorably.
John Furner: Good morning, Kate. I start with the second quarter from the end of Q1 to beginning of Q2, there was some definite progress in inventory, about 750 basis points of improvement. We view Q2 as being most urgent to clear through the apparel and some are seasonal that we needed out of the way and sold before Q3 really began to arrive. We certainly made progress in apparel. There is more work to be done in inventory in general with a 25% increase and about 40% of that inflation, then the remaining does two things. One, it helps us in terms of in-stock we were out of stock last year all throughout the year. So we have made improvements on in stock. I think our results in many categories reflect improvements in availability in in-stock. But then there is some backlog that we continue to work through. At the end of Q1, we said this would take a couple of quarters to work through. I would just reiterate that, that remains true. And we will continue to leave room to make sure that we manage our inventory levels well and head into a position in Q4 at the end of the year that we will be proud of.
John Furner: That’s right. In 2020, 2021, we would have had record sell-throughs in seasonal categories with very few markdowns at the end of season. And so of course, there is some normalization to get back to where we might have been before the pandemic would be in. But again, we still have – we’re still need some time to work through the remaining excess inventory.
John Furner: Steph, as thinking back, one of the meetings we had in New York in 2020, we talked a lot about serving customers flexibly as we develop the different businesses. And so just to tag on to Doug’s comments, serving customers in store is something we have pressed ourselves on a long time. Our pickup business continues. Delivery is growing with Walmart. So the variety of ways that we can serve customers, I think it’s been helpful, especially given the number of ships customers that have had in their lives the last couple of years from working at home and then in many cases, back out into the workplace. So as customers change, we can serve them in a number of ways. When you then click into products, our wide portfolio of products, both in e-commerce and in stores, including the numbers you heard from John David earlier in Marketplace, gives us the ability to serve a wide range of customers. And then as Doug mentioned last week, we had all of our managers together in Denver, which is always a fun exciting experience to get the team together. But what I heard consistently is as the team is doing a very nice job balancing out how to improve quality and sell higher price points and remaining focused on opening price points. So having Thanksgiving meals in a position where you can buy an entire meal for under $50 for a family of four is exciting. So there is a value play, and there is a quality play. And wherever the customer goes and how things shifts, we will be ready to serve them and we’re building the capabilities to be able to do that at will.
John Furner: We have Doug, and knowing more about customers and the way they shop, knowing more about them in retail is important, and the growth in pickup and delivery and the growth in Plus, the growth in marketplace and e-commerce all help us be able to identify the right sellers and suppliers that we can connect, hence the term – the name Walmart Connect. We can connect them together to have an environment where not only is it accretive to the profit and loss statement, but more importantly, accretive to the customer experience and help them get to exactly what they are looking for.
John Furner: In the U.S., Simeon, this is John. In the U.S., we did not have the LIFO charge, so a larger percentage of our markdown issue would have been in apparel. We still have a bit more to work through, but we are close if you compare to where we might have been before 2 years ago. So, we are getting close to a position where apparel is behind us. And that was the issue that throughout Q2, we spent the most time worrying about because we need to move through it because the goods have been purchased a long way out. Regarding the rest, in Q1 and then in Q2, as the backlog of containers worked itself through, that has created a lot of what the issue is today, where we felt good that we would have liked to have had months ago, and then this season is all here at the same time. So, we have ingested all that inventory. We have largely gotten out of the container storage and movement business. We have the inventory in the network. So, we have a good handle on what we own, where it is. And then as I said earlier in the call, the end of Q1, we need a couple of quarters to work through it, and that’s exactly what we do. So, John David is right. We will sell it. We will work through it. Yes, there will be some liability in it. But apparel was definitely the issue that we had that was most skewed and would have really hurt us had we not addressed it. Sorry, Dan, go ahead.
John Furner: Hey Robby, it’s John. I will take the first part of your question. In relation to – as it relates to food inflation, it definitely moved up in the second quarter and moved up in the months of the second quarter. So, July was higher than June. June was higher than May. I think it’s too early into the third quarter to try to make a call if this is where we will be, if it will go higher or go down. So, for now, we are assuming that this is the level we are at and it could continue. And some of the factors though to consider is one of the costs that are part of the way we price food is the cost of moving food. So, diesel fuel and fuel continue to move down, that could be a tailwind related to inflation. However, there are still some commodities up. We do see a few categories in the store where prices are starting to come down, but there are other categories where we are still rising. So, I think it’s just too early to call in the quarter. Certainly hope that some of these larger macroeconomic conditions would lead to lower prices in food, but we are not able to say that we see that happening just yet.
John Furner: Hi Rupesh, good morning. On markdowns, kind of break it into pieces. Last year and the year before, there weren’t really many markdowns to speak of because we were chasing demand and in many cases, at the end of the seasons were very clean. So, returning to the point where there are in the season markdowns is a pretty normal thing that we would experience. And the way we are trying to manage the sell-through season-by-season as compared to historical rates back in 2018, 2019. And of course, things are always going to be different, but it’s a vibrometer that determine where we land. The second the business is much larger than it was in 2019. So, these volume levels continue to improve, which then leads to the dynamic of how much you purchase, which ultimately amount you purchase versus demand will lead you to your sell-through and markdown numbers. So, for the fourth quarter, we mentioned we have canceled billions in orders. We feel much better about the back half of the year. We still have inventory to work through and ingest from the backlogs, as we said. So, we need a couple of quarters to do that. And then heading into the next year, we will have purchasing levels that are more in line with the way we see demand as it’s going today. Of course, a lot can change. We need to know more about fuel pricing and inflation in the state of the consumers we get there, but we have definitely had more time and more success in getting purchasing in line with our current inventory levels and the way we see demand going in terms of mix today.
John Furner: Hey Joe, it’s John. First, let me just say a big thank you to our supply chain team, our merchants. They have been through a lot. The environment has been extremely dynamic, and they have really just made a huge difference for the entire company. In the last couple of quarters, what’s it been like and there was the backlog of containers that really started last fall when the ports backed up. We have worked those through. In terms of container costs, they are down from where they were, but they are still higher than they were a year ago and the year ago was higher than – it’s higher than they were the year before that. So, still inflated, and those costs are flowing through. Fuel costing, as Doug said earlier, fuel has come down from its peak at the end of Q1, early Q2, but it still remains elevated. And those are real costs that are passed through and customers will see those prices at the counter and on the site. So, in general, we see better flow. We see better availability. Our availability rates in food, consumables and then our consumable portions of general merchandise are much better than they were a year ago. But I still think we have work to do to get back to where we were back in 2019, but still uneven in places. And any time in retail, that inventories back up the way they did. It does cause pressure on being able to get the right inventory at the right location in front of the customer. So, optimistic that can improve as these inventories come down, but it’s going to take a few more months to work through the backlog of the inventory that’s in the network.
John Furner: Hey Chuck, good morning. And I think there are three factors that stand out, and you will see this in the numbers. One is there are more customers shopping in the brand than we have seen previously, including better traffic numbers. Fuel prices did come down throughout the month of July. And I think the third that’s important is school attendance levels, we think will be higher. There are very few instances of schools that are remote at this point, and there were some of those last year. So, things like backpacks and lunch boxes. And then there are other programs where some school lunches were paid for last year that this year will be funded by families and parents. So, there is a shift in all of those factors that are leading to more spending late in July and early in the third quarter. As far as how it relates to the rest of the year, again, so a lot of unknowns as we get into the rest of the year. Fuel prices are still moving, but they continue to move down, that would be a great thing. And we will have to watch the shape of the consumer and see how they are buying. But I would just reiterate what John David said earlier, we are really committed to the long-term plan and our long-term view of the business. And it’s been great to see some of the improvements in the areas on the flywheel that are adjacent to retail that will help the overall business over the long-term.
John Furner: Doug, I think that’s exactly right. And in relation to the first part of your question, Ben, what have we seen in previous cycles. We did see some pickup in the last cycle. That was a downturn in 2008, ‘09. But there are a few things that are different now that I think I would like to point out. And in that time period, we had our store business and a small e-commerce business. We did not have food pickup. We didn’t do delivery from stores. We didn’t deliver groceries. We did not have Walmart in-home. We didn’t have Walmart+. So, our ability to serve customers more flexibly – in a more flexible manner than what we could have 13 years, 14 years ago was pretty dramatic. So, definitely a lot of work to do to ensure that we are taking care of those customers and we are focused every week on satisfaction scores and accuracy of delivery and things like first-time pick rate, which is an indicator of did we get your entire order right at the very first time we try to deliver it. Those will all be important in terms of being able to hold on to new customers. But we definitely have a number of ways that we can serve customers today that just, quite frankly, did not exist the last time we went through a downturn.
John Furner: Yes. We are excited about the announcement, Doug. The brand Paramount has a lot of programming for kids. It has live sports. There are other movies and drama. So, it’s a wide variety of content that I think our members will enjoy. And that was, quite frankly, a member-led research. When we talk to members and ask what are the benefits they were looking for, the number one feature outside of delivery of product from both stores and e-commerce was an entertainment benefit. And there were others they talked about, but entertainment was at the top of the list, and that’s what led to the decision to add this benefit to the program.
Kath McLay: Yes, I’d really just say, if I look at our inventory position at the moment, for the last 2 years, like we talked about, we’ve had 10 quarters of double-digit comps. For the last 2 years, we’ve struggled to stay in front of having enough inventory. And then so we’re off a deflated base when you look at what our current position is. This year, then obviously have the contraction with inflation. But what we’ve seen is that we’ve got really good quality inventory. We’re really happy with what the seasonal sets we’ve got. Halloween looks fantastic; back to school, back to college has been good. Tailgating has been great. I think what I would say is in our number in this quarter, a portion of it has been markdowns and a portion of it is actually inventory reserve because we wanted to get in front of it and just make sure that we put aside the money for Q3 so that we can have a really strong Q3 kind of results. So that’s how we’ve addressed markdowns in Q2.
Kath McLay: And it’s Kath from Sam’s. On the home and apparel, what I would say is it’s actually a multiyear story. So, it’s not clearance. It’s been the investments we have made in the quality that we have had in home, apparel and seasonal, and we are seeing better quality brands, and we have seen that resonate with our member base, and that has continued through into this year.
Kath McLay: And for the Sam’s part of the question, I would say if you look at our GP rate, there is two major things going on there. One is the LIFO charge of $123 million, and the other one is what we had called markdowns. But there’s two things at a play there. The largest part of that amount is a strategic decision we made to create an inventory reserve for Q3. And so that’s really pulling forward those markdowns from Q3 into Q2 to set ourselves up for success and to make sure that we are really competitive going into Q3. So, I don’t see that as a trend. I see that as just this quarter, the impact on this quarter.
