John Furner: Hey, good morning Michael, it's John Furner. I want to start first by thanking our entire team for delivering a strong quarter and investing in the future. At the same time, it was great to see both of those things happen. First, let me just reiterate our purpose of the company is to help people save money and live better. And certainly, in the last few quarters, we have kind of seen new shoppers. As John David mentioned, many are higher income and younger and those shoppers are coming to us looking for value. I think what's important for us as we look forward is price is really important to the Walmart shopper. We are pleased with the price gaps that we see in the market. Those are consistent with where they have been the last few quarters. Certainly, some shifting that you heard about earlier from brands to private brands. And then most important right now is the flexibility that we offer consumers all across the country. We've seen quite a few customers shift to pick up in delivery. Our transaction count has been strong. And as far as our plan, the rest of the year, of course, we have built into the planned room for adjustments should the consumer change or the macro environment change. As we mentioned, some softness in general merchandise, strength in food and consumables, we could -- we'll be able to manage things well, should that continue. We certainly think weather and other factors have played into some of our mix shifts. So we have a plan that will enable us to deliver value across the entire year.
John Furner: Oliver, it's John. First, really proud of the team for the performance in e-commerce in the first quarter. The 27% is something they should all feel great about. That's a combination of a few things. We noted the growth in pickup and delivery, the significant growth in marketplace sellers. And I think what's encouraging behind that number are the number of sellers who are using the services that we offer like our fulfillment services, which gets more of the assortment delivered in one or two days, and we see a pretty significant increasing conversion rates when a seller is using fulfillment services you can deliver within two days, that also leads to growth in the advertising business. This ability that the team has developed for sellers and suppliers to reach groups of customers that are targeted, it's really improving and I think that's definitely driving the results there. So those business units, the way we've described them, they do help overall mix. At the same time, we have some mix challenges as John David mentioned. But within the mix challenges in the first, which is a real positive, is the performance of the supply chain. The supply chain versus last year is in much better shape. The team is performing. So there's a lot of tailwind that's coming from our supply chain team and they're ahead of our internal plan. So that's a real positive. And then as John David mentioned, there's the mix issue that we're seeing between food, consumables, and general merchandise and then growth of health and wellness at a lower margin.
John Furner: Well, we have a couple of dozen now that are around the country. And what we did is piloted here in Arkansas, then we went to the Northeast, and we put these now in a number of markets. And additionally, what's encouraging beyond just the merchandising, whether it's the great brands that you see in apparel or layouts, a lot of really exciting changes. What we see is success in a number of markets. So we think this has more broad appeal than perhaps what we may have believed when we did the first one. So the program is going well, and we see several hundred of these in construction and on the way this year.
John Furner: Yes, definitely some interesting points when you dig into that, Doug. General merchandise is certainly stronger in e-commerce and stronger in the marketplace. The trend, as John David said, for the quarter to date was just a couple of weeks is very reflective of what was happening at the end of the first quarter. But where we have new items, new brands, we have a lot of examples of digitally native brands that we found somewhere in the media or social media that are doing well, that actually is inclusive in food as well. And so the mix right now, as I said earlier, has some positives between supply chain. Food has definitely grown faster along with the consumables. The health and wellness growth is something that we didn't really expect going into the year that has accelerated quite a bit over the last couple of months. And so as we look forward, some of the things that are harder to tell right now, the general merchandise impact has been going on for the last three quarters or so, but there are impacts from other things like tax refunds, the weather, some funds out there. So a little unclear how much of this is temporary in the month that we're in versus what we'll see the rest of the year. But I certainly expect that just the trends in food and consumables and the strength that we have in those as well as health and wellness will persist over the next few quarters. I think that if anything, health and wellness, the impact that it's having on the mix and penetration could get larger based on the growth rates you're seeing in these drug types that John David mentioned.
John Furner: Hi Rupesh, definitely I'm excited about the quarter. The team has done a lot of work in the last year to improve overall customer experience. We measure something called CX scores, which looks at our assortment, the number of sellers, the quality of the product display pages, and they are really in the details of the business. And the last quarter acceleration really across the board in e-commerce, pickup and delivery were very strong. But we do look at this entire business as part of the total omnichannel offering, and that's really important because when we talk about pickup and delivery at stores, that does include e-commerce orders where a customer is ordering something in general merchandise, it just happened to be that the merchandise, the items are in the store. So in effect, we shortened the last mile, which helps not only speed and time, but also helps the cost of the transaction.  Categories though that are strong, we've been strong in food and consumables, really encouraged by accelerations in marketplace in categories like apparel, some acceleration in certain home categories, that's great to see. And I think that will continue as both the seller count and the item count continue to expand. So we're really looking at customer channel and driving the business with search to ensure that the customer gets whatever they want when they want it from Walmart.
John Furner: Hey, good morning, Scott. First, let me take all three of these. First, brands, we really like the brand shops that we set up physically in stores that are in the remodel. I know you've seen a few but the results are really encouraging. I think additionally, in apparel, what I really liked that the team did is they brought everything together for the customer. So if you're in the men's shop, you'll see the brands at the front of the department, men's denim just behind it; shoes, accessories, all there together, so we're traditionally we've broken these things up by category. Now they're more holistic. Pets are certainly exciting with some of the things that are coming. Then online, you'll start -- you will see now and you'll see a lot more in the future, a lot of branded shops inside the digital experience, which enables brands to be able to put their entire assortment online whether it's first P -- 1P that's online or sold in the store, the rest of the assortment there can be shop by brand. And I think these are -- they're going really well. The first dozen or so are pretty exciting.  Walmart Plus continue to make progress. It's an important part of the offers. It's not the only thing that we're doing, obviously, but it's an important part of the offer. We're encouraged by the growth of new members. And importantly, what we are really ensuring on these new members is that we are helping them see the entire path to get to all the benefits we offer. The core offer of course, is based in deliveries that are unlimited without cost once you buy into the membership, that's the most important thing that we get right. We measure ourselves really carefully in something we call the perfect order, which is exactly what you ordered on time. And then we continue to work on things like substitutions. And then the last thing on grocery, we're focused on ensuring that our stores are in stock each and every day. We feel better about the supply chain versus a year ago. That would include in-stock availability, but also include the cost of supply chain. Stores I've been at recently from Virginia to New Mexico and Texas and Tennessee are seeing much better execution in grocery and in stock availability, which does help the order fillers and order pickers, which makes the Walmart Plus experience much better. So we'll really continue to focus on merchandising and pricing. Just the other day, I was with the team and saw this item called Bachan's Barbecue Sauce, which is a digitally native Japanese flavor barbecue sauce. It's just doing really well. So also, I'm just personally encouraged by the way the merchants are looking at new ways to find new items, bring those to life and drive sales across the country.
John Furner: Good morning. So first, I'll talk about Walmart U.S. with advertising. There's been considerable momentum really that started last year when we launched our second place auction capability. So this is a -- it's a two-sided market but ultimately, what we're trying to do is connect our sellers, our suppliers to customers, and that can be at the one to one level, it can be at the cohort level. And so the team has done a lot to really increase our capacity and capability to handle those transactions really well. What's driving it, of course, over time we will be better -- a stronger, bigger marketplace. So more marketplace sellers and helping them connect to customers and then more assortment, that's easier to find with surge and also helps the advertising business grow. And I'll turn it over to Judith to talk about international.
John Furner: Shrink. Sorry, there were several in there. On Shrink, no, it is a factor -- mix as I said a few moments ago, is affected by supply chain, it's affected by food, consumable, general merchandise mix and then health and wellness. So below that level, there is a core shrink. And as we've said in the past, it's been challenging for us. It's been challenging really for all of retail. So we're going to actively manage this issue. We always do, we always have, and we're going to continue to take the steps that are reasonable and required to make sure we're protecting our customers, protecting our associates, and protecting our assets and inventory. We know a lot of communities have been affected by this, but it's also important to note that retail can't solve this issue all on its own. It will take communities stepping up and enforcing the law to be able to bring this issue back under control.
John Furner: And we spend a lot of time, of course, working on ensuring that we have flexible options for any customer. And in the case of the group that you asked about, we definitely see in the data that there is a higher usage of e-commerce and pickup and delivery. And then when you click into the things they're buying, you do see some differences. So we do see within pickup and delivery, higher purchase rates of categories like [indiscernible] versus regular Grade B. So you see trade-ups and then if we see it in apparel, definitely seeing some growth in apparel and marketplace. And that is definitely being driven by some of our newer higher income customers. I'm really excited about the growth of not only transactions, but the number of digital users that we have on year-on-year which is accelerating.
John Furner: Yes, as you look forward, it's important to compare what we've been up against the last couple of years. And if you go all the way back into late 2021, that's when we started to see prices starting to rise. And then in 2022 February, March and April it was quite acute, obviously, and rose at a rate that we weren't expecting going into the year with the peak of inflation. And in year [ph], in July and August of last year, we saw high double digits in categories like food and consumables. And as you get into the period that we're in now, we're still seeing around high single digits to double digits in parts of dry grocery and other places. But when you add that up over the three years, it gets to be a really high number, which is clearly driving part of the shift. The way we think of value, first, we are always comparing ourselves to the prices that are out in the market. We feel good about our price positioning. The second, we've been able to look at key holidays like Thanksgiving last year, Easter that we just went through, and we've been able to keep a number of items on either a rollback program or base prices where customers can buy key important holiday meals at the same price that they bought them for the year before. As you look forward, it's not easy to predict. Clearly, we are not happy with the inflation that we see in categories like dry grocery and those persist as you get into the later part of the second quarter and third quarter, the in-year number may look lower because we'll be comparing to get such high numbers last year. But it's important to keep in mind that the two year stack at that point, we still think will be in the mid-20s. So consumer is under a lot of stress. Therefore, we see the shift to private brand that John mentioned -- John David mentioned in his earlier remarks, so shift this year than the year before and the year before, there was more of a shift than 2021. So that trend continues.
John Furner: Sure. Good growth in the marketplace in the U.S. and there may be other comments on other markets. But a lot of growth last year. SKU count, as I mentioned late, I think it was Q4, Q1, both in the $400 million range. We expect that to grow probably not at the rate that it grew last year. We made a lot of progress in both SKU count and seller count. And there is continued acceleration with a number who are using fulfillment services and advertising. What's important about both of those services is, let me start with fulfillment, it helps with the customer time to promise and it helps customers know when they're going to receive their item. Customers want to get their delivery when they ordered it. They don't want it early. They don't want it late. They want it the day of. And when sellers move their assortment, their inventory, into our fulfillment channels, then it's more certain for a customer that it's going to be next-day delivery or two-day delivery. And that just helps with conversion rates. So if you're a marketplace seller and you want to know how to drive business at Walmart, it's to list on the marketplace, the inventory and fulfillment services. And then Walmart Connect is just a great way for the seller to be able to find audiences, targeted audiences who are looking for products in categories like the ones they're offered. So it's really the three of those things that are put -- that they all come together that make the customer experience much greater and the data supports everything I just described.
Doug McMillon: Michael, this is Doug. I'll just add to what John said to remind everybody when we were together in Florida, we talked about this being a bit of a pivot where our investments are more focused on capital investments than income statement investments. And we'll continue to proceed to invest in the supply chain, things we talked about a few weeks ago, of course, but also remind you about our remodel investments. So I think that when I think of the word investment, I think more about those things than I do necessarily income state investments -- income statement investments.  I think the other thing I would say is it's a great time just to be a really good merchant. Like in our stores, when I think about general merchandise, whether that's apparel or hard lines, we're focusing our store leadership and our store associates on standing tall in those areas. And because inventory is in a better spot than it was last summer, for example, they can focus more on that rather than just dealing with the flow of inventory that was coming in. So we can impact mix and do other things to drive our business beyond just considering income statement investments.
Doug McMillon: I think the persistent inflation in dry grocery and consumables is the biggest issue. When you think about what we're up against and what will lap, we started to see inflation occur in the back half of 2021. It accelerated in the beginning of 2022 much faster than what we expected to get to a higher level than what we expected. Since then, you've seen general merchandise start to come back down, but dry grocery and consumables have held. And so as a customer, particularly if it's a customer living paycheck to paycheck, they now have a two-year stack that's a problem and eventually becomes a three-year stack that's a problem. So working with those suppliers that are on the prepared foods and consumable categories to get costs down more as fast as we possibly can would help them drive unit volume, would help us with mix and free up cash for customers to use for discretionary goods. And that's what we're focused on, have been focused on, and it's just taking longer in those categories than we want.
Doug McMillon: We can be good mix managers within food but across the box as well from for the U.S. and around the world. General merchandise prices, as they're coming down, present an opportunity leading down, number one. Number two, finding items and categories that have above-average margins and shaving the margin off there to mix sales up as customers want to buy discretionary items, we are in a position to be able to show them value through the rest of this year that they might not find elsewhere, we can be aggressive there. Private brand share is another thing. You're seeing that number come up. We have more influence over what's happening with private brands than we do with branded product. And we do need some of these branded suppliers that are in dry grocery and consumables to get top line focused more than they have been for a while. It's a generalization, not everybody is in the same place, but we're looking for those that want to be aggressive. So if we can make a difference on dry grocery and consumables, lead with general merchandise and then deal with what's happening in the fresh food categories, which are less consistent, more volatile that some are up, some are down relative to dry grocery and consumables, that's the way we pull off a basket that generates the best value for our customers.
Doug McMillon: This is Doug. I think I'll go ahead and wrap up here. We ran a little over. I hope that's okay. I appreciate your questions. I'm grateful to work with such a strong team, the people that have been on this call, but all those that are work in our stores and clubs and throughout the company. I think you can see in our results that we've got a very strong and capable team and one that can adapt to environments. There have been a lot of pivots over the last few years, in particular, and they've done a terrific job of navigating all of that. We feel strong about our position to grow the top line. We're positioned to serve customers and members how they want to be served. I think the e-comm growth this quarter being up 20% -- 26% is an example of that. But if they want to come to stores and clubs, we're there. If they want to do a pickup order, we're there. If they want to have it delivered, we can do that. We are positioned to grow profit faster than sales through productivity and through the mix of businesses, caring in an additive way. And then on ROI, we'll be disciplined with capital, but we are excited about our opportunities to invest and really grateful that you all came down to Florida. So many of you and saw what we were doing there. And we'll just wrap up by inviting you to comment in a couple of weeks. We'll show you an MFC. We'll go to a store. We'll go to a club. We'll answer more of your questions. We feel like we're in a position to outperform and to continue to outperform because of the work that's been done to date and our ability to manage the business and pivot as we need to looking forward. Thanks for your attention today.
John David Rainey: Sure, Kate. This is John David. The second quarter or rather the first quarter, the way that progressed is, as I noted in my remarks, we saw moderation as we went through the quarter. February was stronger and March and April were a bit of a tick down, and that follows some of the trends that we saw and other consumer behavior related to like SNAP benefits, tax refunds and such. This quarter has started off basically how the last quarter ended. So nothing notable really to say about the shift that we've seen thus far. In terms of mix, mix is going to continue to be an impact on us this year. We began to -- I think it was most pronounced in the mid part of last year, where we saw the effect of that. And certainly, as we got into the back half of the year and consumer pocketbooks were continuing to be stretched. We saw that shift in our business pre-pronounced from food to general merchandise. The thing that I will say that's different this year is it's not just a shift to food and consumables, we've also seen in the first quarter a shift to health and wellness more. And part of that is related to these GLP-1 drugs that are to treat diabetes. We're certainly seeing an uptick in that for us that comes at a lower margin, and so that has some impact on our business as well.
John David Rainey: Sure, Simeon. Good to speak with you. You might recall on our last earnings call we gave a little bit of a head nod into Q2 performance because of some of the specific issues that occurred in Q2 last year. And we said that at the time, we expected it to be roughly flat. Right now, we're saying the guidance is -- and I'm speaking about operating income, down 2%. That's most impacted by, again, the insurance proceeds that we received last year. Mix will continue to be an issue in 2Q. We do see some improvement in some of our supply chain costs, freight costs that we're benefiting from. But that's anomalous quarter for us as you think about this year.  As we get into the back half of the year and we see a more pronounced impact from some of the initiatives that we discussed at our Investor Day around these higher-margin, higher growth areas, that will begin to have a more outsized impact. But relative to where we were in the last quarter, the expectation for that inflection has not changed. We still expect that to be about the same. It just so happens that, frankly, we just outperformed on the operating income line in the first quarter relative to what we thought. So really, really strong performance there.
John David Rainey: Sure. I'm writing down all these questions here, Kelly. So first on mix shift, I don't think it's fair to assume that the first quarter is necessarily going to be the peak. When we gave our full year guidance, you might recall that we talked about an additional incremental impact relative to the 330-ish basis points we had last year. And so I think we'll continue to see that through the year. A lot of that too, depends upon consumer behavior, which is difficult to predict at best right now, and our guidance assumes a rather cautious outlook there.  On units, if you just take the first quarter and you break it down by segment, both Sam's in the U.S. where if you look at it like, say, real sales, they were basically flat. The International segment, I believe, was up around 6%, 6.5% inflation adjusted. So certainly, we're seeing the impact of higher prices and the effect of consumer behavior on purchasing as it relates to units. And then with respect to the stores that we're remodeling, before I answer this, I just want to caution that we're early on here. We've only done a couple of stores, but very excited about the results. We've seen a quite sizable increase, couple of percentage points in terms of uplift of sales. Now to be clear, that would be expected in any store where you do a remodel, you're going to see that initial uptick. I think what we need to continue to monitor is how that levels out over time. But when -- if you got the chance to go into one of these stores, you certainly recognize the difference that it is versus the rest of the network and so we're quite excited about this and the early response.
John David Rainey: Certainly, Karen. To clarify my comments in the prepared remarks, all of these, first of all, work together. I think it's hard to just look at core retail and then separate out advertising, membership, fulfillment services. They are mutually reinforcing, which is what makes them so attractive to us. And it's those very new businesses that we think will make our profits inflect in terms of the growth rate relative to sales going forward. So the protect profits that -- please don't read too much into that, that's -- we clearly are excited about this part of our business, and this is the opportunity to have our profits grow faster than sales. On the high income cohort, I'll start there, and maybe John or others might want to jump in. But that was probably most pronounced. And by that, I mean, the shift that we saw, it was most pronounced in the second quarter last year. When we got to the third and the fourth quarter, there was a little more balance between the various income cohorts in terms of share gain. And that's what we saw in the most recent quarter as well. But I think the big story here is that -- that’s around how our value proposition for convenience is resonating. We've always been known for price, but I think the steps we've taken in the last three to five years to expand our e-commerce capabilities, to expand online pickup and delivery, you see that resonate with customers. And it doesn't matter what your monthly income is, everybody values convenience the same. So that's the big takeaway here. And I think it's an important point as you think about the future of Walmart as we have these new shoppers coming to us, as we have higher income shoppers coming to shop for not only grocery but general merchandise, we want to retain those. We want to retain them with better experiences, better product offerings, and we're seeing that in the actions that we're taking today.
Judith McKenna: Hi Oliver, just on that first point on the kind of tech-enabled ecosystem and marketplace. We've seen some really strong progress on that internationally with a lot of leverage from U.S. learnings that we've been able to apply particularly from a marketplace perspective where we're building out a global marketplace capability. We've just launched Walmart fulfillment services in a number of our markets. So that's really been enabling that on the ecosystem. India is probably one of the better examples that we have, although Walmex has been another great example of building out that ecosystem. Putting the customer at the center of it and using our digital capabilities to figure out how we serve them best in a simple and effective manner. And you heard John David talk about the work that we're doing, for example, in travel, where we can also cross-sell in India for products well in our marketplace at the same time is selling tickets for people, whether that be for air or for buses, which we've just launched. And as far as China is concerned, they undoubtedly had a very strong quarter. It was one of the important drivers of the quarter performance for International, although we saw strength across the board from most of our markets. In particular, as you commented, the reopening of Chinese New Year, for Chinese New Year made a profound effect on the quarter. Just to give you an idea of the scale of what happened there and the response of our teams, we had all of our product positioned for a Chinese New Year event based in the cities where most people were. What happened is actually everybody went home into the more rural areas. And our team had to pivot completely within a 10-day window and reallocate all of the inventory that we had around the country. It was a remarkable asset, which just demonstrated their agility and resilience. The Chinese economy is still patches. Undoubtedly, consumer sentiment, if you look externally, is better than it was, not all the way to bright yet pre-COVID, but both of our businesses there are benefiting from the reopening. So Sam's Club continues to do well. We have six new clubs opening this year. And then on hypers, really focusing on doubling down on how we think about fulfilled -- store fulfilled for e-commerce. That e-commerce penetration remains at about 40%, which is a slight softening from where it was, but that's also partly seasonal because of the Chinese New Year time. On India, as Doug commented, we were there recently, both Flipkart and PhonePe continue to impress us and meet our expectation. The build-out of the ecosystem for Flipkart, I think we've talked about, but it's PhonePe, it's really impressive to see their results as well, leveraging over the 1 trillion TPV mark, 36 million merchants online, and enabling those merchants to be able to grow their businesses as well was really impressive to see. What we're seeing in India is a build-out of an ecosystem in its own right between our tech capabilities, between our sourcing capabilities, Flipkart and PhonePe, it's becoming a mutually reinforcing flywheel of strength for that market, and we're excited on what they're going to do in the future.
Judith McKenna: Yes. So same story really, which is, as the eco system builds out, it continues to be better strength in our advertising businesses everywhere. So the Flipkart growth is about 50% year-on-year, but Walmex equally had very strong growth at about 64% year-on-year. So those businesses continue to grow. We continue to learn and learn new skills about how to best serve the advertisers who wants to come on to our platform. And I think that's one of the areas that we've seen a lot of good global leverage and global learning as well to really help reinforce that.
Judith McKenna: From an international perspective on marketplaces, we continue to see SKU growth across Mexico and Canada, but both of those marketplaces are quite nascent in their development and provide a lot of opportunity for the future. Walmex added 50% of SKUs in Q1 versus the same time in the previous year. Of course, our most mature marketplace is in India, which has hundreds of millions of products on that. It continues to find new ways to serve customers. But when they recently launched Flipkart fulfillment services, that connectivity between the advertising, providing the services to help sellers wherever they are in India be able to get items to customers and our business is working really well. Again, we've only recently launched that, and we're already seeing really good traction right across the country.
