John David Rainey: Simeon, I'll start and others may want to jump in. On the legal expenses, those were related to -- largely related to prior periods, and that was not anticipated within the quarter. It's around $70 million to $75 million. So we would not expect that to recur into the fourth quarter. On the alternative revenue perhaps, I'll start and let others jump in. Our plan is that we shared at Investor Day is somewhat dependent upon the level of investments that we're having and seeing improving unit economics, but it's also growing these parts of our business that are much higher margin. We talked about the growth in advertising across all segments quite frankly and international while it was slower in this quarter, we'll see strong growth for the year. All of these as they becoming a larger part of our overall business mix, you're going to have an outsized contribution to our margin performance. So if you go back and you think about what we shared at Investor Day saying that we expect over the next several years to grow sales 4% and operating income greater than 4%, we would expect with each passing year, we're going to see a greater contribution from these higher margin profit streams, which help us to improve our margin each year.
John David Rainey: Sure. I'll start and then, John, is probably going to want to jump in. Yes, the legal expenses hit the U.S. segment. There were some other items in there, like, I'll point out that we spent a little bit more on remodels. We did an all-time high level of remodels in the quarter. But this is investing in our business, which we definitely want to lean into. We're excited about the returns we're seeing around that. We're excited about the returns you're seeing on e-commerce. And so there were some investments related to that, but the vast majority of the delta between our guidance and actual performance was related to the legal accrual. In terms of our long-term plan, and as it pertains to like possible changes in the consumer, I think our value proposition resonates more than ever when the consumer is pressured. And we've seen this year that they not only are coming to us for the value that we provide, but also for the convenience and these are areas that we're investing in. So we have a ton of conviction in the strategy that we have in our -- in place and our ability to execute on that. We should separate that from calling out some maybe potential weakness or wobbling among the consumer that we saw in the back half of October. But we're very excited about the plan we have in place.
John David Rainey: Kate, this is John David, I'll take this. You're right to call out some of the economic factors that may be driving this. We're seeing credit tightening. We're in a period of time 12 months after the Fed has begun raising rates. We've seen consumer balance sheets that are getting back close to pre-pandemic levels. You've got the repayment of student loans, which affects about 27 million Americans. So all of these things could be contributing. I do want to point out, John talked about the impact of weather can have on our business. I'm learning that that can have profound effects in consumer shopping patterns. And we saw anomalous weather in the back half of October. So there is a number of different reasons, we can't put our finger on is exactly. And so that's why we take a little bit more of a cautious stance as we go into the fourth quarter, calling out perhaps more variability because there are some trends that have been different than what we saw the first 11 weeks of the quarter. Not to be alarmist, so I think our business is still performing really well. That's why we called out what we've seen thus far in November. In particular, the events that we've had. Walmart U.S., some of the more festive events internationally, we've seen strong response from our customers. But that this is -- this was -- the trend we saw in the back half of October was different than anything else we've seen this year. And so we simply want to call that out. In regards to promotion, maybe the segment CEOs want to comment on this, but I feel like we're in a good place from overall an inventory level. I don't necessarily see a more promotional holiday season than what we were currently planning.
John David Rainey: Well, Michael, it's good to speak with you. One of the things that we're looking at closely in our business is units, and we've seen good growth in units, so it has not been entirely driven by just higher prices. We think we're positioned well as we go into the end of this year and into next year. To answer your question, it would depend upon what's driving the 2% comp. And so it's hard to extrapolate trends from this year into that. The team here, though, is very focused on what could happen in a more deflationary environment and making sure that we're --we have a cost structure that supports the revenue environment that we operate in. So when you think about the relationship between operating income and sales on a multi-year basis, we actually feel like we're in a really strong position given what's happening in the business from one quarter to the next that may not always be the case as we manage through certain headwinds, but we feel like we're positioned well for virtually any economic environment. And I'll remind you, like I know there's maybe trepidation or concern among consumer health. This is when we shine. This is when Walmart is at its best when we can deliver value for our members and customers. And so we look forward to being able to put up financial results in any economic environment.
John David Rainey: Robbie, good to speak with you. This is John David. I'll start and address the LIFO part of the question and maybe hand it over to Doug and others. On the improvements that we've made there. That is, as you know, dependent upon the cost of goods that we're buying. And we've seen the pricing level come down overall broadly. But I don't want to miss the point to mention that our teams have actually done a really good job of working with suppliers to help affect that outcome. So this is not something that just happens to us. The team has worked to actually have this outcome, so it's far better than what we expected when we went into the beginning of the year, and we're actually pleased to see this outcome.
John David Rainey: Yeah. The legal charge is 40 basis points, go with that number. And as it relates to our guidance for the year, I'll point out that 7% to 7.5% operating income on our business is $125 million. That is really more -- it's kind of a precise number for the size business that we are. And so that the magnitude of some of these things, like the hurricane, like the legal charges, push us to the lower end of that range for the year. On general merchandise, we did see some of the impact from business mix in the quarter. We benefited from that. The U.S. was up, I think, 5 bps, if I remember correctly. But as Doug noted, too, like we're certainly trying to be -- to lower prices for our customers and make sure that we're providing the value that they need. So there's a balance of all of that that's impacting those numbers.
Doug McMillon: Simeon this is Doug. I would just add that I think you should have it in the continue to build category rather than in inflection.
Doug McMillon: Kelly, this is Doug. And related to the last part of what you asked about, I don't think there's anything that causes us to think operating income won't grow faster than sales. We've had really strong sales performance now for a few years. Obviously, we were impacted by what happens in our environment, but we expect to grow share. We expect to have a healthy topline and as it relates to operating income, we've got a really good multiyear plan with two primary dimensions, one is the automation investments that will -- that drives productivity improvements and the other dimension is related to how the digital business has changed the shape of the income statement. Both of those things will be true, and it's a multi-year plan that shows progress along the way. So you guys from quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year will see us make progress, and not every quarter, maybe up into the right in every category, but if you look at what happens from a trend point-of-view, those are the things we expect to deliver and because operating income is growing faster than sales, we -- our plan requires that we grow return on investment at a higher rate over time. That's the plan.
Doug McMillon: Yeah, Paul. Really positive strength in categories like hardlines, our auto care center is running really well and the events that we talked about. I had mentioned earlier. It's great to see momentum with strong toy items and customers are responding to great gifts, like the Barbie Malibu House which is selling for $69, was $89 before it wanted to rollbacks, so those types of items are working really well. Customers also great to see -- after the redesign of the -- how the team is merchandising, general merchandise reflective of the seasons' RIN (ph). The site was really on point for Halloween before that for Labor Day. And you'll see the site flip quite frequently. So the team is doing a nice job reacting in categories to the plans that they have, but there's some categories there were strengthened. And as I said, there's still a long way between here and the holidays. We have a good plan. Our people are ready, your inventory is in position. So, we're ready for our customers.
Doug McMillon: Robbie, this is Doug. Generally across markets, we have an inflationary environment. The U.S., and what we went through here the last few years is more dramatic than what I'd seen in the U.S. But of course had experienced that in Brazil and Argentina and other places. China is not really inflated. That's an outlier as it relates to this conversation. But in the U.S. specifically, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, in the fresh categories, you see beef up, but dairy, eggs, chicken, seafood down. So commodities will do what commodities will do. General merchandise had been coming down and came down a little more aggressively in the last few weeks or months than the trend before that, which we think is a really good thing. But it does start to have an impact on dollars when units -- when the units don't go up enough to offset the deflationary impact as it relates to GM. The dry grocery and consumables question feels like the key question Will it come down? Will those categories come down? We hope they will. On a two-year stack in Walmart US, John, I think we're still mid-double digits, slightly up versus a year ago. But we think we may see dry grocery and consumables start to deflate in the coming weeks and months. And so as we look ahead to next year, we could find ourselves in Walmart U.S. with a deflationary environment. And John David mentioned earlier, that causes us to think about what are we doing with expenses. Are we ready for that? It's too early to call how dramatic it'll be. And as we mentioned earlier, we are happy about it. We want our customers and members to have lower prices, and we'll manage mix, and we'll manage through it better than anyone. And it doesn't change anything about our plan. All the things that we've been doing to change, to be able to serve people in new ways, like with pickup and delivery, the expansion of the marketplace, all the things that flow from that, that help us with operating income, all those things are still true regardless of what the top line dollar growth rate looks like as a total enterprise. And for a while now, we've been talking about four and greater than four. If you look back at the last three years, I'm hard-pressed to remember 2019 seems like a long time ago, but 2019 grew faster than 2018 on a calendar year basis. So we had a trending growth rate moving the right direction, and then the pandemic hits, and then inflation hits. So if you look back at the last three or four years, We've been growing faster than four. If we find ourselves in a deflationary environment next year and we grow at four or a little less than four, or around four, as long as we're growing share and improving what we're doing for customers and members on the top line, that'll be what it'll be. We'll get as much as we earn, but the operating income percentage will still go up because we've got this automation plan and we've got the digital businesses reshaping the income statement, which will help returns. So the plan is the plan we are executing. We're just trying to communicate with you today as we release our results, what we saw the last part of October in Walmart U.S. in particular, communicate what happened with expenses. But fundamentally, what's happening here is exactly what was happening here three months ago, six months ago, we are executing our plan.
Doug McMillon: Wage inflation is not as bad as it was before. We – as John mentioned earlier what happened in Walmart U.S. I'm not worried about wages. We've got an appropriate wage improvement for our associates planned for next year. I think we're in good shape. We're staffed, we've got a good plan. Not concerned about that aspect of it.
Doug McMillon: Hey, Peter. Good morning. Thanks for the question. No, it's still early to -- and time will tell how this affects the customer and affects the business. As we said before, we're seeing some shifts in categories, but right now, we really don't have anything else to add above and beyond what we've said in the past.
Doug McMillon: I don't know that we have a lot more to add on the consumer than what we've already said. I think we covered it. We're well positioned and I think our value proposition across categories and the way we're serving people, which helps them save time as well as save money, causes us to feel good about our position for the quarter. We get a lot of questions about what's happening in the U.S. economy and other economies and what's happening with the consumer, and we feel compelled sometimes to try and help explain what we're seeing. But to be clear from our point of view, we are front-footed, offensive, and feeling good about our opportunities. Stores and clubs look good. So that's the way we're thinking about the quarter.
Doug McMillon: Yeah. I'll just wrap up here. We've gone a little over time. I'm as excited as I have been. We're executing our plan. We've got a good plan. Customers and members are choosing us, and I think they have been choosing us not only because of price leadership, which they can count on and we will continue but also because we're making it easier to shop with us. Our MPS scores in stores and clubs are encouraging. Our MPS scores as they're improving across pickup and delivery, are encouraging. We just want to save people money and time and make this easy and help them have a great holiday season. And I think as it relates to the top line, we can continue to expect that we will outperform and do well. And as it relates to operating income growth, we'll grow it faster than sales over time because we've got this really good automation plan. The metrics that John David outlined when we started the call are really encouraging. We continue to feel very good about what that's going to mean for our business. And then as it relates to the business mix, having e-commerce grow so much across our segments is awesome and encouraging. And as a reminder, that's a combination of first and third party. And as we grow with our suppliers and also with our marketplace sellers, we get those opportunities to serve them with ads, to serve them through fulfillment services, to monetize our data in different ways. So the business model change will continue, which will enable that operating income growth to help us improve returns over time. So we're antsy about Christmas every year. This is my 33 year and I feel like it's a bit of a rerun in that it seems like we're always talking about customers being price-conscious, and we always will be. And they're always looking for the hot toy and the right gift for Christmas. And they'll come buy food for us for Thanksgiving and for the Christmas meal. And then New Year's will come, and we'll have clearance prices after Christmas, and we'll have a strong January because customers will react to clearance at least the first couple of weeks when that's happening. And we'll update you on the fourth quarter and tell you how it went. But we feel really good about our position and excited about executing this plan and appreciate your ongoing support and interest in our company.
John Furner: Hi, Kelly. It's John. Good morning. First, I'm also excited about the topline results at 49% (ph) and then e-commerce at 24%, the team has made a lot of improvements, they should get the credit for that. You heard a couple of things there, one about remodels. As John David mentioned, we had a 117 remodels complete all on November 3. We think that's the largest number of remodels, we've ever had complete in a single day. And then if you add together late October and November, it was 197 remodels and those remodels have improved, apparel improved, home, they have wider aisles. We're really happy with the way the signing layout and they also have more investment for our online pickup and delivery business, which is a key catalyst for e-commerce growth and help us with being flexible for customers and any type of situation, they want to shop in, so there is some costs associated with that in the quarter but we feel great about those being investments for the long-term.
John Furner: Hi. Good morning, Paul. It's John, I'll start with Walmart U.S. and then pass it over to Kath and Chris to talk about the other segments. I think if -- as you step back and look at the growth, one, we're pleased with our online pickup delivery business from stores, we have strength in food. The team has continued over the last few years to expand our capacity, and more importantly, they made improvements on key metrics like the one we call Perfect Order which is getting customers what they want, when they want, and I think that's a reflection of better in-stock in food, overall that's helped us with our share gains and the food category. With marketplace really pleased with the progress the team has made with Tom Ward and Manish having their First Summit as we mentioned earlier. In the quarter, we're seeing more sellers come online, our assortment has grown significantly. And just this week, I was in one of the new fulfillment centers that John David mentioned, the Lancaster, Texas which is a great facility managed by a very qualified team and it's of course reassuring to see the amount of marketplace inventory that's come again and seeing the number of marketplace sellers which we're grateful for those sellers who trust us to do their fulfillment and that's been -- that's been promising. Now, in the month of November, we had our first event last week and getting into our holiday season, we have a long way to go from here until the end of holidays. But, really pleased with the results in marketplace, which is of course reflective of results in art and apparel, and gifting and other categories that are in line with the question you asked about general merchandise. So these are important businesses because they help customers shop the way they shop with -- the way they want to shop, when they want to shop. And marketplace over time, of course, will be a key driver to some of the other businesses like advertising as more sellers find customers on the Walmart Marketplace, they'll want to use services like our fulfillment services and our advertising business. So, turn it over to Kath to talk about international.
John Furner: This is John. Kate, good morning. I think what's encouraging is that our traffic, our transaction counts, remained strong and consistent throughout the quarter. The end of October, we did grow our Halloween business a little less than we expected. I'm sure there's something to do with weather and it being on a Tuesday, which is different than prior years. And then as we got in November with the cold weather, we saw cold weather categories respond right away. Our event was strong, so John David said it right. We're just cautious of the shift that we did see. But overall seeing the number of customers who shop continue to grow. We've seen new customers all year across a wide variety of income groups. We'll be ready for all those customers and we'll be ready for anything that they need at the time. I really like the flexibility the team has built-in. We delivered Halloween up until 06:00 PM on the date of the holiday, which is something we haven't been able to do before. So our Express and same day delivery service continues to grow, which is helping us right up until the point customers need product.
John Furner: Michael, we want to make sure we're doing everything we can to keep prices as low as possible for our customers. I'm really pleased in the U.S. business that our rollback count is up significantly over last year. It was a lot of fun to be able to tell all of our customers that Thanksgiving at Walmart this year will be a lower price than what it was a year ago. We worked really hard the last two years to keep it flat, and it's coming down, and that's great for customers. You had really stubborn inflation in categories like dry grocery. So I'm excited when I'm in stores. And I was in Uvalde, Texas the other day, the number of rollbacks that we have out on feature in front of customers right up front in categories like dry grocery. A lot of our fresh categories have come in line. Eggs and dairy have come back in line from a year ago. That's great for customers. And as John David said, that's the time that we win. We deliver value and our team's ready to do that in any condition.
John Furner: Yeah, Rupesh. Good morning. It's John. The remodels really that was a big number of remodels ahead. I mentioned earlier 197 remodels completed between late October and November 3. Of course, we'll continue our remodel program throughout next year. We have a good plan on the number of sites and we're excited about the results that we're seeing. From those, we definitely hear and know that our results change for categories like apparel, home. So I think we're -- we have a good plan there. It was a higher number at the end of the quarter and the end of the month than what we had originally planned for. Some had slipped in the later period. So I think we'll have a good balance as we move forward. On wages. We're staffed, ready for the holiday. For the most part, stores and distribution centers are completely staffed. There are some locations that will continue to hire, and we didn't go out this year with a large number of people that we intended to hire for the holiday. We're happy with our full-time part-time ratio and where we need hours the next few weeks, which is really next week for food leading into the event Wednesday going into the Thanksgiving holidays and Black Friday, we'll be ready to manage the business with our existing associates.
John Furner: I think the short answer is -- it does make it does make sense to accelerate, and we have accelerated. So we will complete this year a couple of hundred more than we did the last few years. So the number of remodels has gone up. The team has got much more, I'd say got their arms around the process, the new fixtures, the changes. So the remodels are happening a bit quicker and more smoothly than they were years past. And also the supply chain is helping. We were doing remodels in '21 and '22, where we had a hard time getting fixtures and getting parts and getting the equipment in on time. So we're feeling better about the way these are all coming together. The performance of the remodels we are -- I mean, we continue to be pleased with on the top line, we continue to be pleased with the MPS numbers. We see the customer reaction of the new assortment, particularly, as I mentioned earlier, apparel, pets, beauty, home, a number of categories is really great. And I mentioned I was in one that completed just a couple of weeks ago in Uvalde, Texas. And you know it's just such great -- such a great investment in the community. It makes the store feel new, refreshed. People are -- there's a different look in their eye and a smile. The associates are thrilled with the results and they were really proud of it. And as we go on the holidays, I think that customers will really love to see in these communities all across the U.S. more access to different products than they had before. And one of the things that's important in all these remodel processes is that the customer notices the difference and they notice the difference not only in the facility but in the product. And I think we're delivering both of those in the remodel. So we'll continue an aggressive plan for the remodel locations into next year
John Furner: No, it's in the plan. What happened in Q3 is a few that had been in process, slipped into late October, and then 117 on one day was quite a big number. So what you'll see going forward is a more balanced of remodels completing by quarter. Ideally, we would have liked to complete -- we wouldn't want to have those so close to the holiday. I think the teams have done a nice job of finishing the remodels and then getting back right into merchandising for the holiday. So to be more even across quarters, but that's all built into our plan.
John Furner: Yeah. Good. Thanks for asking, Seth. We've been pleased to see share growth all year, and we've talked about that across income groups. And what's been encouraging as of late is a bit higher share growth in general merchandise categories. We saw that month by month throughout the third quarter.
Chris Nicholas: So, it's exciting time. Paul, thanks for the question. I think what's really interesting for all of us, but definitely for Sam's is that members want this, and so we're giving them what they want and we are at 13% of sales, 16% growth in the quarter. But we think it's a really huge opportunity, and as I think about e-commerce for and omnichannel sales for Sam's, I think about a digitally connected member. So Scan and Go teaches our members that we are a digitally relevant business and they look to shop online and on the -- whether on the web or on the apps and we feel really good about that. We've got all-time highs in that space. The other thing is really interesting is, as we look at the new members. We got an all-time high number of membership in Sam's and a lot of those people that are coming in now with digitally engaged members that coming in and they're buying new memberships digitally. So we're feeling good. In terms of mix, GM and a Club Pick (ph), so grocery, pantry they're all strong, which we're feeling good about. We don't have a marketplace in Sam's yet, we're very focused on items and on curation of great items and I think that's going to be really important for the Sam's business as we go forward. And the thing that I finished with, there is the great items, drive the organic traffic. So we'll continue to focus on those great items and I think we'll get a lot -- we'll continue to get a lot of organic traffic there.
Chris Nicholas: Thanks for that, Krisztina (ph). So let's talk about general merchandise first. Customers are responding to rollbacks. I mentioned one earlier in the Barbie category, which is the Malibu Dream House. So we see that consistently across other items in toys and toys is top of mind because it's the Christmas, whether it's the Melissa and Doug home set that's rolled by $10 to $25. We have the old classic Furby. That's $49 down for $59. Really good unit movements. We -- we're also happy to see, as I said earlier, the number of rollbacks that are across the entire store and the assortment of over 50% over last year. So customers are responding. But most importantly, our team is proud to offer great values and lower prices to customers. We've been in a pretty steep inflationary environment the last couple of years, so it's good to see some of these prices come back in line. And as far as how we think about that going forward, we mentioned this earlier that the results in e-commerce are quite encouraging at plus 24% for the quarter, and the breadth of the offer in e-commerce as it develops, I think is quite encouraging with growth of the marketplace, continued acceleration of the online pickup delivery business, and our first party business. And as we get into this holiday season, the team has worked really hard on inventory positioning, the condition in stores. Our MPS levels are at a really good spot and have continued to improve. And I think the result of that is we've had consistent traffic growth throughout the quarter and we continue to see that, which is a good sign for what may be to come.
Chris Nicholas: Okay. Thanks, Kathryn. And Krisztina, thanks for the question. I think probably I'd just like to start with the prerogative that I have of now running this business to thank the Sam's Club associates for such a brilliant quarter and for the hard work that they have done to deliver that set of results. They're a team I'm really proud of and I'm grateful to be part of that club, and honestly, it's kind of a lot of fun to be here, and Kath knows that and told me that would be the case. I'm really grateful for the strong foundation that the Sam's Club team has built. It's a brilliant talent, a deep bench of merchant talent and it's -- I mean, it really is a merchant-led business. We've got an amazing member-led culture, fantastic clubs and associates, great items, strong brand in member's mark, and the beginnings of a world-class e-commerce business. And all of that drives really strong member value. So I see a really unique opportunity for Sam's to use this momentum as a jumping off point to accelerate, to driving growth through digital engagement, offering unique value through great items that consumers can't get anywhere else, and a deep understanding of members in a way that will make us more relevant to them both in club and digitally, so we can appeal to an even broader set of consumers. So, yeah, a lot to go for. Really exciting. So thanks for asking.
