Daniel Binder: Good morning, and welcome to Walmart's 2020 Investment Community Meeting. Thank you all for being here, and thanks to those joining us on the webcast. We appreciate your interest in Walmart.  I know the executive team looks forward to sharing their strategies with you and answering your questions. Now let me get a few of our usual statements out of the way.  The information presented at today's meeting should be viewed in conjunction with our press release and earnings materials that can be found on our website, stock.walmart.com. The presentations will also be posted on our website as they are completed.  Today's presentations include forward-looking statements that are subject to future events and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. Please reference our entire safe harbor statement and non-GAAP reconciliations on our website, stock.walmart.com.  Hopefully, you've had a chance to review our earnings materials issued this morning, which we'll discuss in more detail during today's presentations. You can see today's agenda on the screens beside me. So we'll kick things off in a minute with Doug McMillon, Walmart's President and CEO. Then you'll hear from our CFO, Brett Biggs. And at that point, we'll have a 30-minute Q&A session to discuss Q4 results and guidance. Following that, we will have a brief break and then continue with the rest of our program.  After the segment presentations, we'll be doing something new this year. We will have an innovation panel discussion to highlight some of the many innovations across the business. We will then wrap up with an hour Q&A session. And at the end of that session, our formal meeting will conclude. We invite you to join us upstairs for lunch, where you'll have an opportunity to spend time with our executive team.  With that, let's get things started. 
Daniel Binder: Yes. So we are going to have, as I mentioned earlier, a separate Q&A session at the end of today's program. So this Q&A session is really designed for Q4 and guidance. We'll stick, hopefully, to that and get through the next 30 minutes if we have that many questions. If not, we'll continue the program sooner. 
Daniel Binder: We'll hit Scott and Chuck next. And if we could just keep the questions to the quarter and guidance, that would be great. 
Daniel Binder: Great. That wraps up our Q&A session, our first Q&A session. And we'll have a little transition here. And Doug, we'll let you take the stage. 
Daniel Binder: Great. Thank you, Kath. So we'll have a 15-minute break as we transition to our innovation panel, and then that will be followed by our Q&A session. So thanks.  [Break] 
Daniel Binder: So as I mentioned earlier, we have an innovation panel that we're introducing to the program this year. And we'll kick it off with Doug and Suresh, and I'll let you take the lead on. 
Daniel Binder: I saw that. He's not wasted any time. Again, if you could just state your name and firm, I mean, that would be appreciated for the webcast. 
Daniel Binder: And we're going to go to the other side of the room, Chris, and then we'll go to Oliver after that. 
Daniel Binder: I think we probably have time for 1 more or 2 more. Rupesh, and then Ed, we'll make you the last one after that. 
Daniel Binder: So with that, the formal part of our meeting has concluded, and our webcast has ended. As I mentioned earlier, we have lunch available upstairs where you can spend some time with our executive team. Thank you for your interest.
Doug McMillon: Yes, sure. I'll start, and Brett, you can add in if you want to. I think we've got room to run on both. If you look at the grocery side of things, the first thing that goes through my mind is product quality and what we're doing in the supply chain to make sure the stores look great. Not only is that product what we put in front of customers every day in stores, but it's what we pick and it's what we deliver.  And our pickup business, as we've lapped, anniversaried stores that we've rolled out, has continued to show strong comps, and we have the opportunity to add more stores, and then we're layering delivery on top of that. And while we're up to 1,600 stores with delivery, we've still got a runway to go there to add stores and we've got comp numbers that we can drive just on delivery from store to store.  So there are so many dimensions that we can build on to grow there, and the stores increasingly can start to pick general merchandise. So you'll start to see a basket that looks like it's broader than just food and consumables. Big GM assortment in stores, a lot of items that are of tremendous values to customers, and we'll layer that on.  At the same time, we've got the walmart.com opportunity. And with the action that Marc and the team took earlier this year to expand the number of next-day items that we have, we've got that growth opportunity. That number, SKU count-wise, will continue to go up. And you'll hear more in a little bit about what we're doing with marketplace and fulfilled-by as a service. So there's a breadth of opportunities to drive growth there. And we think the number that we've guided towards today is a number that we can deliver, and it will be a combination of both. 
Doug McMillon: Well, we'll continue -- and we'll talk about this in a little bit as well, we'll continue some level of price investments. Staying on the offense and driving the productivity loop is our mindset around those things. I'm not forgetting the fact that we make money in food and consumables. And you know that with the mix of fresh, there's profitability there, and we're starting to do some membership sales which are interesting.  But there is a particular focus in the company, especially after the fourth quarter, on general merchandise. As we walk our stores, we think we've got room to improve in several different general merchandise departments as well as just adding brands and SKUs like we've been doing so feverishly on Walmart.com. So we've got to execute the GM side of the box in addition to the food side, but we're very focused on it. 
Doug McMillon: Yes, I don't think we've quantified the number on comps for grocery pickup and delivery, but they are really strong. And now we're to the point, Peter, where we can see some stores that are in their second and third years. So that's also really encouraging to see. In a little bit, we'll talk about the expansion of store numbers with the specific numbers for pickup and delivery. But it's a combination of adding some stores and driving that comp growth and then putting everything together with the membership fee that's on our mind. 
Doug McMillon: Yes. It was, as we mentioned earlier, one of the areas where we fell short. And what we think happened is we got really focused, maybe even more so, on opening price points inside the stores and also very focused on Christmas seasonal apparel. We looked like red and green and could have been more basic and could have had some kind of middle price points as opposed to opening price points. And so we're focused on that.  There's a ton of work on SKU count, presentation that's been underway for a while now, and we're optimistic that we'll be able to improve the in-store assortment of apparel and in parallel grow our apparel business online. We have a really big opportunity to sell a lot more apparel online. And we're adding brands. We've had some success this last year with some of the brands that we've launched, including Scoop. But there's a lot of upside for apparel online as well. We need them both. It's really an important category, not only from the customer experience, but from a margin mix point of view. 
Doug McMillon: Yes. We should say, for just walmart.com, apparel is growing faster than the total. Apparel and home are both performing well, we just need even more from them. 
Doug McMillon: Yes, it was good. But we don't think that we've done everything we must do and should do to support marketplace sellers in terms of the tools and services that we have available. And we've grown a marketplace business over the last few years to a pretty good size, and it's helped us a lot with the assortment and being top of mind for customers as they're looking for items. There's a lot of upside for us and Marc's going to talk a little bit more about that later. So let me let him elaborate on it. 
Doug McMillon: Yes. I think growing traffic in that range would be a good accomplishment, but I'd like to see more than that, especially when you think about it in an omnichannel fashion. And the combination of choices that we make, we'll manage from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, we can make investments at store level in price to help drive the productivity loop. We can make investments in eCommerce to help drive eCommerce.  And as we see eCommerce losses improve, it gives us some room to make choices to do things like this year, the choice that we're making to accelerate our modernization of technology, which we'll talk more about in a moment. So the team works together in a really fluid way to set these priorities to make sure we're balancing all these things, including driving traffic growth. But overall, I would expect that we can transform the company while maintaining a level of profitability that is in the range of what we're talking about for this year. But we only set guidance 1 year at a time. 
Doug McMillon: So yes, eCommerce was ahead of plan and stores were behind plan; and some combination of 6 fewer days, channel shift to eCommerce, maybe even that weather word you mentioned, all those things factored into what happened. And we wish we could tell you precisely how it weighted out. I don't think we're going to be able to tell you exactly what happened. But we do know that we've got room to improve in terms of store merchandising and assortment, not to say that there aren't a lot of strengths there. I mean, we've called out the specific categories.  I can't remember a year where there wasn't a hot toy. The hottest toy this year was under $5. Many brands, these miniature mayonnaise jars and ketchup bottles, which I still don't completely understand. But it didn't really drive a lot of volume. There's not really another hot item. That's unusual. The calendars, every few years, this happens. And I didn't feel very good the last time this happened. And I'm getting old enough to remember several cycles now. So I'm not sure how to weight all that out for you. But we do know we've got to keep getting better at eCommerce and we got to run great stores, and that's where our focus is on tactically. 
Doug McMillon: And low unemployment, relatively low fuel prices, really no inflation in the business, which is interesting. The comps that we're driving result in a lot of tonnage. And so that's great. I think there's room to make the price investments that we need to make across the box, not just in general merchandise in the plan to drive this kind of comp. But we assume that the customer is going to be somewhat in the same place that they're in right now. 
Doug McMillon: We'll wrap up this morning talking about technology and giving you some examples of things that we're thinking about as it relates to automation. But we do have an opportunity inside the box, grocery picking on the side of the box as well as back in our distribution centers, to add even more types of software and hardware to make ourselves more productive. And I'm excited about that. 
Doug McMillon: Those pieces include first-party, third-party services that support marketplace sellers, the way we manage stores and some of the other areas that we'll mention today. If we're thinking about the whole system, do we think that eCommerce losses will subside in time incrementally as we drive CP improvement and learn how to run an eCommerce business better? Yes. But it'll be a mix of things that will drive the profitability of the company. 
Doug McMillon: We just won't let it happen. I mean, we've lived through what that looks like and we're in the stores all the time and paying attention to what hours and structure look like. I think that we would say that over the last year or so, our focus on grocery shifted the store managers' focus and others' focus to really executing in-stock and grocery pick and deliver on the food and consumable side. And it may have contributed some to apparel presentation and general merchandise. So in this business, you got to run the whole box, and we're focused on that and thinking about our staffing that way as we head into next year.  As we build new products, I think this is kind of embedded in your question, Scott, launch grocery delivery, charge a membership for it and do other things, we've got to keep an eye on a pure store P&L and make sure that it's not inappropriately subsidizing new businesses. And we do think about that and keep an eye on it as we manage all these variables. I hope that answers your question.  Yes. That goes into follow-up. 
Doug McMillon: We've made a lot of progress on those things, but maintaining gaps and staying aggressive is in our plan, just not exclusively. 
Doug McMillon: Yes, let's start with store operations. I mean, when Judith and her team wake up and maybe you are getting some sleep, they are thinking, first and foremost, about what's happening with our associates? What do they need? Are the stores being run well? Are we taking care of customers to the extent that we can? And we do currently have a majority of our stores with reduced hours.  Looking back over the last few weeks, there have been a few times when we've closed a store for a little while. But we like to keep stores open. Customers need us. We do it with hurricanes in the U.S., we're doing it in this situation in China. There's collaboration going on with the appropriate government officials to make sure that we're doing all the things that they would expect us to do. And our team on the ground is doing a great job managing that.  The mix shift happened. So if you could imagine yourself in that situation, you're focused on fresh food, you're focused on the staples that you need to have in your apartment or your home all the time, you're not thinking about toys or apparel. So that's occurred. And then another dimension that's changed is delivery's gone up even higher, as you would guess. And so this relationship that we've got with Dada for the last-mile delivery or last-few-steps delivery from the store up to the apartment, those kinds of things, that's enabled us to pick from our stores and do delivery and fuel some of that growth.  But it will create a mix change to the P&L and we don't know what's going to happen next. I mean, one of the reasons why we couldn't put it in our guidance is because there's so many moving parts right now, including sourcing coming out of China, not only into the U.S., but into other markets as well. It's important for everybody to remember, in the U.S., we do about 2/3 of our volume with goods made in the United States. That other 1/3 comes from a combination of countries, especially China, Canada, Mexico, a little bit from India, Southeast Asia. So how long would those shipments be delayed? What can we do to buy goods that are already in the U.S. or made in the U.S. to supplement some of that so we don't feel as much of it? All of that work is happening, which makes it really difficult to call how it's going to play out in the quarter. We're not even through the first month yet. So that's why we've made the decision we've made. 
Doug McMillon: Yes, I think it's more incremental. And we wouldn't put it on sale, we'd roll it back for at least 90 days, like it wouldn't be too temporary. I think we're -- the way we're coming across is probably being too dismissive of the strength of the general merchandise business in the stores. We have a lot of great merchandise and our teams do a great job across the board in hardlines and in some departments in particular. So there's a strength there to build on.  Do I think that GM needs to grow faster than the total in stores and online? Yes. Do I think we've got room to make that happen in terms of the product we select and how we present it in store and online? I do. So I would just expect, over time, these things to get stronger as the team gets really focused on apparel and home and some hardlines categories. And I think the opportunity, both in stores and online, is clear and exciting. But it won't be a 1-quarter switch and it's not that easy. If it was that easy, we would've already done it. 
Doug McMillon: I don't know that we've quantified it, but we changed our attendance policy and tied it to our incentive plans and people really showed up to work. And we, of course, anticipated that we would see that, but not to the extent that it happened. 
Doug McMillon: No. Yes, I think those are 2 separate conversations. In a little while, we'll talk about all the things we're doing with associates to attract and retain talent. So let's cover it when we look forward. But that fourth quarter issue was just as I described, it's kind of that simple. 
Doug McMillon: Yes, good question. We have a lot of data and have good visibility into where people are shopping, what's happening with us. And I would say, and I'll say it again in a few minutes, the fact that customers that shop us both in stores and online are so much more connected to our brand, spending 2x and spending more in store, is a thing that we're really focused on.  So we have a lot of data and we can gather even more data, but I think I know it's going to tell us at the end. If you win their most frequently purchased items, you get the opportunity to serve impulse items online and in-store. And our focus is in driving that sweet spot. 
Doug McMillon: Thank you.  We actually have a 15-minute break scheduled for the session, so come back in about 15. [Break] 
Doug McMillon: Great. Thanks, Marc. So that will conclude the morning session or the early morning session. We're going to take a 15-minute break, and we'll be back with the rest of the program. Thanks. [Break] [Presentation] 
Doug McMillon: Yes. We're going to take a few minutes and try to give you some examples of innovation that's happening, that are happening across the company. And we'll try to do that with some speed, and maybe we'll talk a little bit about how it's happening as well.  And I mentioned earlier that we've been innovating and operating on top of a legacy tech stack that, as you would imagine through our acquisitions, as we grown internationally and built a business, historically ends up being a series of systems, and it needs to be simplified and modernized. As we do that, we'll find our way towards more speed, more innovation and more productivity.  And Suresh Kumar, who I briefly introduced earlier, joined us in July, came from Google. He's a type of leader who can lead that type of investment and lead it well. And we're really excited to have you. Suresh, if you would start off kind of with -- kind of a big picture question, and let's talk a little bit about what it means to modernize the technology that we have at Walmart today. 
Doug McMillon: I'm excited about the plan, and I'm excited about doing it faster. Let's go deeper into the architecture and talk a bit more about what a hybrid cloud actually means, what it means at Walmart. 
Doug McMillon: Got it. Suresh, really excited about your leadership. Glad you're here at Walmart. We're not going to wait to keep driving innovation until all of this work is done. These things will be happening in parallel, and we're going to give you some more examples of what's already underway. Suresh, thanks for coming out. 
Doug McMillon: I now want to ask Dacona Smith and Jamie Iannone to come up for a few minutes. Welcome, Dacona. Jamie, we'll start with you. 
Doug McMillon: And before that was with Barnes & Noble leading digital products and then at eBay for 7 years leading search and some other areas there before making his way to join us, which we're really glad that you did. Lots of cool stuff happening at Sam's. I mean for us to be able to stand up today and say that Sam's Club has become a tech incubator is really cool. 
Doug McMillon: Yes. So thank you for your leadership as it relates to making that happen. Kath talked about Scan & Go. Let's lean into kind of the product itself, what the future looks like for it first, if you would. 
Doug McMillon: Haven't come that far. So you leave Walmart, you go to Sam's Club. And you spend about a year over there, and you see how the team is working as it relates to products like this. And now you move back over to Walmart U.S. to run all of operations. Congratulations. 
Doug McMillon: Just one of the ways we'll solve last mile as we're working on autonomous vehicles, we're working with partners. In the case of InHome, we wanted to be our own associates. There's a menu of ways for us to solve last mile for customers, and we're working on that. Thank you both very much. 
Doug McMillon: I appreciate you coming up. I'll invite a couple of more folks to come up. Karthik Raghupathy leads Strategic Development and Business Development for PhonePe, Karthik, and Kathleen McLaughlin is our Chief Sustainability Officer.  Karthik, I'll start with you. We've covered PhonePe to some extent, but you've been there from the beginning, and you understand this better than anybody else. In your own words, how would you describe PhonePe to this group? Karthik Raghupathy;VP of Strategy and Business Development for PhonePe: Sure. So Doug, we are a technology company, and we're on a mission to unlock the flow of money and access to services. So in Hindi, PhonePe quite literally means on the phone, and we use the English connotation of the word pe to create that connection with everything to do with money on the phone. 
Doug McMillon: Got it. So there's a use case that starts with payment in India, and then it expands from there. And now we've all seen what happened with WeChat and how Tencent led that. These use cases, as they grow, do they result in what some people call a super app? Karthik Raghupathy;VP of Strategy and Business Development for PhonePe: Yes, let me start answering that question with a short video. 
Doug McMillon: Okay. Anticipated that one.  [Presentation] Karthik Raghupathy;VP of Strategy and Business Development for PhonePe: So the short answer to your question, Doug, is, yes, but in a much more broad and powerful sense than the traditional notion of a super app. So at PhonePe, we are driven by technology to offer everyone an equal opportunity to access money and services. And specifically, we think this manifests in 3 dimensions of what we would call a super app: consumers, merchants and banks.  So firstly, on the consumer side, we believe in enabling equal access, regardless of location or socioeconomic status. And we take great pride in the fact that more than 65% of our nearly 200 million users are from small towns and villages all over India. I think this is a testament to the power of technology to really democratize access.  So secondly, on the merchant side, we work with about 10 million merchants, the majority of whom are small and medium enterprises. And we're actively working on driving their growth by connecting them to our consumer network. So for example, as Judith mentioned earlier, we recently launched the PhonePe ATM, which is a revolutionary first in market innovation that has totally transformed the ATM landscape in India. It simultaneously solves for a consumer pain point to have access to ATMs while also driving more footfall to our merchant partners and thereby drive their growth.  And then thirdly, on the banking side, when you connect consumers and merchants together, money lies at the heart of this intersection, and all our use cases are aimed at unlocking the flow of money. So PhonePe's users can use us to transfer money to each other, to pay their bills, to spend money both at online and off-line merchants and manage and grow their money using financial products like gold, insurance and mutual funds. So yes, we are a super app. 
Doug McMillon: Got it. So some people might be a little confused about the ATM reference. Actually, what's happening is India's generation is skipping ATMS. Karthik Raghupathy;VP of Strategy and Business Development for PhonePe: That's right. 
Doug McMillon: It's digital money dispersed frequently at kiranas. Karthik Raghupathy;VP of Strategy and Business Development for PhonePe: That's right. 
Doug McMillon: That's another example of how innovation is occurring in India and innovations occurring within Walmart. We're really excited about PhonePe. That's why we've talked about it so much today, but we're just as excited about Flipkart and Myntra. And the way this -- as I've mentioned to you in our last meeting, the way these pieces fit together to create a mutually reinforcing ecosystem is super interesting to us. Business models are changing. The retail business model has changed and is changing, and we're learning a lot due from what's happening in India and applying that across the company in an increasing way. And really appreciate you and the team. Please thank everybody for us.  It might surprise you to know that in my job, sometimes things get announced at Walmart that I've never heard of until I've read about them in the news. But I know that's not supposed to be the case. I'm supposed to hear about everything internally. But actually, today, there is so much happening across the company that it's true that we're solving problems and innovating in ways that I haven't heard about sometimes until I read about it. And I actually love that.  Now I try to be careful not to ask too many questions when that's the case because it will slow people down, and they'll want to clear everything with leadership, and we don't want them to do that. We have common values. We have a culture. You know what problems you need to go solve and go solve the problems. That's an important ingredient as it relates to speed.  So when we were talking about telling you some innovation stories and tech stories, it was exciting for me to hear Kathleen McLaughlin, her story and what her team has been doing, to take technology and put it to work to tackle some of the biggest problems we face as humans.  Kathleen is a global shaper as it relates to thought leadership and policy, and we're really thankful that she's part of Walmart helping us all become Chief Sustainability Officers. And if you would, Kathleen, tell them about how we're deploying tech to help with things like climate change. 
Doug McMillon: I mentioned earlier this idea of business serving multi-stakeholders. I think you gave us several good examples of how reaching out to suppliers or thinking about the planet or communities is actually really good business because eliminating waste helps us fulfill our purpose of saving people money so they can live better. And sometimes that waste takes the form of carbon. Sometimes it's plastics. And we're trying to work across the whole system, be systems thinkers and drive an overall optimization of our business model, not a suboptimization. And I hope through these examples, you can see that culturally, we've -- we're there, our mindset's there, and we're doing good work, and we know that we can do more. And Kathleen, appreciate your leadership in making that happen. 
Doug McMillon: Thank you very much. Karthik, thank you. Karthik Raghupathy;VP of Strategy and Business Development for PhonePe: Thank you, Doug. 
Doug McMillon: We're going to pivot now to the Q&A portion, and I'm going to invite the team to come up and join me up here. And Dan will help facilitate, and we'll open it up for any question on any subject that you all want to ask. And Paul's hand went up first. 
Doug McMillon: We probably all want to weigh in on that one. John, why don't you go first? Marc, you go -- and then I'll -- others can jump in. 
Doug McMillon: In the late '90s, I was the General Merchandise Manager for electronics, books, sporting goods, stationery and some other categories and could see what was happening with eCommerce, with e-Toys, and Amazon starting to sell books and those kinds of changes. And going way back then, we were even thinking about spinning out Walmart.com and having it be a separate entity separate from Walmart to create speed and the investment. From the late '90s all the way through until kind of these last few years, I've seen the fits and starts with Walmart, trying to get really committed to eCommerce and make it happen. And we'd love to do some of that over again if we could do it over again and kept some separation between stores and eCommerce because I had seen a large profitable established business in large and small ways diminish the emerging investment business, if I could call it that. And Clay Christensen's book, The Innovator's Dilemma, influenced me a lot. And having had conversations with him and read the book and studied it, I concluded we got to keep this separate for a little while. But the issue is the customer keeps pulling it together. They want one experience for the brand. And so what we've got to have is we got to have a leadership team that gets omni and believes in omni and supports the whole thing. People that work in eCommerce that want to help stores. People that work in stores that want to help eCommerce. And over time, this ends up being one business and one thing.  So Marc mentioned the customer org and the supply chain org. There'll be other changes that come along, but we've got to set ourselves up so that the whole thing can innovate and move with speed in an omni fashion. And I really do appreciate how everybody has worked together these last few years, but there's a whole other gear to get to, to make this happen in a faster way. And I think it's time to really this next year and maybe a little bit beyond kind of finish that off and have one omni org still with a great diverse team, thinking about how we solve these problems. But in the end, one customer proposition that's seamless. And you asked about what does that unlock looking ahead, and just think about how easy we can make it to do merchandise returns when somebody wants to do a merchandise return. Now think about how we can connect that payment. Think about how we can use data when we have one version of the customer. We know who they are, and we know what they've consumed across the channels. There are lots of little unlocks that'll occur as we get even better at that. And I'm really excited about it. 
Doug McMillon: And we may have failed to communicate clearly at times, including me, about the 1 million or 2 million being first party versus everything. I mean, we never thought 1P plus 3P was 1 million or 2 SKUs. We were focused on 1P as we were answering those questions. So it'll be a much bigger assortment when you put 3P with it. 
Doug McMillon: There's a reason we only give annual guidance. It is a fluid environment, and we're making decisions all the time. And when I look ahead and think about what more we would want to do, it'd be things that would help us secure the future of the company. So if we see a window to play offense on something, and we think speed is really important, we'd be more aggressive in that way. We would like to pay our people more, and we have been and will continue to be focused on people. That'll be important. But we have put a lot of this on the board. Now we've got a lot to work with, a lot of variables to make decisions around. And so I think we described it earlier in today or -- and just now sufficiently. 
Doug McMillon: As it relates to like card discount, we don't underestimate them or anybody. Our opening price points are going to have the right spec and the right size and priced competitively. And then we have this whole other assortment that we can work with to make sure that we deliver profitability for the business. 
Doug McMillon: And we didn't take it to every store in Kansas City or in Pittsburgh. It's a small number of stores. So it's a pretty small sample size right now. 
Doug McMillon: One of the things that I learned when I went to visit the Kansas City test a few weeks ago is that our own associates are using the service. It's $20 a month. And while our sample size is small, our associates make up a small percentage of that small pool, but a bunch of them are delivering into each other's homes and love it. So all kinds of people are going to use this service. It's been fun to watch them deal with each other's dogs and things like that. 
Doug McMillon: I think the speed of automation is important. It's also important to get the right kind of automation. And when you think about the stores, as we've done with AlphaBot, having the same inbound freight in some of the last mile being shared with this automation on the side of the box instead of some huge center that does grocery automation, that's an interesting choice that time will tell which one was the right one. 
Doug McMillon: And I think it's more organic than through acquisitions. There may be periodic acquisitions, obviously, can't rule that out, but the opportunity to build digital products, which is part of the point of the panel, you've now got a situation where across the company, we're learning how to build experiences that you can monetize and tack on to the core business. I think I said something earlier about we're attaching digital products and businesses to the people and physical core businesses that we built over time. That's a big opportunity. And it can relate and will relate to financial services. We have a financial services business now in the U.S. Obviously, we've talked a lot about phone pay today. There's an opportunity in Mexico. That exists across the company in all these different markets.  In the U.S., you can weave in with payment more successfully than we have so far, other use cases that help drive a financial services wheel. Then there's health care services. Advertising has grown faster than sales. We want to be thoughtful about how we grow that advertising business and not have it pollute the customer experience, either online or in store. So there's kind of a management governor on how big and how fast we want to make that, but it will grow faster than sales. We've got a great opportunity to do that.  Are there others? Yes, there are. We are choosing not to make a big investment in digital entertainment. There's plenty of money being used by others to do that. We can use ours to do something else. And so there will be an opportunity for us to have partnerships in the digital entertainment space. And as we've described to you before, we do think about what's strategic and core that would cause us to lean towards can we build it. As it relates to acquisitions, can they bring speed and expertise that would be better than building? And then with what's left, how do you partner to create open systems where people win-win? We have a history of enabling people to win by doing business with Walmart. We think that, that can be done in the future with all kinds of people beyond just product suppliers. 
Doug McMillon: Expect to make a lot of progress in picking GM in-store during the course of the year. So just to repeat something that John said, you can, today, go out on the grocery app, the orange app, and you could buy back-to-school. And moms love it. So they just take their list from the school, and it populates. That's a great example of the fact that we can already do it and how much they want it. But we do have to stitch these 2 together as soon as we can and obviously do that well. 
Doug McMillon: Before I get corrected, I think I said moms can use it. Dads can use it, too. I just said moms because it's been moms that have liked hugged my neck. Literally, when I go to a store, I almost always go out to the pickup area. And for 2 years in a row, when I've gone out to that spot, I've seen moms that have a grocery order with their back-to-school list, and they say things like, I don't have to throw elbows with the other parents to get my school supplies. Do you know how great this is? And one of them literally hugged me. So moms and dads would both love it, I'm sure. 
Doug McMillon: Back to the bigger picture of trust and privacy, we feel like we've earned a certain amount of trust from customers over time, and we just want to build that. We certainly don't want to lose it. And Rachel, if you wouldn't mind, grab a microphone. Rachel Brand leads our governance area, compliance, ethics, legal. And Rachel, you recently created a new position within the company to help us think through all these issues. Rachel, Dan Bartlett, myself, we spend a lot of time thinking about how we set the company up to not only have an effective business model but manage privacy in a way that it accrues trust to the company even more so, especially if we want to do things like be in the customers' home, servicing them with groceries, they have to trust us. And they have to trust how we're handling their data. 
Doug McMillon: I think in today's world and tomorrow's, we have to personalize for customers. And Walmart's got to create one view of the customer and then put it to work. One of the key questions will be for which use cases? And we really believe in everyday low price for Walmart supercenters. The benefits of flowing inventory in an EDLP business model are significant. So what we wouldn't want to do is start down the path of an old-school loyalty program and high-low that creates all this disruption in the supply chain. But there are plenty of use cases. You bought that tie, you'll like this one. Or you bought this Nike top or -- we don't carry Nike yet in the Walmart stores. I hope they're listening. Maybe -- you bought this, so you want that. You brought up -- you bought a printer so you need ink or things that you're buying -- many use cases that we can do using data that will help us earn more trust, drive the loop. And we'll do those things, and we'll do it as quickly as we can do it. But we need to be really careful which use cases we adopt within the Walmart brand. 
Doug McMillon: Yes. I just -- we'll close by saying thank you. And Brett may want to say a word, too. We appreciate the relationship that we have with the investment community. We're trying to do the best job we can for you of laying out what our opportunities are. We've got a really strong team, not just the people that are represented in this room, but 2 million plus that are working to make these things happen. And as we walk out of this room today, we know yesterday's yesterday, we're focused on driving speed, innovation and execution so that we can continue to have strong results. We appreciate the engagement that we have with you. 
Brett Biggs: And Simeon, as I went through the presentation this morning, the thing that's so great about this business, we have so many different pieces of the business and so many different levers to pull. And as we make these decisions, it just gives us a chance to prioritize in a way that's just always in line with the customer and still get profitability where we need it to be over a longer period of time. 
Brett Biggs: Yes, if you'll wait just a little bit longer, Suresh is going to come up later and talk a little bit about it. But there's a number of things, Bob, in that some of it's back end. Those would be things that you would have never seen. We've talked about before, as a company, you're always going to have some tech debt, and we want to accelerate some progress around that. Several initiatives underway in -- with things that help our associates be more efficient. John will talk a little bit about that later on.  And then what's the customer going to look like in the future? How do they want to shop in the future? And Suresh and his team, along with Marc and others, are really focused on that. And again, we will talk about that a little bit more later. I don't what to steal their thunder. 
Brett Biggs: And Kate, I mentioned about contribution margin increasing in eCommerce. Some of that is because of increased apparel sales, and we're doing better at apparel online. 
Brett Biggs: Yes, I think the way we've guided, you can see that we expect operating margins to be fairly flat with what we've had here. And so when you look at the expense leverage of around 20, that's a pretty good algorithm. 
Brett Biggs: Yes, it's a little bit of both. So we'll continue to invest in price globally. We've made -- and John, again, will talk about this a little more in the U.S. We've invested quite a bit in food and consumables. You'll see a little more price investment coming in general merchandise over time. And then globally, we're making price investments as well. I think I like how we're doing. I think we're smart about, we're strategic about it. So I feel good about the pace of price investments. But there is a mix shift. As eCommerce becomes bigger, you do see some mix shift, and you saw it some in the fourth quarter. 
Brett Biggs: Let me start with Chile. So what we've assumed for Chile has clearly had a big impact to the business last year. And certainly, our associates and our customers have gone through a lot in that market. We're assuming in our guidance that the market remains relatively stable. We don't expect the business to come back in full because of the unrest and the damage that we had. But we assume basically how we came out of the year is how we're going to go into next year. 
Brett Biggs: Yes. So we put a lot of thought into it, as you can imagine. And it's really the result of a lot of work that goes on with this team over here and how we think about trade-offs around the company. When you look at -- we talked about sales through Cyber Monday were good. Sales in January were good. We started off the year well. The food business around the world continues to be strong. Traffic was up nearly 1% in the U.S. So the underlying part of the business is in good shape. And I think that gave us confidence to give what I think is really the guidance for next year.  There's a lot of pieces to the guidance, there are a lot of things that go into that. And will the year end up, will every piece work exactly like we think it will? We know it won't. But within all those moving pieces, we felt good about the guidance that we're giving. 
Brett Biggs: On the eCommerce losses, we're giving this guidance for this year. But we're encouraged, as I said, by what we're seeing in variable fulfillment costs. We're encouraged by what we're seeing in contribution margin as we see the mix change a little bit in that business. We're going to continue to invest in eCommerce. And again, it's up to us as a management team to make sure all the pieces fit together in a way that makes sense for investors. 
Brett Biggs: And you've heard me say this before, I'll say it again, which is it gets more and more challenging to try to break these businesses apart and report it that way. I mean, the business is just becoming more and more omni as the customer becomes more and more omni. 
Brett Biggs: We're trying to make guidance as simple as we could. And so we got in discussions about do we include this? Do we not include that? And so where we had a little more visibility was on the store side. Sales, I'm pleased that we can keep stores open to the extent that we have and be able to serve those citizens, those customers. Sales have been okay in the market, and this really is so far a mix issue. And it's an expense issue as we look at just how to deal with associates and wages and other things. We've got to make sure that we're taking care of people, and so it's led to increased expenses. So I wanted to give you the visibility we had right now, but keeping it out of guidance, we felt was cleaner. 
Brett Biggs: Yes, sometimes on -- any time we have variability for -- in eCommerce or anything we have, it can be something that happened this year. More times than not, where we had, it can be weather, it can be a week or 2 that were better than some. And so it just creates this little bit of timing difference. And it doesn't take much of a change to move something from 25% to 30%. So we want to give you as much guidance as we can along that, but it just doesn't take much impact to make a change. So it's not as variable as it seems when you just look at it mid-20s to mid-30s. 
Brett Biggs: Yes, there's a lot of things in that U.S. segment P&L. It's a really big business. And so as you look -- one of the things that's really important and underlies a lot of how we get that profit growth is what we've done on expenses. The business has been very disciplined about how they think about expenses but doing it in a way that's sustainable and doing it in a way that helps customers and associates. So that's different than how we would have managed expenses, I think, in the past.  Price goes into that, certainly, from a gross margin perspective. Transportation goes into that. Having eCommerce losses that are flat to potentially a little bit lower helps as we think about profitability growth in the U.S. business. But it's really the combination of a lot of different things inside that business that allows us to grow profit at those levels. But if you get a 2.5% comp in Walmart U.S. on that scale, the amount of leverage you can get from that business is pretty amazing. 
Brett Biggs: Maybe, Michael, I'll kick off. So if you look at the -- kind of the profitability of what you saw last year and particularly the U.S. business, and you see the guidance we've given this year, pretty similar. And so I think we feel good about this. John can tag on a little bit. We feel good about that kind of algorithm, so to speak, for the Walmart U.S. business. We're always going to invest in the business first. And if we see opportunities for things that we think give us a long-term benefit, I think Doug said it this morning, but it might have some short-term pressure. We're going to be upfront with you about that. What we're saying today with the guidance is we think we've invested in the things that we feel like we should to make sure we're there for the customer now and in the future. But the customer is going to continue to change. Competition will continue to change, and we've got to make sure that we have the ability to evolve with that. 
Brett Biggs: Well, we want gross margins to be stable or up because we want to drive the productivity loop. We just have to get the SG&A savings to be at a faster rate than the gross margin investments that we make, Kate. So I don't think there is necessarily a place where we rest on gross margin. I think we're constantly going to be trying to find a way to give a better value to customers. 
Brett Biggs: Just keep in mind, the marginal cost to deliver a GM item out of a store when it's already going with the grocery is very small. So that's a big opportunity as we expand assortment to sort of leverage the basket. Pharmacy is another good example of being able to get that in the basket to increase size. But ultimately, I think the real opportunity to drive mix is really in that long tail, and we're doing that in home and fashion and marketplace. I think that's the really big opportunity. 
Brett Biggs: It's both of those things. Over the last 3 to 4 years, as we've expanded, we've seen more frequent usage, and we've seen new customers come in to pick up either from somewhere outside of the environment or from inside of the environment. So it's just a mix of all those and really happy with the growth rates we've seen over the last few years. 
Brett Biggs: Well, we've got a number of things that we've been working on. First, the time slot issue that Suresh talked about earlier, helping customers find a slot that is meaningful -- that works for their schedule and ours as well. So we're trying to do a nice job of spreading out the picking in stores. And then we've got a number of stores and markets. So if you were thinking about a market like Chicago or Dallas where we've got multiple stores in an area, we're also testing ways to pick in stores while they're closed and then move the inventory, either through a van that's driven by a person or automated van or autonomous vehicle so that we can move from place to place. So we're looking at all the ways we can to try to spread the volume out. 
Brett Biggs: Yes. Not that I need to encourage this probably, but keep giving us feedback on how we communicate, what we're communicating, how often we're communicating. It helps us get better as we think about these events and other things we do in the future. But I really appreciate all the feedback you give us. Thank you. 
Suresh Kumar: Absolutely. So a few pieces, having the right talent, creating the right structures and then creating the right architecture that will allow us to incorporate new technologies within this vision, voice. These are the things that will allow us to develop innovative solutions on behalf of our customers or for our associates.  Now we have great engineers. We have great data scientists and our technologists. We are creating structures to make them even more effective so that they can drive leverage and reuse. We are creating deeper expertise in areas like machine learning and the cloud. And in terms of architecture, the cloud is in the center of everything that we are doing. But we are not just taking at all legacy complex applications and simply just moving them to the cloud, we are rebuilding them so that they can take advantage of what the cloud really has to offer. So for example in the store associates, while building applications to be cloud native, we can incorporate things like wise assistants into them, and this is something that the legacy architecture would never allow us to be able to do. And so these are some of the ways in which we can go faster and be a lot more innovative. 
Suresh Kumar: Absolutely. So we have built out a large and sophisticated cloud on which we are building all the modern stack and the modern applications. So we have got a private cloud that we have installed inside our data centers. We are partnering with public cloud providers, and we are building out edge computing in our stores. So this combination is a hybrid cloud architecture that is uniquely suited for what we want.  So we can take workloads, and we can move them seamlessly from the private cloud to public cloud to make use of the flex capacity when we need it. This is something that we did very effectively last holiday season. We can make use of the specialized compute capabilities that the public cloud offers so that we can run our complex workloads over this training machine, learning models, big data. These things run very effectively on the public cloud. And then finally, we can take our applications and use the edge that we are building out to move them closer to where our associates and our customers are inside the store, so that we can improve the customer experience. So it is these 3 pieces that are coming together that form the underpinning of the modern stack that we are building out. 
Suresh Kumar: Absolutely. So we are already incorporating a lot of the many emerging technologies and new technologies, whether it is IoT, Internet of Things, blockchain, voice, vision, robotics and so on. But the one technology that I'm particularly excited about because it has relevance in pretty much every single thing that we do, and that's machine learning or ML.  So with ML, we can improve our customer experience, we can make our associates' lives a lot easier, and we can reduce costs by driving more efficiency. So let me give you one example. This is a project that we call Smart Substitutions. So imagine that you are an associate, and you're picking items on behalf of our customers inside the store. And as you are picking items, you'll find that one of the items that the customer wants just went out of stock. That happens occasionally. So at this time, you want to go find an alternate product, a substitute, if you would, to offer to our customers so that they don't get disappointed. This used to be very error-prone, manual, it was a very difficult task. In fact, our associates used to have a piece of printed paper with a bunch of rules written on them so that they could go find out what are the best substitute for that particular product.  Well, this is where we leverage ML to come and help. We trained the model. That extracted information from -- about the products that we sell, input relationships between them, combine that with customer preferences. Now the result is that we automatically figure out the best substitute, and we direct our associates to go pick that. Associates are very happy. They don't need to stop what they're doing and go on trying to hunt for the product. But equally important, our customers are very happy because the product that the machine learning algorithm picks up is unique, personalized for what the customer wants in that particular instance. And so this is the power of ML that we want to leverage everywhere in what we do. 
Suresh Kumar: Absolutely. So Walmart is unique. Like you said, we have over 216 million people walking into our stores every week around the world. That gives us a huge set of information from which we can draw insights to help serve our customers even better. And that's something that we want to do, that we are committed to doing. But we want to do that in a way that is extremely mindful of the trust that they place in us.  I talked about personalization. I talked about machine learning. Let me give you another example, which is online grocery pickup. This is something that our customers love to -- love as a feature because they can book a slot, drive up, and we have the product loaded into their vehicle. But nobody wants to wait for too long. They don't want to wait for the slot, and they don't want to wait inside their cars. So this is where data helps, right? So we looked at the data around how the slots are getting booked. And we started predicting which slots are going to get filled up soon, put that in front of the customer so that they could select which slots that would work best for them. Similarly, we started looking at not just customer information, but we also started getting data around how our stores are actually functioning, what the parking lot looks like. And we combine that with information and data surrounding the stores, traffic patterns, construction and so on. The result is that we can predict very, very accurately when a particular customer is actually going to show up for their pickup order, meaning that now we can serve them just in time.  Times go down, customers are happy, but it also ends up creating a flywheel effect, where the better we serve our customers, the more deeply engaged they are with us, and that gives us more opportunities to serve them even better. 
Suresh Kumar: Yes. So like you said, the main thing about that - I'm miked up but I'm not -- the mic is not turned on. So in addition to what John was saying, one of the things that we are trying to do with ML is actually make use of the data that we have already -- that we are collecting, right? So there is a bunch of data where we can bring it together in such a way that we can train models on it. And one of the things that we are really excited about is that areas where we can draw inferences about customer behavior in such a way that we can actually help the customer experience are the areas where we believe that there is greatest potential, okay? Whether it is -- I mean, I talked about substitutions. That's one example. But there are many areas where we can take the information that we have about our customer, train models on it so that we can go back and improve the customer experience. And that sets up the positive flywheel that I was talking about.  Supply chain is just one area. But there are many, many of these customer experiences where ML is actually going to continue to enhance the customer experience. 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Scan & Go really started from 2 associates, entrepreneurs really, who said, "What if we could take one of the pain points or friction points in shopping, the checkout lines, and avoid it all together by giving people the point of sale right on the mobile phone they're already carrying?" So they worked on this in late 2016, launched it, and members fell in love with the product. Instantly a hit, very highly rated, high repeat rate, so we rolled it out to the whole fleet pretty quickly. And since then, nothing but really good feedback from our members about using Scan & Go.  We want to continue to innovate and push the envelope. So one of our big requests was, we'd like to be able to purchase adult beverages with Scan & Go as well. So we added that over the course of this year. 
Jamie Iannone: All the time. Sundays before football. So that's been a big success. And then they also wanted to integrate it into the core experience. So we integrated it into one app, the Sam's Club app. If you went to the iOS store today, it's 4.9 stars. Members just have the best things to say about it. So they continue to push the envelope on innovation.  What they're working on now is how do we eliminate the need to even scan the actual barcode. So we've talked about Sam's Club Now, which is our Tech Innovation Club in Dallas. And there, we're doing a test where you just point the camera at the item, and it recognize it. So you just hold it over the avocados, and it says... 
Jamie Iannone: No. And it says, "Would you like to add the avocados?" They go right to the bag. And people look at that and they think, wow, that's like magic. That's really cool. And that's what our product and tech teams kind of live for, is for a customer to say, "Wow, that was like magic." That's a home run. 
Jamie Iannone: Yes, it was interesting. Dacona and John always talked about how do we make sure that our associates can be on the floor, helping our members all the time. We never want them to have to go get data in the backroom, et cetera. And how do we make it really easy? So if you come to work at Sam's Club, it's very intuitive how to work there. So we thought, well, if we could just take a voice assistant and have you talked to the phone and let it answer common questions like, how do I cut a ribeye steak or how many Plus Members have we signed up today, that would make it really easy. So that's what we did. Take a look at this video of our associates using Ask Sam's.  [Presentation] 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So we're excited about this. We often talk about small empowered teams, so engineers, product managers and designers designing a great product. This was 11 engineers over 5 months that built this product. And what's great is it's a self-learning product. So we tell our associates, the more questions you ask it, the smarter it's going to get. So they started asking it questions like, can you print the sign for broccoli? And it didn't have that capability yet, but it quickly learned how to do it, and we included it. And now they're using it for things like printing signs when they're out there on the floor. So it's really... 
John Furner: Yes. Paul, thanks for the question. First, I think it's important that between Marc and I, there's a lot of collaboration. We spend a lot of time working together, thinking about how we serve customers, whether it's in-store or pickup, channels. And really, the lines are pretty blurry between e-commerce stores and how we think about omni. And what I'm most excited about and energized by is, is thinking about putting the customer at the center and then building everything in our ecosystem around the needs of the customer. And then between all of our businesses and the tools that we've got available, being able to serve the customer any way they want to be served, whether it's at home, direct to home, the refrigerator, other services like health and wellness. So thinking about it, for us, as we look forward, it's all about the customer, finding ways that we can create new ways for growth, and then layer on top of it innovation that works across all the channels. But I'm really excited about the work we've been doing. 
John Furner: I think the first one that I would speak about is -- are the initiatives in health care, and it really all goes back to what customers need and our ability to serve customers in, call it, 5,000 communities all around for just a second gives us an interesting ability to be able to help a lot of customers with the things that they need. Another area when they're in the store, and they need to -- or on the website, and they want to finance an item they're buying, we can help with that, whether it's us or a partner or some combination thereof. But there are a number of ways that customers need to be able to close all their transactions, and I'm excited about both those opportunities.  As Doug said, we've got a big base. We've got a lot of data. There are things we can do to make people's lives easier on their behalf, and Walmart is well suited to do that. 
John Furner: Yes. Traditionally, the way that the merchants would think about apparel is, and I mentioned this earlier, is, call it, the fashion pyramid. We've got basics, fashion basics, and then you got fashion at the top of it. And in store assortment, in the last year or so, has been focused at the lower end of that even at points where we need to expand up. But having an aligned team between the [ Nice and the Vienna and Bentonville ], working together, we can use the website for different things that we can use the stores for, and they'll complement each other. And I think it's important to just think of that thread that goes from the fashion business into the basics, and then there are different items that we can share across and others that you may be able to do online that we don't do in the store down the line. 
John Furner: I think both home and apparel are examples of the 2 teams working closely together, and then they can extend assortments in ways that they couldn't on their own. And we're talking about apparel. But home, in particular, has had a lot of success early. And Anthony and Jeff, the 2 people that lead the business, have done a really nice job pairing up what's in the stores, the core and then they complement it on the site with the long tail, and customers are responding really well. 
John Furner: Yes, I think the sales number, as Brett said earlier, that's about $9 billion of growth, which is a great number for the total business. And inside the box and online, we'll always be watching what competitors do. And I wouldn't underestimate any competitor any time. We're constantly scanning and looking and making sure that whatever we've got out to offer is what a customer wants and it makes sense in terms of value. So we'll always be looking, and we'll decide as we go. 
John Furner: Let me take the first part. We showed in the presentation earlier this idea of something called AlphaBot. That's one experiment that we're learning from in Salem, New Hampshire. And as I said, we're expanding it in a couple of more stores this year. That and similar technologies can work in distribution centers as well. So we're internally rethinking the way that we would define the supply chain. Historically, we might have thought about supply chain as the part of the business that brings something from a supplier to the back of the store. But with all the things we're doing today, including Walmart and home, the supply chain goes from point of supply all the way to the refrigerator. So every one of those pieces have to be put together and optimized the right way. And there are several different types of technology that we'll be testing, experimenting what -- to find the best way to do that. We've got some -- a market where we're running automated vehicles, for example. And then we've got, as we said, Spark. Spark is, well, our first multi-tenant platform that we built inside the company. We're tenant #1. Sam's Club will be tenant #2, and that's a platform that can be expanded. So just think of it from the point of -- that something has grown, manufactured, packaged all the way to the customer's home is the way we'll optimize this whole entire supply chain. 
John Furner: Yes. Let me start with the first question, customers and demographics, and as far as a specific example to me, and I want to talk about grocery pickup. We've had a large successful grocery business for some time. And for the last few years, quality's improved, the assortment range has improved, and you've seen the business accelerate, and share go up. And when you can get into the baskets of what's being shopped in grocery pickup, we see more choice beef. We see prime beef. We see wagyu beef show up as a higher percentage. Organics and produce and grocery show up. So it appears at least part of this growth is coming from other channels in places because we've been able to marry the assortment with a service that appears -- that aligns well with someone who's time starved and has higher income levels.  So inside the pickup business, really encouraging to see what's happened. And I think those quality levels then enable us to be able to appeal to that consumer across other channels like the work that Marc and the team are doing online, but some really great examples inside there item by item. 
John Furner: Yes. Okay. Optical is an important part of it. We've got a good optical business. We've got a remodel program that's very encouraging. Optical remodernized the shop and things inside it. And we've got equipment where we're learning about checking your vision from remote locations and using technology to streamline the consumer experience. But both businesses are quite encouraging. We know there's a big demand for it. 
John Furner: Yes. Let me talk about the shopping experience first. First, the grocery pickup business that we built is a great offer for customers. It's got a really clear way for customers to shop in food and consumables. It offers a little bit of general merchandise, and the operation has done a great job of growing, not only with new stores, but the comps have been encouraging for the stores that have been opened for more than a year and some over 2 years.  And then on the other side, we've got an application that's -- we call the blue app, and it has general merchandise in it and mostly comes from the site or from the marketplace. But inside that are embedded some really great applications for in-store tools, things like maps, lists. And customers use those and they like those tools a lot. So what's going to happen over the course of the year, we've already got about half of our users in an environment where they've got both apps in one place, and then we'll be building out an experience where you'll have search that helps you look across the portfolio, a basket where you can ring up multiple things. And then we've got to simplify, Karen, the experience when you go to the store to pick up or when you have something delivered to home. It's just hard for a customer right now that -- at times you have to flip back and forth between the app and then you have to navigate different fulfillment options. So we want to bring that all together and make it more seamless.  On InHome, the retention rates are high. We haven't disclosed how many customers that are using at this time. It's only in 3 markets, but we're very encouraged by what we're learning. The NPS scores are high. The customer satisfaction that come along with that and the comments, feedback are outstanding. And it's just one more way that a customer can decide to have Walmart as a brand take friction out of their lives. And whatever is on your shopping list, it'd be great -- the most important thing is they come home and those are in their refrigerator and constantly stocked. So we're encouraged by what we're learning so far. 
John Furner: Not yet. I don't think we've -- I don't think it's big enough that we would be able to tell you any of the -- their insights as far as demographics, but just generally speaking, it's pretty encouraging to see the number of people who are loving the service. And with every delivery business, whether it's InHome or Spark delivery, one of the challenges that we'll work through over the next few months is getting density in an area because the more customers you can deliver to in a neighborhood or a suburb, then it brings the efficiency of the delivery process and the cost down per delivery. 
John Furner: Well, the simple one is you have to run a great operation. We're really proud of the progress that's been made in the stores. And Suresh talked about something earlier called the substitutability engine, which is great. But the best way to deal with substitutes is you should be in stock, the grocery areas, we got to stay in stock. And what's exciting about learning how to manage this pickup business in addition to the way we've managed stores over time is we've got an interesting inflow of information from customers telling us all the things they want to buy and how they want to buy them, which is going to lead us to a better way of designing modulars and assortments store by store. So I'm pretty excited about being able to put this customer lens into everything we do inside the store.  The second is we've got more stores to go. And I don't want to say that that's where all the growth is going to come from, but that'll help. The more markets that we can cover and get this service out. And then third, adding on the ability to be able to fulfill this in a number of ways that's seamless is probably the thing -- I've said this a couple of times and I'll just say it again, it's what I'm most excited about is bringing these 2 apps together and having a customer-centered view of how we think of all the things in their lives, whether it's a busy Saturday and they're trying to get refreshments for the soccer game or it's a birthday party or the weekly grocery shop or the new deli that we can have either one of our associates go into or a service pick up and run dinner home. We've got a really great portfolio there. We've just got to build it all out so that the customer thinks of us as default the way that Doug's mother thought about when she went shopping at Walmart. 
John Furner: Yes. I think the -- I talked about it earlier, the sustainable way to drive everyday low price is by bringing the cost down. And the best way to bring cost down is to sell more because cost is a denominator. And then if you can continue to chase SG&A down, line-by-line expense management, and I talked about a few of those earlier, we'd like margins to reflect the decrease in SG&A because we want to give customers a better value. 
John Furner: Well, we're still thinking through the entire supply chain from end-to-end. And so I don't think I'd be ready to say today the right way is on the supply chain, whether it's the fulfillment centers, distribution center stores or number of nodes, we've got to work through and make sure we're serving the customers the best way we can. And the stores, our stores people shop in, that also fulfill. So I don't want the message to be that we're thinking of the stores as fulfillment centers where you shop. They are stores that can fulfill. And what we've done in the business, I think, that's quite helpful is maximizing and optimizing the number of slots and then creating the minimum amount of disruption so that stores can be great supercenters with a great produce department, meat department, bakery and have a really high functioning general merchandise area all throughout the building, but we can still fulfill orders at a pretty high rate. 
John Furner: And Kath, we are pleased with the eCommerce fulfillment that's happening out of those clubs that we're using. 
John Furner: So we've got a percentage of the store now that's available for pickup in what we call the orange app, and priority one is to get the apps merged together so that we can start expanding assortments and we can do things like align our catalogs so that we know who our customer is and with knowing that the customers are shopping, that'll help us understanding intent. They can emerge -- align this with a catalog of products across the entire store and then beyond the store so that we can be more predictive and serve them in the way they want to be served. But we're working on it every day and being on it every week. 
John Furner: And I think that's an important point. I think what's interesting is there are customers who are only using one app or the other and unaware of the other one. So we merge them together. Seeing customers who are using blue get an orange and vice versa has been encouraging so far. 
John Furner: Yes. The way we're thinking about supply chain, and I'll talk to you about the stores first, is we've got a number of experiments going on in the supply chain. And one we're working through a product called Symbotic in Florida that helps us palletize items for neighborhood markets and for supercenters so that they can be delivered on pallets by aisle, and we're pretty excited about the results we've seen so far. But that helps the associates in the store. And as a result of helping the associate, it helps the customer because we're in stock. And as things come in from the back of the store onto the sales floor, it's much easier for the product we take in straight to the aisle and put on to the counter. So all these things we're doing, whether it's in the dry supply chain, the perishable supply chain, the meat plant or the dairy plant, we're thinking about the end user in mind, and it's not just a point of assembling something to pull cost out of a silo because we don't want to suboptimize. We want to optimize the entire network from top to bottom. 
John Furner: Well, we do a few things already, I think, that would help answer the question. As we said earlier, we've got the pickup business. We have general merchandise categories that are in that during seasonal times of the year, and we have the ability now in many stores to deliver from the store to the home. And then as we align these shopping experiences, then we'll be able to pick more and more of the supercenter and deliver it same day. So we believe that's an important piece of the solution and should have all the benefits you just talked about. But again, it's a part of the solution. I wouldn't want to say that delivering from store is the answer because it's a part of the answer. Part of the answer may be deliver from store and deliver from an FC, depending on the order or move all of it to the FC. So we're conscious, I think, through the timing of all these changes and steps that over time build out the ability to do all those things. 
John Furner: We do cap in quite a few stores. The demand is higher than what we will fulfill because we don't want to destroy the experience in the store, which brings you back to how fast can you automate, where to automate. 
John Furner: Yes. We'll end up doing a membership in larger numbers, and the fee itself may go down some over time as we figure out autonomous and how we pick. But our front foot will be on a membership fee. 
John Furner: Yes. Let me take the first question on pickup. And I believe the question was, when you look across the operation that we have, which is don't charge, and we're able to fulfill customers' basket today, what happens if others do it? I think then the most important thing that we would always focus on, and I think we'll be talking about this next year and years to come, is having the very best quality items and great values inside the store. If you get the assortment right and then the mechanism for delivery, it makes it much easier and much easier for us and the customer. But -- and the reason I think the growth is it's about the customer. People are busier than they've ever been. We're all trying to tackle lots of things, and this is a great service that fills in a big void.  On the second part of the question, like we said earlier, it's just early to tell. And we're first concerned about our supplier partners, our associates in the country, our sourcing associates, associates who work in Walmart China. So we're thinking about them first and foremost. And as we learn more about what's going on, we'll be able to tell more the impacts. I think some categories will be sooner than others, and it just depends on the lead time and how quickly the supply chains move in the categories. 
Marc Lore: Yes, I know. As John said, the lines are blurred. We think about the business as one U.S. business. And like John said, there's one customer at the center. We've been on a journey now the last couple of years. We brought in a Chief Customer Officer, Janey, and brought the customer org together. We recently brought together the supply chain under Greg Smith. So the orgs are starting to come together, and I think it's working well. Both the Chief Customer Officer and Greg went in supply chain has really helped us create a real 2 end-to-end omni experience. And I think merchandise is the next area that we're focused on and looking at right now, even still underneath the people running both areas of eCom and stores like the GMs of those businesses are working very closely together, more so than ever before, I think. 
Marc Lore: Yes. For example, Scoop is a great example and Sofia Vergara. Both those brands were online first and now in stores, and we see that trend continuing. There are opportunities for branded assortment that we create that's proprietary going across dot-com in stores. 
Marc Lore: Yes. So Walmart fulfillment services is a critical part of our strategy. You mentioned it, it's definitely brought in an assortment. So there are merchants on third-party that we want to have that simply don't have fulfillment capabilities, and so we're not able to get that assortment on the website. So that's really the first priority, is to really focus on those brands and getting assortment for customers. Also, just having the stuff in our warehouse allows us to offer a better customer experience. It allows us to co-mingle the product in the same box when we ship it out with first party, which helps the economics. So there's lots of reasons to like the business.  We're feeling good about the start. We've built the technology. We've got a handful of sellers using it. They like it. We're seeing good results. But it's something that we're going take slowly, make sure it's right before we really blow it out. 
Marc Lore: Yes. No, it was always point of the strategy. It's just a matter of getting to it. The top million SKUs is definitely an area of focus to get those in our warehouse because it does represent a large percentage of sales. But the goal is still to carry everything. So we definitely want to carry everything that a customer might want when they come to Walmart.com. 
Marc Lore: I was going to add one thing. Another way to think about how integrated the supply chain is starting to get. Imagine, we have regional distribution centers that supply stores in full truckload. Could you move product and full truckload from fulfillment center to RDC to the store and then ride the rails of last-mile delivery to someone's home where we're already delivering groceries and the GM package just rides? So there's just things like that, that we're thinking through right now. It's certainly a very sort of fluid process. 
Marc Lore: Yes. We've been pushing up AUR each year on dot-com as we start to break more premium brands, and we're definitely seeing new customers come in, especially with the proprietary brands with ELOQUII, Bonobos, all the brands that we've formed. Scoop is a great example. A lot of folks are new to Walmart and Walmart.com there. 
Marc Lore: It's also encouraging to see the percentage of customers that are new to Walmart as well. That's very exciting. 
Marc Lore: I'll just add on one app, and I think it is super important, as John mentioned. But as we start to bring these 2 together, we're not asking customers to have to download 2 apps. And so we could really start to leverage that relationship we've built on same-day delivery and Delivery Unlimited and pick up to then sell more long tail GM on Walmart.com. We've already now -- we got about 50% of the traffic on Walmart.com that's seen the grocery app. And we're seeing a nice lift from that. So hopefully, when we do it the other way around, we actually show blue app, the Walmart.com to grocery customers, we see a similar type of bump. So yes, it's a very important part of our strategy. 
Marc Lore: And increasingly happening with a membership fee that goes along with it. We didn't talk about Delivery Unlimited as much. That was not necessarily intentional. We have a membership program. We're starting to learn how to sell the membership, and it's something we can build on with same-day delivery from the supercenters, including GM. 
Marc Lore: Yes. That's right. That's right. So you've got options today where you can pay by the transaction. You can pay monthly or you can pay one fee for the year. And so we're just now in the beginning of learning which of those customers like the most. And it's only been a couple of months, but we'll learn. 
Kathryn McLay: On that, too, I think even across formats, as I'm thinking about my member base, what are the things that John is doing really well with Marc that we can then import across to Sam's. So if you think about even when you're doing with spot delivery, I mean, that is great as we're leading into ship from Club. So I think as you think about your format, what are those things that are working in other formats from an omni perspective that you can just steal and go fast with. 
Kathryn McLay: Yes. So that's going really well. So the move to a member whose income is about $100,000, a larger family. And what we're seeing is that's driving membership growth, and it's also driving traffic. 
Kathryn McLay: Yes. We are. So we've seen, over the last year, one, that helped us grow. So it gave us extra capacity, but it also helped us substantially reduce our shipment cost as well, our fulfillment cost side of it as well. The other part that I think is exciting is looking at ship from club, which gives you a whole another 600 stores, which you can use as points to leverage as well. And that -- if we look at club pick up, ship from club, direct-to-home and using these clubs that we've turned dark, it's really given us a great kind of network to go after the omni sale. 
Kathryn McLay: Okay. Yes. So I mean we still see there being growth. We're still saying that we are investing into meeting the member where they want us to from an omni perspective and also driving traffic. So -- I mean, it's down a little bit. But I'm not seeing it decelerating. 
Kathryn McLay: It is worth saying, John, I think that one of the things that we've learned over the last few years through our global sourcing that our merchants have got much closer to the detail of thinking about how the flow of projects come into our business. So they know exactly which orders are in which factories, when they're due to come in and what that looks like. And I think that attention to detail as we go through this, even though it's such a fluid situation, will help us understand better as things become clearer, exactly what the impacts for us would be in the future. 
Judith McKenna: And Mike, just to add on, having competed with hard discounters pretty much my whole retail life, one of the differences for the U.S. is that the price position is much stronger already, and it gives you the ability to compete on everything else. That's not necessarily true in every market around the world where the price gap is much wider. So you are already starting from a better position here than I think you would see in other markets. 
Judith McKenna: So for the regulatory environment in India, what I'd say is sometimes people forget, we've been operating in India for over 10 years. This is not something that we got used to 18 months ago when we made the investments. So we've had a strong cash and carry business there throughout that time.  I think actually, payment, eCommerce, legislation around the world is shifting and changing. Everybody, as these businesses grow, is learning different ways to think about how to look at them. And in an emerging market like India, with such a fast-growing part of the business, that's no different either.  We continue to work with the Flipkart and the PhonePe teams very closely. Their focus on the customer, ultimately, I think, is the right thing to do. Keep doing that. And then we work with the government from a perspective of having a seat at the table to talk about these things and to work our way through them. But it's something we knew that was there when we made the investment. And seeing the results we're seeing, not just for the business itself, but in the impact they're making on broader communities, creating jobs, really thinking about how they support small micro businesses, kirana shops as well, I think, is all part of that landscape. 
Judith McKenna: Just wanted to answer on the Flipkart piece of this. The way that I would think about this is we've been really clear. The dilution next year will be roughly in line with the same, as you've seen. And I think that's the guidance that we are giving.  What I'll tell you about the business is no different to the U.S. We're thinking about where we invest. We're thinking about where we grow. We're thinking about where we save. We think about new revenue streams. And the great thing about both Flipkart and PhonePe, they've both got lots of levers that they can pull and be really thoughtful about the ways that they do that. Both of them, for example, are thinking about ad tech revenue, and they've got this amazingly powerful data engine that sits behind that. And I'm really encouraged by some of the results that I'm seeing from it. 
Judith McKenna: Yes. So I think I've talked about the monetization path we're seeing in the Indian businesses. It's a really interesting one in terms of us learning skills in new areas, but also thinking about use cases that can create some profitability as well for those. The one that's interesting is actually, the question on Sam's Club and how do you think about that. And you may remember that we did a transaction last year with Brazil. And one of the things we're doing in Brazil is we're still supporting the Sam's Club. Although Advent is the owner of those, and they run those. And as part of that, we still provide some of our Members Mark products into that. We still talk about how the operation runs. We still provide some training expertise to it as well. So it's a really interesting one where we're learning how we could support that in a market where we already have a 20% stake within it. So no further plans other than to learn at the moment, but it's an interesting experience for us to make sure that we can operate something in a way that can be externalized. 
Judith McKenna: Sorry, John, I'm just going to add to that, which is, if you got -- we've got a business in the U.K., which is a home shopping business, which is online shopping, which is 15 years old. They've got some higher densities already, higher pick rates. They've been up there for a much longer period of time. And there is still -- they don't have a completely different layout in the stores, but the density of pick rates, in many cases, will be higher. So I think there is still a lot of learnings that we can do through that.  China, though, the other way, they're starting to lay out stores slightly differently so that they can respond much faster as the time to deliver is coming down rapidly. That we're trying to start some of the deliveries out in 40 minutes. So it evolves as well with the customer offer, and we've got this benefit seen around the world how different people are doing it, learning from how you drive density so you don't have to go to dark stores. But equally, if you do have to change their layouts a little, you can do that without disrupting the customer's experience. 
