Brett Biggs: Hey, Michael, it's Brett. I think as we -- the algorithm we talked about last year were a couple of things we mentioned. One was, at the time also we didn't see a stimulus coming -- didn't anticipate stimulus coming, which ended up coming. But I would look at that more as a mid-to long-term algorithm, which I think is the way we portrayed that when we discussed it. Certainly right now, we're seeing inflation in areas and some of that's demand driven and some of that's supply driven. Over time, things will likely work themselves out. But the context of how we think about the longer-term growth of Walmart has not changed.
Brett Biggs: Yeah. Karen, this is Brett. But I think -- I think probably you answer your question a little bit as there are puts and takes as we look at the quarter as there has been for the last eight or nine quarters and there is really for every quarter. And as we look at all the potential things that we see in the supply chain, as we see in the labor market, as we see in pricing, the EPS guidance that we gave is kind of an amalgamation of all of those things.
Brett Biggs: Kate, this is Brett. It's pretty challenging to try to quantify that impact with some of the other impacts that we're seeing as well. Obviously, there are some parts of the stimulus that wound down in Q3, things like child care credits that kept going through Q3. But demand is really strong -- unit demand is strong. On our stores, they're crowded. So we continue to see good demand, and I think as you come, as your question stated almost, as we get further and further away from stimulus, I think it makes us feel better and better about the demand for what we're doing.
Brett Biggs: Yes, we're currently about 160 million items available. So 21 million growth in the quarter is a really nice gain. And we certainly see high demand from marketplace sellers. And one of the services that we're excited about is Walmart Fulfillment Services. We can scale that business just about as quickly as we'll be able to add capacity. So, got a lot of great plans in the supply chain. We've talked about supply chain a number of times this year, but we've got a lot of innovation and investments in the supply chain that we're very excited about to add capacity for the overall network. But this certainly will include and support our marketplace sellers and have a great seller value proposition as we look forward.
Brett Biggs: Yeah. Hi, Ben. How are you doing? I'll go back to really what we talked about in February which came up on a question earlier. I still feel really good about the long-term algorithms -- mid to long-term algorithms that we discussed in February about being able to grow operating income faster than sales as a company going forward. And that would portend to I think shareholders over time being pleased with the direction of ROI. We have some capital to invest, and John's talked a lot about that, particularly in the US side on supply chain, and we're going to do that because we think it's going to help us long-term on both the top line and bottom line. But I am pleased with where we are from an ROI standpoint. We're focused on it, and I think over time it should continue to grow as the Company.
Brett Biggs: And last thing I'd add, Ben, just certainly, the focus on top line Doug mentioned a few minutes ago, but we made decisions about over a year ago to certainly be aggressive with inventory positioning, and the team is really focused on top line growth. One of the fun things in retail is adding up the score every day and that starts with the revenue and with revenue growth, we are in a position where we can leverage our fixed costs. And then, as you've heard all throughout the call this morning, in the middle, we can manage, and we've got a team who are great at managing the middle, and the middle would include things like cost, gross margins, wages, the other factors in the middle. But overall we're happy to position and ability to manage. And last thing I'd say is, we're excited about the investments in wages and associates on this last round positively affected about 565,000 people. It's a really large number, 565,000 people got a raise, and we're proud to be able to be in a position to do that.
Brett Biggs: Thanks, Chuck. We didn't give guidance any specific lines on Q4, but I think it demonstrates again what we've said for many years. Just all the levers that we have to pull as a company to be able to -- for P&L to work at the same time that we're serving customers the way that we want to, and really Q3 would be no different from the standpoint of levers moving one way or the other. Certainly had supply chain cost pressure, just some input cost pressures. But then when you get the demand that we're having at least a lower markdowns -- fuel was a pressure in Q3 which sometimes it's a positive sometimes a negative. Feel really good about our advertising business, John, and the growth that we're seeing in the US but also globally. So it's all these things that come together and as a management team, cost side and margin side, it's up to us to manage those pieces in a way that gets to the results that we had in Q3 and the results that we've guided for in Q4. So, we've managed through a lot of different environments over the last eight or nine quarters in particular and feel good about this team's ability to continue to do it.
Doug McMillon: Thanks, Michael. That's a good question. The thing that comes to mind is the change that has to happen and has happened to an extent and continues now related to working in a more digital fashion. We use a phrase here that's called four in a box, which is an agile way of working with customer, product, design, technology, engineering, all around the table, designing omnichannel outcomes for customers and members. Historically, if you look back years ago, the Company would have operated in specialized silos, merchandising operations, finance, logistics, etc., and the teams learned in recent years and is still learning how to move faster, again with the end in mind, designed with that outcome, and that enables us to put technology to work in a way that is truly omnichannel, not siloed. Customers and members expect that we've got unique opportunities to deliver that. But the change inside the Company has to happen to enable it.
Doug McMillon: Yeah, sure. Hi, Peter. I was thinking about Judith because she was reminding us this week, just how much inflation we've experienced inside Walmart around the world over time. We haven't seen this kind of inflation in the US for quite some time, but we have operated in markets where we've seen this basically forever and even more extreme. So that experience is helpful. We do start with wanting to keep prices low. The purpose of the Company is to save people money and help them with a better life, and we get excited about trying to do that. And the Company is kind of hedged well, if you think about it. With an inflationary environment, there are things that come along with that. And in a deflationary environment, we can leave down and we're a low-cost operator and we can take advantage of those situations. So in this case, our cost inflation is higher than our retail inflation and that's what we would want. But we've got lots of flexibility as we monitor price gaps to decide what we do with general merchandise, what we do with apparel, for example, and what we want to do with beef, with the inflation that's happening there and it becomes a mix management exercise with us trying to manage serving the customer member while managing the bottom line. We would care a little less about how the gross margin and SG&A balance out as we would with the net looks like. And so we're managing in that fashion and that's what you can expect us to do going forward.
Doug McMillon: It seems like the most pronounced thing we saw would be in hiring. Like when the stimulus dollars started to go away, the hiring situation changed faster. We saw people come back in a matter of weeks. We were back to being staffed.
Doug McMillon: One of the things we mentioned in February was the importance of automation, and we'll be talking more about that in the future. But if you just go back and review what we said there, we've got opportunities in distribution centers, fulfillment centers, around the world to deploy new technology that will help us with productivity and that will take some capital investment, but if you look at what it delivers on the other side for customers and members as well as from a productivity point of view, we continue to be excited about that.
Doug McMillon: I'd just pick up a couple of things, Robbie. Excited about the momentum. I'd like the way the team has positioned the business and call it Walmart Connect. It connects buyers, sellers and customers on the platform. And that's really important that everything we do is centered around the customer. And in the last quarter, we added a new Chief Revenue Officer, Seth Dallaire. Excited to have Seth on board and looking forward to the impact he'll be able to make in the ad business. And as I've said on fuel, certainly we're watching the pricing in fuel. Where we can offer a value, we will and we do. But we know that Americans spend a large percentage of their income on food and energy. And so, with pressure on energy prices then certainly it's up to us, the team, to do everything we can to keep prices low and to fight inflation and the team's doing a nice job of that.
Doug McMillon: I think pickup and delivery around the world will grow and the step change that occurred will stay and then grow from there probably at a lower rate. That's what we're seeing here. But the store traffic's the biggest issue. When the pandemic enabled it, people came back to stores; and I think they like stores. They want to have that experience. They enjoy seeing merchandise, being around each other, and that's why omni channel makes so much sense. So grateful for that. There are other things like telehealth that will persist forever. The goods versus services trade-off that happened during the lockdowns and during the heavier pandemic period were definitely a big deal. We'll see how that plays out over time. People eating at home. I think they've enjoyed that, and they're going to do more of that. And that gets us an opportunity across all of our formats around the world. Is there anything any of you would add to that? I think we covered it.
Doug McMillon: I'll just wrap up by saying that we appreciate your attention on Walmart. And hopefully what you can see is that the business is changing. We can sell customers and members things in a variety of ways. We can make money doing it. The business model's changing, the digital transformation's underway, this is a different Company than it was and we've got a lot of runway in front of us. We're looking now at our input metrics; we're not just enjoying the benefits of some of these tailwinds and feeling like we're certainly a company that's arrived. We're paying attention to net promoter scores; we're working on the things underneath that will enable us to continue to grow regardless of what the environment is like. There will be a point in time some point in the future where you guys will be asking us about deflation and you'll be asking us about how we're going to grow share, and we're focused on growing share today and in that environment. We run the Company for the long term, manage it for the short-term and really proud of what the team is doing to make that happen and grateful to our associates. Have a great day.
John Furner: Yeah. Love to. Good morning. First, we wanted to make sure that we were positioned well for customers. It's an important time of year in general merchandise and the food businesses as our customers prepare to celebrate holidays all across the country and we took a lot of steps early in the year to try to get ahead of what we thought could be some congestion and some other supply chain pressures that we've been facing throughout the year. Some of the things that helped us in the quarter, Brett mentioned a couple of things like chartering vessels, ensuring that we were forecasting appropriately and then managing the labor across each and every piece of the supply chain has been paramount to being able to deliver an increase in inventory, as you noted, of over 11%. Certainly, there were pressures all along the way, but no, I would just complement the teams at Walmart that operates the supply chain and not only general merchandise, but our food networks, both networks have been running extremely well. There's a lot of volume go into the networks, and the teams have been very innovative and approaches to solving these problems. The dispatch is very complex and there have been a number of places where we've seen acceleration that would be in throughput, inbound from our vendors and then outbound to our stores and fulfillment centers has been extremely strong.
John Furner: Hey, Simeon, it's John. Let me take the first part of the question and then we will handle the second part together. As far as gross margin, we start all these conversations with what's the right value for customers giving our position in the marketplace. And we've been pleased with the results in terms of price gaps over the last 18 months. We are in a better position than we were before the pandemic and we intend to keep our price gaps that way. As Doug mentioned, our cost inflation is definitely higher than retail. So we will -- we will hold on moving any retail as late as possible. And what you saw there in the quarter, in the third quarter, more specifically in gross margin, were costs that came through in terms of supply chain. That would be everything from our domestic supply chains, labor, international supply chains as well. And then we have benefits of lower markdowns and higher sell-throughs. That would include back to school -- we had a very good back to school season, Halloween sell-through, both in food and general merchandise, were very strong. And we see customers who are celebrating. We're pleased with our position as we go into Thanksgiving, and I've been at stores around the country and our feature mix looks much better than a year ago, definitely hit a holiday feel. Last year, we were pretty reliant on things like snacks and beverages to fill space and we were having inventory shortages. So I feel really good about the positioning going into the holiday season. We're proud of the 11.5% I mentioned some moment ago, but many ladies and gentlemen all over the country have worked very hard to make that number come to reality, including managing each piece, which is both offshore and domestically. I think the big advantage that Walmart has in times like this is, about two-thirds of what we source is sourced from the United States here in the country, and so we've got a lot of flexibility in terms of how we're able to balance this out.
John Furner: One of the most important things that happened quite a few months ago was, we all kind of held hands and decided to be aggressive. So the seasonal businesses that we're driving now, we made a call on that, maybe in some cases a year ago, and I think that helped us in terms of quantities, getting them through, getting them through earlier, and I think it's going to play out that way. I think it's going to be really strong. As it relates to whether it's peak or not, Simeon, there are variables like what happens with the virus, is the market going to continue opening up and people will consume services, travel and all those kinds of things and what does that mean to goods. So there is a demand side of this as well as a supply side of it, and I don't know that any of us can call exactly where the peak is going to be. But it doesn't really matter to us. We're going to manage through it regardless of what happens. And when we get an opportunity to take rollbacks, we're out there asking suppliers even now, do any of you want to get aggressive and swim upstream and take prices down while prices are going up to gain share, and we got so many suppliers to work with and choose from that you find people in some categories that can do things and as the months progress, we expect to find more of them.
John Furner: And, Kate, specifically in the US -- good morning, it's John, by the way -- specifically in the US, we certainly see a consumer that has a strong balance sheet. We see spending levels higher, we see demand is higher, traffic being up 5.7% in the quarter is an encouraging sign. And then having categories like apparel lead the business which is discretionary. Our apparel team has done a great job positioning -- that's going into the back half of the year with new technology, new product. Having apparel lead is certainly encouraging. And then also, we're really proud of the results in food with two-year share gains and units accelerating retail gains I think gives us an indication of how the consumer is feeling and how they're going to be spending the rest of the year.
John Furner: Yes, it certainly was and certainly felt the impact of that early in the year when the Delta variant began. And then in the last quarter or so, we've added close to 200,000 people in the workforce. We're really excited to welcome the 200,000 new associates to the Company. About 25% of those are in the supply chain and the other 75% are stores and other areas. But that's been done to meet demand, and again, we're excited about our positioning in terms of people, product and our pricing.
John Furner: So let me take -- good morning, Edward. This is John. Couple of things on your first question, sort of about capabilities. First, the team has really changed the way they work over the last couple of years. We mentioned a few minutes ago a more digital way of working, which we call in the business four in the box. And quite simply, we look for customer problems, associate problems, friction in the environment. And then we assemble a team of people which would include someone representing the customer, the business, product, technology, design, and these groups work through each of the problems and create digital products to take the friction out. Along the way, the real benefit is the data that's generated from these products. One example is, we're managing our backrooms of supercenters and there have been markets around the country using computer vision and augmented reality to not only know what's in the backroom, but what can be moved to the floor and we use AR -- augmented reality is a way for associates to know how to direct work, and from that we generate literally billions of pieces of data every week and it's helping us with overall inventory management. And I think our in-stock positions reflect that work as an example. Second, on the marketplace, we've taken more of an open approach on the marketplace and we are ensuring that each of our search and recall algorithms are working on behalf of the customer. What's really important in retail is knowing your customer, understanding the customer's intent, and then taking into catalog, whether it's 1P or 3P and matching the items that they are looking for and then it's up to the team here to execute. And we've got a really clear customer value index that we think about each and every day online, and we measure ourselves to that. So we're really centered on, as we've said a couple of times this morning, really centered on revenue growth, focused on the customer and then we'll work through the other pressures as Brett mentioned like we have the last eight or nine quarters. We're using ML and AI to do a number of different things. We used it to help adjust to the pandemic and use the stores as fulfillment hubs. We use it for predictive baskets, smart substitutions. Our in-stock assistance is AI empowered. And this modernization that we've been talking about with you guys in previous meetings is continuing, which unlocks more capability to use that data. We've moved 153 petabytes of data to the cloud so far, and we've got room to grow there. And we can put data and machines to work in ways in this company that we've not yet done, but we are making progress.
John Furner: Hey, Robbie, I would expect you to break that rule. I mean, as it relates to digital advertising, we are really excited about it. Obviously, we're coming off a smaller base than some others. We've shared that the two-year stack is 240% in the US. At some point, we may share a number with you. We're obviously talking about that. The thing I'm excited about, it's happening everywhere. I mean, Judith is driving an advertising income business around the world and this flywheel that we showed you guys in February is coming to life across markets in a way that generates a different business model that will change the Company in the long term and it's happening in -- we're excited about the fact we've got traction in a number of different areas. Gas prices are a concern. They're a concern, not just in this country, but everywhere. They're up dramatically versus a year ago, and the customers had money. And at some point, that's going to come to an end. Hopefully, that's a gradual process, and hopefully gas prices come down, and we sell a lot of fuel and in both Walmart US and Sam's, we're trying to help keep those prices down.
John Furner: Good morning, Paul. This is John. First, as we said earlier, our unit growth in grocery is growing faster than dollars and that's a position we'd like to stay in as long as we possibly can. We want to keep prices low for customers all across the business and we'll be the last to go up. So, we're happy with our price positioning. We see gaps that are wider now than they were before the pandemic began and we intend to maintain that position. As far as the mix goes, it's relatively even across the business, so there aren't areas with probably the exception of the beef category that really stand out from grocery to general merchandise. But we've got solid growth in general merchandise as well, leading the businesses, apparel; our health and wellness business has been strong. So the Supercenter and the overall business has an ability to mix that's quite helpful. And in the last quarter, part of the margin compression, we were down about 12 basis points, was benefited by mix, it was benefited by higher sell-through and then was also benefited by lower markdowns as a result of those sell-throughs. And then we had supply chain costs that came through. So the team at Walmart have a broad portfolio of categories and a broad portfolio of levers that they can use to keep prices low for customers.
Judith McKenna: From a supply chain perspective for international, clearly each of our markets is in a slightly different position, but many of the actions that John described apply globally around the world. But I take something like Mexico. That market is about 93% domestically sourced. So those pressures are slightly different depending on the category. We spent the last couple of years expanding some of our supply chain capabilities and that's really stood us in good stead. And then, you've seen us ramping up our hiring in places like Canada pre the holiday season as well as quite normal for us, and we've had no issues with being able to do that. We're doing some good work tugging on some of the chartering of the vessels that the US is doing, and I think this is where our scale and capabilities really come in to play. And from an inventory perspective, we're up about 10% year-on-year but that's ex divestitures. Actually -- sorry, that's inc divestitures. Ex divestitures, it's even higher than that. And for the first time, I'll tell you that's a good thing because it actually positions us well as we're going into the peak of the holiday season.
Judith McKenna: I would maybe just add to that -- it's Judith -- that we are prioritizing flow around the world and have been doing for some time. So those products which we know that customers and members need most, making sure that they've got places on the vessels when it's the international supply chain to bring them in. So in addition to people wanting to buy earlier, we've also been really thoughtful about how that product is coming in as well.
Judith McKenna: It's Judith. Maybe just on our [Indecipherable] International. One of the other things to add is the way that we're sharing technology but also capabilities around the world. So that flywheel built out using the capabilities that we're building in different markets to support markets that are earlier in that journey is really important. So, for example, the Flipkart ad-tech platform which has developed and really quite mature. We're deploying that in Chile, for example, whereas Walmart Connect, that program is deploying in Mexico and Canada. So another great one of those areas where not only is it benefiting all of the markets pretty much around the world. It's also ultimately being built off share capabilities.
