John Furner: He good morning Michael. This is John Furner with the U.S. segment. Let me take the question on food first. In the quarter, we were happy with the results. Our food comps in total were just in, call it the mid-to-high single-digit range. And we did see sheer improvements from the second quarter; and we think in the second quarter, our comps would have been influenced by shorter store hours. We were opened only till 8:30 in the evening. We've recently expanded to 10:00 p.m., and in some locations where we felt it was safe, we moved downwards to 11:00 p.m. at night. And those have had improvements. We’re seeing a trend improvement on our food share in total over the two quarters. Looking at the food business in general, our in-stock position is much better in the third quarter – was much better in the third quarter than was in the second. And then generally speaking, our price position has remained very strong in Q2 and Q3, which is at a better position than it was in the first quarter of the year. So, we are we're pleased with the improvements in share trends in the third quarter, from the second quarter. And then the last thing I'd say is the team has also done a very nice job with the online pickup business. We've doubled the number of people that are working in that business, up to about 130,000 – 140,000, which is 2x of what it was a year ago. So overall the improvements in food share has been pleasant from the third quarter than the second. I think your second question was on eCommerce margin specifically. And Michael, those results are a reflection of mostly mix as we described, our home business has been solid online, our apparel business has led, and then the overall winner in the eCommerce business was our marketplace business which led the marketplace or led the eCom comps in total to 79% for the quarter.
John Furner: And Kelly, at a certain point this year, in the second quarter, we had up to 2,500 stores working as fulfillment centers to handle demand and been in the last few months, we've been able to open more fulfillment center capacity, including staffing up to be able to pick orders and ship from store. So, I think the important note there is, as Walmart has so many assets that can be used to take care of customers in any way they want to shop, whether they shop in-store, pick up at the store, or have orders delivered.
John Furner: Sure. Thanks, Doug. Good morning, Paul. We planned for a good holiday season. As Doug said, we are planning for what we would describe as the new normal for customers this holiday, which will include staying at home, being in smaller groups. We think to be of course, more celebrations as groups are smaller all around the country. Our events, which last year would have been more of a singular event, we have several events that are planned, a few that are behind us and more to come. We plan these events to be omni-lead. So they give customers the option of being able to buy online and pick up in store, buy online have shipped or shop-in the store. And we made it very flexible. So customers could do what is best for them. We've called this Deals for Days. We've had three events online already. We've had two events in stores, and then we'll have more as the season goes on and we're looking forward to the next 10 days of being ready for customers to shop further for the Thanksgiving meal. But overall, we feel good about our plan for the fourth quarter. We feel good about our in-stock and our inventory position in general merchandise. And then I'll turn it over to Judith to talk about the International transactions.
John Furner: Hey, Karen, good morning, it's John Furner. Let me take the first question on the hours first. Let me first say, I am really appreciative of the work that our associates have done this entire year. They have stepped up as Doug said earlier and served their customers, served their communities in taking care of each other. And I want to start with that because it's just an important to reiterate that our first priority all year long has been to do whatever we could to protect associates safety, customer safety and serve our communities. And so the reduction in hours in the first and then the second quarter are primarily to ensure that associates were able to cover the stores as needed. We also had changed our leave of absence policy, which enabled associates to take off anytime they needed, if they weren't feeling well or they needed to stay at home. The hours did changed in Q3, so during the three, I wouldn't be able to give you a number that was saying how much it affected the results by, but we do know that the sheer losses in Q2 subsided and improved in Q3. So we played that this definitely has a part of it. We don't have any guidance yet on whether we'll go back to 24 hours at what point, at this point we'll operate 7:00 to 10:00 or 7:00 to 11:00, depending on what the store is able to handle in terms of staffing and whatever local regulations would allow for. On the Plus program, as we said earlier, we're excited about the offer, we think it's an important part of the Walmart ecosystem for customers to be able to experience all of the benefits that Walmart has to offer. We want this to be a very friction-free experience for the customer and whether the customer is shopping in the store with Scan and Go or using our fuel discounts, which are available at our Walmart gas stations, Murphy, Murphy Express and now Sam's Club, and then finally be able to get unlimited delivery on food, consumables and general merchandise from the store. We think it's a really compelling offer that customers will enjoy being a part of and being able to benefit from. The program is new, so we don't have a lot to share at this point and we're still learning. We're focused on the best experience we can possibly deliver for our customers. And we're looking forward to the impact that the program will have. It might be worth repeating the stat we've shared with you over the last few years that when a customer shops us in-store and online, they spend about twice as much and they spend more in store, those are pre-pandemic stats, we’re not updating those at this moment, but it is important to remember once they're engaged in a digital relationship and they're shopping as holistically like that, the value of that customer relationship goes up.
John Furner: And Doug, I agree, we do see big differences depending on the communities that you are in. I've also been out the last couple of weeks and including the last two weekends, and it really depends on what's going on in the state and the city that we're in. The specific categories where we have the most strain at the present time would be bath tissue and cleaning supplies. Some of our inventory position on hand sanitizer, mask is very good; dry grocery has recovered in many cases, although there are still parts of supply chain that are stressed by components that just haven't been available, including things like aluminum and cans packaging. So those things have definitely had an impact. But overall, I'm pleased with the improvements in availability, including the fresh meat department. The team there is doing a great job of getting things back in stock. We still see some stress in things like daily bacon and breakfast foods. But in general, there is product available just in store fronts like how it was. And then finally, I would just complement our produce team that has just done a great job of sourcing produce and maintain quality and fresh levels throughout the entire year. So, the teams are really working hard and I'm really thankful and grateful for the work that our inventory teams and merchandising teams have done at Walmart in the grocery departments.
John Furner: Hey Oliver. Thanks for the feedback on the advertising. We are proud of the team and the work they're doing, and they're – I think they're doing a great job of getting the message out and the benefit of things like time savings and being able to spend more time with your family and do the things that are important. And we think those are key components of what the Walmart Plus offer has for our customers – being able to order your groceries and have them delivered without worrying about whether you have it delivered or not. It's just part of the program. Even saving time while in store with Scan & Go is a nice benefit as well. So I think it's just part of mix. This is a service that we already offer. We've had a delivery business for some time now. That's been growing for some time. I'm really happy with the growth of delivery in the second quarter and the third quarter. There has been growth in both quarters and that's exciting to see. I think the team is doing a nice job figuring how to leverage delivery costs and putting multiple orders in cars. They're building density all across the country and that's exciting to see. I think the second point to make is our merchants are really focused on the omni customer, and so more and more I hear from our merchants, they are thinking of their businesses in terms of a customer strategy rather than a channel strategy, so the lines are blurring between e-Commerce and stores and it's all about serving the customer the way they want to be served, whether that's letting the customer – having the customer be welcome to shop in-store, pick up at the store or that – or delivery. I mean as far as your question on automation, we're still excited about programs that we have going on a regional distribution centers and fulfillment centers. In both cases, we've got a lot of innovation and the team is doing a great job of figuring out how to deliver to stores and the customers, orders that are not only productive and our variable cost per unit has gone down even though the last quarter, as we mentioned with e-Commerce losses, but we're doing a nice job. Have been able to service stores more timely and more accurately. And then finally, at the local level, we do continue to have innovations that are starting to really work and we're excited about what's in the future when it comes to things like our Alert program that's piloted in New Hampshire and we have other locations planned for that technology. And then we're also evaluating other technologies that would help us, of course, expand our capacity at stores to be able to pick and deliver orders as they come in.
John Furner: Got it. This is John. Thanks for the question. Back to your very first statement on online grocery where we've really reframed online grocery this year to just be online pickup and delivery and more and more – we're offering more items in the super center that are available for pickup and the super center, which is just a fantastic retail format is also at times in the year operated as a fulfillment center. We had up to 2,500 stores that were shipping from home. We still have hundreds going to the quarter, and the team has done – have done a very nice job using all parts of the supply chain to fulfill our e-commerce demand, which would be reflected in the results that we saw in the quarter of growth of 79%. As far as picking itself, over the course of the year, the team did struggle in the first quarter, obviously, with the number of out of stocks that we had, and we pulled some capacity back as we focused on getting the stores back in stock. And then as the stores have gotten back in stock, as we said earlier, we've doubled the number of people that are working in our pickup department up to 140,000. So a very significant increase over the year before. We're using machine learning to figure out the best way to put a labor against the slots also when to pick the slots and then went to determine what we can fill. So we've got some nice productivity improvements there. On top of our regular pick system, which is basically the slot system, we launched express delivery, that's live in 2,700 stores, and we're really excited about the results in the first three quarters of the year with Express. So that's been exciting. And then looking forward, every week now we've got literally millions of slots that are open and available for customers to select from, and we'll keep working on the things that can – we can do in the short-term to gain capacity. And the final thing I'd say is we are excited about what we would call Micro Fulfillment Center. So these would be automated solutions. There's a storage and retrieval system live at a storage a few miles from here that we're optimistic about, including others that are planned around the country for the next couple of years. So I think the ability for Walmart to be a real leader in the online pickup and delivery space is real. And I'm excited about the opportunities that has for us the next couple of years.
John Furner: Hey, Chuck. I'll just say in general, we're very excited about health and wellness at Walmart. And health and wellness had a good – a great quarter last quarter, it was one of our best businesses. The team have opened a number of clinics and we have more plans or optimism about the health and wellness space remains high. Throughout the year we've been delivering prescriptions via mail. We've done this for some amount of time. And then we've expanded the capacity in the summer. So we've got really broad coverage on the ability to deliver prescriptions around the country. And then also during the pandemic in all stores – all supercenters that don't have a drive through, we also launched curbside pickup. So the customers who need their prescription could pick-up their prescription outside of the pharmacy. And then we've got 4,000 stores now in 30 States that have no contact delivery options. So the team has done a nice job innovating and serving the customer, and we just opened another central fill pharmacy here in Rogers, Arkansas that services home and stores. So we're pretty optimistic about the ability for the pharmacy team to continue to innovate and grow as the customer needs over the next couple of years.
Doug McMillon: I'll start Kelly, this is Doug, and then John can jump in. I think, as it relates to Walmart Plus and losses, we’re putting together an ecosystem, these parts are connected and I do think Walmart Plus can be helpful in a lot of ways over time and the information that we'll have about customers, the ability to personalize, I think we'll be able to serve them better in both sides, the stores and eCommerce will come to life in a way that helps make Walmart Plus even stronger. But I wouldn't underestimate the significance of the other components as it relates to eCommerce losses and eCommerce growth, kind of the basic blocking and tackling, getting the contribution profit to a healthy level, things like mix that John just mentioned a minute ago, apparel and home mix in particular, the ability to leverage costs to pick efficiently, obviously getting things into one box as much as possible, getting shipping efficiencies, all of those kinds of things are going to generate a sustainable businesses as it relates to eCommerce as a channel over time. We will keep an eye on eCommerce as a business, of course, but also remember we've got all these other levers where it's an omnichannel business, we've got a lot of variables on the store side, so when we think of how we blend the combination of revenue, expenses, and profitability together, we think of it in a holistic fashion. It is great to see how stores have been playing a role with fulfillment.
Doug McMillon: Paul, I'll start out. This is Doug, as it relates to holiday, now let's keep in mind we've got multiple markets and a lot of different scenarios, but there are some common trends, people are at home more, they're eating at home more, and they've all been through a difficult year. So just emotionally, I don't know what you're thinking, but in my family while it would be a smaller group, we're really looking forward to Thanksgiving and Christmas and New Year's, and some sense of joy and normalcy. And I think we'll see that play out as it relates to consumption patterns in the U.S. and beyond. John, if you want to add some things for U.S. and then we've got Judith on today, and we'll go to her for the International portfolio response.
Doug McMillon: Hey, good morning, Peter. We remain excited about the opportunity in health and wellness in general, including Walmart Health, we haven't made any changes to our plan. We've opened few clinics since we most recently spoke, and we are excited about the demand that we saw in the first six months in the year including last year, since we opened our first clinic in Dallas, Georgia. We continue to work on our mix and learn about the types of services that we want to offer customers. And there's no change that I would be wanting to make at this point.
Doug McMillon: And let me take the share question, first, Simeon. As we said, our share in Q3, the trend did improve in total food. Our general merchandise share has gained in Q3 and also in the second quarter. Q3 did start slower in general merchandise and picked up as the quarter went along, so we were pleased with that. As far as the average ticket and pricing, we are seeing across the entire box, what we describe as modest deflation, a little bit of inflation in some food categories, but no major change there. Our price gaps did widen in the second quarter versus what they had been in the first, and they remain wide in Q3. So certainly, there are less promotions around the market and I think our unit growth, as mentioned earlier and the transaction size, has benefited from those. As far as the Plus business, we are excited about the results. It's really early on. We just launched this in the middle to the late – latter part of Q3, so we don't have anything yet. We're still learning. We're excited about the offer. We know customers are excited about the offer. We do serve about 90% of the population within a 10-mile radius and just in the last quarter we added another 230 stores that can do pickup that brings our total to 3,700 stores, then we've got 2,700 stores that are now offering what we describe as Express Delivery. And we have examples even just this week of customers who are getting their groceries, from the time of order delivery in under half hour. So, we're really excited about the ability to have services like that all across the country in big cities, in small cities and everything in between.
Doug McMillon: Yes, I'll go first. I think Bob, as you look at what's happening in the U.S. in particular – and Judith, you may have comments about outside the US – I think the way to think of this is locally, it really does have everything to do with what's happening with COVID cases in any particular community. I was in stores last week and I saw variance from one state to the other, one location to the other, just depends on how people are feeling in that moment. But what the action is the same as what we saw before. They're just stocking up on paper goods, cleaning supplies and dry grocery, should they need them. And so, I think we're going to be able to respond in this instance better than we did in the first half of the year, although we're still – as a total supply chain – still stressed in some places. It's disappointing to watch our rationalities and see as many out of stocks as we had in consumables right now, generally, although it's a whole lot better than it was earlier in the year. So, I think we'll manage through these curves. They'll be localized. We will respond. We got to keep these food and consumable DCs operating. Our logistics team is doing a fantastic job of doing that. But it feels to me like we'll work through this period of time better than we did in the first wave.
Doug McMillon: It's been great to see some of the pilots that we've had, in terms of automation, start to really work. We'll be talking to you guys more about that in the future, but automation will be a big part of what we do. And it will play a role in helping the store experience get better as it reduces the amount of work the associates have at store level just moving freight around. I hope, you can also see – Oliver, back to your first question – that the company is changing and shaping its business model, the way that we make money today and the way we'll make money in the future will be more multifaceted, whether it's marketplace or advertising, Walmart Plus, Walmart Fulfillment Services and other things to come in the future. We've just got this great opportunity, this asset, in terms of these customer relationships, any other fiscal assets that we have, to monetize it in a variety of ways. And we're building those capabilities and you can start to see it in our results.
Doug McMillon: Hi, Kate. Let me take the first question. In terms of the market, in Q2, we did note that we saw less promotions around the market and primarily that would have been caused by the number of stock outs that we're seeing nationally due to the run-up in what we call the first phase of stocking up at home, right when the pandemic began. In the third quarter, in food and consumables, there wasn't much change that we noted from the third quarter to the second. So again in the quarter we definitely saw less promotions; as we said earlier, our price gap versus our competition wide ending the second quarter and remained wide in the third quarter. The difference in late Q3 and then into Q4 would be the different schedules that we're seeing all around the country regarding holiday events and gift buying. We are excited about the plans that we have in the fourth quarter. As I said earlier, a number of those events have already happened, and we have more plans over the course of the month. And I'm really excited about the offer that our entertainment team, our electronics team has put together. We're excited about the game offers that they have. I'm excited about the items that we have in toys. We've got 1,300 new items in toys and 800 items that are unique to Walmart and the toy department this year. And we've gotten great feedback from number of kids and our program that we call Walmart Camp Online has also been really successful this year. And that gave customers an opportunity to do things at home and spend time together. So I think that fourth quarter, while we don't have guidance on that today, I think the fourth quarter is definitely planned well. I think the team here at Walmart and have done a great job thinking about safety and being able to give customers options so they can shop to the way that they want to shop and be able to celebrate their holiday the way they want to and buy guests for Walmart, and I'm excited about the plan the team has
Doug McMillon: We're just getting started. I think that's the end. That's the question, I mean. We have made progress and I'm grateful for the job that Mark and John and the team has done to build a big marketplace business, but we've got a lot of upside in front of us and a lot of – a lot of things that we can do to improve customer experience and to drive income for the company.
Doug McMillon: As it relates to planning we look forward to the memo that you'll send us to explain it all, but if we – if we were to think through it, we're optimistic as I'm sure all of you are about how the back half of next year should start to look a bit more normal. We still have a ways to go to get there and we'll manage through it as we have been managing through this year. We do have momentum in a number of key areas. And the way that I think about it is almost regardless of what the market number looks like or what the economic environment looks like. We're in control of a lot of our own destiny. We know what customers want, and we have capabilities and are adding to those capabilities to be able to serve them. So we're on our front foot. We are thinking about this offensively, and next year, there'll be tailwinds and headwinds that we're up against. Our in stock will be better. Our ability to service customers through e-commerce including pick and delivery from stores will be better. We will have fewer COVID-19 expenses. We hope and pray, and so all of those things we'll navigate as we go through the year, but our mindset going in is an offensive mindset.
Doug McMillon: Sam's Club has been going through a similar innovation cycle during the pandemic, adding curbside, learning how to do delivery, things have all accelerated there. So kind of back to Peter's question earlier, we're building out an omni-channel health and wellness business, and it'll include the big pharmacy business that we have now, vision, hearing, OTC, the things that happen in-store and online, and then increasingly services as you can see through our additional clinics. So I think omni-channel, and health and wellness will matter every bit, as much as it does in the rest of retail.
Doug McMillon: Are we wrapping up there? So just as we're wrapping up here, thank you for your questions. Really appreciate your interest in the company. We're optimistic about the fourth quarter. I love the position that we're in and just grateful to our associates for a strong Q3 and a strong year. Thank you all.
Judith McKenna: Hi, Paul, clearly transactions in the last six weeks announced as the Argentina and Japan, completely inline based on the strategy that we set out earlier in the year, with strong local businesses powered by Walmart and our ability to be flexible in the ownership structures that we have, whether that are the public companies that we've got minority ownership or majority ownership around the world, all three of those, we think position those markets to be very successful. In Argentina, we’re divested fully, but in the UK and Japan we’re retaining a stake in those businesses, as we help them continue on their transformation journeys as well. We're going to continue to focus market at the time. Our priority markets are clear India, China, Mexico and Canada, but actually every market that we have plays a role in the portfolio in some way. And I think that Japan is a really good example announced on someday, really how we can bring together people, not only to do a digital transformation for Japan, but more importantly, how much Walmart can continue to learn in that relationship as well. And we continue a relationship with them on a commercial basis in respect to providing global sourcing. This is a really new type of model that we're creating for International, we said a little bit clear on our priorities and I think we are showing that we have done that, but at the same time we still really benefit from all of the good things about being a global retailer, not least a great sharing of products and innovation and talent around the world.
Judith McKenna: Robert, maybe just a comment from around the world, which is again, it varies deeply by country, so U.K. in full lockdown, China pretty much life back to normal there. Just the only things to add to John and Doug's comments, eat at home continues to be a trend everywhere, mainly which we are benefiting from. Supply chains around the world are hulk about. But overall, just seeing festival seasons, and I would take that as everything from on Christmas through to Diwali and staffing strongly and people being happy with, buying things for themselves and for their homes as they go through that period as well.
Judith McKenna: Yes. Thank you. Yes. The improvement around the world in gross margin levels. Clearly, our biggest market has an impact. Roll Mat, in particular, the U.K. and Canada all showing improvements. They both benefited from [indiscernible], particularly in the U.K. to high-margin [indiscernible]. But also, there's a lot of work done by the teams looking at cost of goods savings, underlying initiatives. And then we've also seen in some of our eCommerce businesses a shift into marketplaces as well, which has really helped us. So around the world, it's a combination of factors, driven primarily by our markets, which has been very pleasing to see.
