John Furner: Sure. As Doug said, Robby, there were some phases that happened from the beginning of March until the end of the quarter. And really what we saw after the Easter holiday is things did become more stable, mix normalized to a point given the stimulus money that's in the market and things have been relatively consistent across the box and the channel since that point. So to your question, the phases have been quite fine, but they seem to be more stable over the last few weeks.  The second part of the question, as you said, was reopening and we will be managing the business geographically, state to state, city to city. And over the next few weeks, we'll be reopening some of the services in the areas we believe it's safe for our associates and customers for us to operate in those services, would be things like our tire and service centers, our auto care centers and our optical centers. So we're doing those. We're reopening a few of those in limited spots this week to learn how to best get that service back to our customers.  And then the third part of the question was inflation. We have seen some inflation in categories like milk eggs and dairy later in the quarter. That seems to have subsided somewhat. And then protein inflation has picked up over the last few weeks as plants have been inoperable in certain parts of the country. And as those have gotten back to limited operating capacities, we'll continue to moderate that. But fortunately, with the Walmart merchandising team, merchandising team is a very qualified team, and they will be able to do a number of things to help customers in any way possible to maintain values in the stores. And then finally, maintain margins appropriately as we move through the rest of the quarter. 
John Furner: The only other thing I would add, Karen, we have seen higher growth rates amongst customers who are 50 years of age or older than what we had seen in previous quarters. Other than that, it's been across the board. The repeat rate has been higher. And I think it's a real strength of the organization to be able to enlist so many stores to help fulfill like we did in the quarter. I think only Walmart could turn on 2,500 stores to fulfilling customer orders as quickly as we did. So I'd just like to thank our team for being able to do that. 
John Furner: And the only thing I would add, Paul, is late in the quarter, post-Easter, as stimulus money got into the market, there was more of a balance between general merchandise and the rest of the box. As Brett mentioned, apparel was down 14% in the quarter. That actually turned back to positive late in the quarter.  And then the second thing I would add, in addition to Brett mentioning services reopening, would be the contributed profit margin rates in eCommerce. We had better mix on eCommerce with home and general merchandise selling faster as people began to stay at home in the middle of the second quarter. 
John Furner: Kate, this is John. Our first priority right now is to get the stores back in stock. All across the company, we've had unprecedented demand in a number of categories. And at the current time, our focus is to get our inventory levels back to a level that we can serve customers all across the country each and every day. We do have -- we have in our plan still price investments planned later in the year. However, due to the changes and everything we've gone through so far this year, we'll be taking those decisions later in the year and we'll make that decision at the right time. 
John Furner: And on the supply chain, for the most part, the actual supply chain within Walmart has stayed relatively current other than a couple of exceptions in the first quarter. Some of our longer lead time general merchandise categories where you have out-of-stocks will take a bit longer to recover probably into June and July, particularly in general merchandise. Our food business is mostly current with the exception of some areas in the protein categories, and those are week-to-week as we monitor what's going on around the country. 
John Furner: Seth, this is John. Across the quarter, as we said, demand was quite variable and very high at some points. We mentioned in our stock-up phase we had really high-volume levels in paper, groceries, surface cleaners, categories like that. And at some point -- at one point during there, we had to pull some demand down because we weren't able to build the orders due to in-stock. But quickly, we're able to recover that as we got into April. And we've continually been adding slots. So more customers could be served with our online pickup option.  And as far as the delivery unlimited, really good growth in the number of people who are using the service all across the quarter. And expect more and more consumers around the country are going to be looking for delivery options. I think we're just -- we're fortunate to be positioned at Walmart in a way where we can deliver from store. We can have pickup orders ready. And we've included more and more general merchandise categories in our pickup assortment. We're now down to one application on the phone. One app still has 2 hallways, but we're down to one app on the phone, that went live as of this week. So we're positioned well to be able to serve customers the way they want to be served from fulfillment centers, from stores or from picking up in the stores. 
John Furner: So we ended the quarter about 8% down in inventory, so definitely lower than what we've anticipated. And that's not evenly spread around the box. So we've been lower in general merchandise categories like electronics, networking, laptops, bicycles, and those are some of the longer lead time categories where we saw a big shopping late in the quarter. Even categories like fishing really took off late in the month of April. So we'll be working the next couple of months, we think, end of June and July, to recover the inventory levels there. In food and consumables, we've seen some decent recovery in our paper good categories. Cleaning is still lower than what we'd intended. And then most of dry grocery has stabilized a bit, particularly late into the first quarter. 
Marc Lore: Sure. Sure, Doug. And just to build on what you said there, we have seen an increase in not only new buyers, but also repeat rates across the board, both for pickup, delivery from the store and delivery out of the AFB. So feeling really good about what we're seeing here. And we're using this as an opportunity to build a healthier underlying eCom business as well. 
Marc Lore: Yes. No, I'll just build on that, Doug, and just say that we continue to leverage our unique assets in ways that only Walmart can with same-day delivery out of the supercenter. But as you said, Doug, also leveraging the 2,500 stores to do fulfillment to take up some of the excess capacity that we needed and didn't have in the fulfillment centers. So in addition, I would say the continued investment in marketplace, as that's accelerating faster than the overall first-party business. We continue to attract new dollars at this time. And then WSS, it's also very early, but we're seeing very encouraging times. It's opening up the business that we sell in, and we've seen that as a potentially nice growth there in the future. 
Marc Lore: Yes. No, as we've said before, marketplace continues to outpace growth of first-party business. We've definitely made some move through the current marketplace during this period with pressure on the supply chain. And some of the things that we've learned there, I think, is going to be helpful to keep that business healthy going forward. 
Marc Lore: Yes, Doug. So yes, along the lines of a healthier business, there's a number of things that we've done during this period to create a healthy business coming out of it. Some of the things that we know we need to do long term to continue to do these losses is keep the fixed growing at a low rate when we grow sales at a high rate, driving mix into marketplace, which has been driving mix into higher-margin categories like home and fashion, which we're also doing. And that means that we needed to continue to add brands. This is a particularly good period of stretch for us where we've added a lot of really good brands. Some of them include Champion, for example, Keds, also Ray-Bans and a bunch of others. So we feel really good about extending this first-party long tail, increasing margin, driving better mix, keeping fixed in check. And then also, as Doug said, innovating and doing things like leveraging the stores to help with FC capacity. 
Brett Biggs: Yes. Thanks, Paul. I'll kick-off. And John, you may want to chime in a little bit on margins. Coming into the quarter, and even as we gave guidance in February, we certainly knew of the price investments that we've made last year, and we were going to have some overlap with those price investments. So that was already baked into the guidance we gave at the start of the year. So that was as we expected. Obviously, there were changes in the mix, particularly in Walmart U.S., much heavier in food and consumables, less so in general merchandise, until the end of the quarter when general merchandise got stronger and helped some with that mix. Also changes in shift to eCommerce. As you saw, our eCommerce growth is very healthy. And we also lowered losses in eCommerce. We continue to see better mix within the eCommerce brand, our eCommerce segment. We also had our auto centers and vision centers that were closed down for a part of the quarter, and that was an impact on margins as well, which is something certainly we couldn't have anticipated going into the quarter. Paul, one thing we've talked about over time was that gross margins would somewhat go towards the market and customers would allow them to be and that we had to get expenses in the right place to ensure that we keep our operating margin where we want it to be and that played out in a much more accelerated way in this quarter. But we continue to manage expenses really well. We're being disciplined where we need to be disciplined and that allows us to continue to lean in where we need to lean in. So I'm really proud of the balance that we're able to keep in the quarter. There'll be timing elements to all of this as we'll have periods of time where expenses increase more quickly than others. We just announced the second round of special bonuses in the U.S., which you would have seen. So that will have an impact in Q2 and we're glad that we're able to do that. From a guidance perspective, there was so much that we took into consideration, Paul, as you would imagine. And as I listed out the variables of what the different elements that we're seeing in the economy right now, so what's going to be the severity and the duration of this disease? What's the length of the stay-at-home orders that will continue? What's the stimulus that we'll see in the U.S. and other parts of the world? Employment conditions? And all of these things could be better than one anticipates in a quarter, can be less than one anticipates -- or a little bit more challenging than one anticipates in a quarter, and it's all of these things that we factored in and decide it was prudent to not give guidance at this time. But those are the things that we'll be looking at as we think about how the rest of the year looks and what you should be looking at as well. John, I don't know if you want to say any more on margins. 
Brett Biggs: Simeon, this is Brett. I would add on a little bit, too, that we've talked about probably every quarter how this team spends a lot of its time thinking about how we pull the different levers inside this company. There's so many levers that we can pull to make the P&L work, and I think you've seen that, certainly some in Q1. And the ability, I'm always reminded, but the ability of this company to move with agility and with speed is pretty amazing. And I think you've seen that in this quarter. 
Brett Biggs: Yes, Peter. Appreciate it. So the $900 million in incremental costs in the first quarter, about 3/4 of that was related to additional associate pay or benefits, and you would have seen the announcements. So as you would have seen, we've already announced a second round of special bonuses in the U.S., which that financially will hit in the second quarter. There's going to be some expenses that carry on probably for quite some time, additional sanitation, cleaning in the stores. As John said, we're going to make sure we're in stock and we have the people to get everything out on the floor. So some of those expenses will certainly carry through the second quarter and likely some of that will continue past that. So if you look at the bonus we just paid in the second quarter, that gets you more than 1/3 of the way to the total costs we were in, in Q1. So if the costs were in that ballpark again in Q2, I think that would probably be a fairly reasonable assumption at this point. 
Brett Biggs: Yes. I'd say the same thing, Chris, on gross margin, which is we've talked about that we've continued to see definitely some stimulus buying as we started the quarter. But if you just look back at the last 8 weeks, the variability in sales and mix over that period of time, I'd be cautious in trying to look at margin too far out. 
Doug McMillon: I think one of the things we've been saying all along is we need a bigger online business in profitable categories. And Marc and the team have obviously been working on that. But you'll remember, in the fourth quarter, it was one of the points that we emphasized. Now if you look at what's happened in the first quarter, we've seen some traction there. Marc, it's also great to see that the marketplace has grown faster. So some of the things we were trying to get done over a period of time have accelerated as a result of what's happened during this period. But there are still other things, Paul, I'd be keeping an eye on. At the end of this, it's about a really healthy top line with a strong mix represented, not just consumable items at low margin delivered through any means they want, through our stores, if that's the most efficient route; straight from FCs, if that's the most efficient route. And that's the math that we work with underneath. 
Doug McMillon: Bob, this is Doug. I would just add that the collaboration between our suppliers and our team has been really strong. Really appreciate the merchants, the replenishment team, not only in the U.S. but around the world. I think the communication has been terrific. I've personally been involved in some of that communication. The CEOs and the leaders of our suppliers have kept us up to speed on what they're dealing with. They don't only try to keep their people safe throughout their supply chain, but think about the suppliers that they have into the supply they bring to us. There's just a lot of steps to this. And I think it's been impressive how people have responded. 
Doug McMillon: I think big picture, one way to think about it would be that we're going to sell a broad assortment across merchandise categories and services to customers. And we're going to do that as they come into our stores and clubs, as they utilize pickup on-site and as we deliver to their home and eventually into their home. And what we will do is design and execute a supply chain underneath that, that leverages all of our assets. So there'll be times when it makes sense for an order to go straight from an FC based on what that order is comprised of. There'll be other times where that may be split between stores and fulfillment centers. There are other times where it may flow completely through a store, maybe even John receiving something from a fulfillment center to a store joining our last-mile delivery, which I know you've been working on as we speak. So I think we just learned over time how to manage the cost underneath that top line demand. And we've got a lot of assets to use, a lot of flexibility to balance speed, expectations of service with cost. 
Doug McMillon: Chris, this is Doug. We're all looking at each other. If the SNAP change has occurred, we're not aware of it. But it's a great example of the volatility that could very well be true. We're processing so much information, it may be that we're just not aware of that yet. I mean, when you think about guidance, Brett, there's upside, downside. We're just going to have to manage this thing week to week. And Chris, I would not attempt to forecast back-to-school right now. There's a reason we pulled guidance. We're telling you about the first quarter. We'll tell you about the second quarter later. 
Doug McMillon: John mentioned 2 hallways. That refers to the fact that on our app, you can choose to do grocery pickup from the store or order from walmart.com. But over time, I think what John said about general merchandise matters, it's going to end up being that you can do kind of a really quick pickup or delivery from a store location, and it will be inclusive of general merchandise, which helps us with mix and also improves the [indiscernible]. So our language will probably evolve away from online grocery to just be pickup and delivery, and we'll talk to you more about what that means in the future. 
Doug McMillon: I think it could be related to metering going into the stores. There have been periods of time during the quarter where we work at stripping transactions at store level because of social distancing. In Sam's, we weren't using as much of the capacity of the building before this crisis as we were in the supercenters. So that may be contributing to it. 
Doug McMillon: Mike, I think one of the embedded questions in what you just asked is, what approach will we take to testing for the virus? Some of those investment numbers that have been mentioned, I think, anticipate paying per test a fairly high number for a lot of people and a lot of tests. That's one of the areas that we are looking at. We've got a team involved in trying to sort out what kind of testing approach we're going to take, both diagnostic and antibody testing over time, as we all try to keep people safe. As you would know, there are a lot of moving parts there. There's actions from governments, federal and state. There are other players trying to sort all that out. So that's unclear to me. Setting that aside, I think the things that we've done in terms of PPE and operational processes, there's nothing extraordinary there that you wouldn't know about now that you've seen the first quarter number. As it relates to mix going forward, this is not really a new situation. The eCommerce, channel shift and merchandise mix issues have been on our minds, and we've been working towards creating a healthy mix for a futuristic business for quite some time. And you could see it in our fourth quarter numbers, what happened. And you can see it in what happened during the first quarter. When we have a strong eCommerce business in apparel and home and marketplace, it sure does help a lot. In the end, we're going to end up with an omnichannel business, and it's going to serve customers in the way that they want to be served. And we're going to figure out, and we are, as we speak and have been, what combination of choices we need to make from a supply chain point of view, where to route orders through, how much to pay people, all those variables that Brett mentioned, we've got a lot to work with to sort it out. I think job 1 for us is to stay relevant with the customer for the future and the way they want to shop. And then job 2 is to figure out how to deliver a shareholder return as we do it. And we were doing both of those things and will continue to in the future.  So Dan, if that was the last question, did you mean I just wrap up and say thank you to everybody? Thanks giving me the nod on video conference. We do appreciate how much time and attention you all pay to Walmart, and we'll try to do a good job of communicating as we go forward and letting you can't -- letting you know what we can [indiscernible] and what is the very volatile situation. Really appreciate our associates. They've done an incredible job in the first quarter, and we all appreciate it.
