John Furner: Hey, Bob. Good morning. It's John. Just a couple of things. First, I want to say thanks to my team for the quarter they just completed and the work they've done to position the business so well for now and in the future. Our merchant team, that's as broad as the team at Walmart, fortunately, they have a lot of levers that they can use all across the business to make sure our value is right for customers. We've seen strength in food and general merchandise and other categories. And as the environment changed, the team, they've just done an amazing job reacting to so many things over the last 18 months and continue to do so. And they've been quite deliberate about ensuring that our value remains strong. I'm happy to report that our price value is as strong as it has been throughout the pandemic and above what it was before the pandemic began. And so the team's doing things like driving strong businesses in apparel and home and general merchandise in addition to food, help them mix out. Inventory management is another key to this. We finished the quarter up about 20% in inventory, which I think we're well positioned going into the rest of the year based on where the inventory is. And we've had strong sell-throughs. The comp sales always help. So with the cost pressures that we do see across the supply chain, and you heard Brett mentioned that we're doing things like chartering vessels and securing supply to ensure that we are ready for the third and fourth quarter. And we've seen some inflation in the low single digits. But the thing I watch that I think is just most important is that we see our unit share in categories like food growing faster than our dollar share to ensure that we can position ourselves well in terms of retail value for the customer and play a role in keeping inflation down for the country.
John Furner: Good morning, Peter. This is John. I'll just pick up where Brett left off. As Brett mentioned in the opening comments, the comps improved sequentially each month of the quarter. And we feel great about that momentum. Our team has worked really hard this year to position the business well going into this what seems to be a strong back-to-school season early. We're happy with the results in categories like apparel and stationery and others that you would expect in a strong time like this. I mean, as far as the supply chain, the team, really, really proud of the work the team has done and thankful that we have such an experienced team who can manage these types of disruptions that we've seen around the global supply chain. So we've chartered vessels, as Brett said. We've secured capacity for the third and fourth quarter and feel good about the inventory positioning or particularly compared to last year with inventory up 20% across the segment. So I think we're in good shape going into the fourth quarter -- third and fourth quarter. Of course, we'll manage this the entire time and look for strong results as we get into the third quarter.
John Furner: Hey, Edward. It's John. Let me take the first question and then hand it over to Kath to talk about the momentum at Sam's. But as far as the margin rates that we reported in previous quarters, the way we're thinking about this is it's all about positioning value with our customers and then the mix of what we're selling. And let me talk about value for a second first. We're really proud of the price gaps that we're seeing at this time, which are at pre-pandemic levels and beyond. As I said earlier, it's really positive to see that the unit growth in big categories like our food department are higher than the share gains that we see in dollars. So relative value is something we think about a lot. As far as then the results that you've seen, it's a function of mix and then a strong performance by our U.S. supply chains. The teams have just done a number of things to ensure that flow is strong, and that would include everything from offshore to onshore properties like our distribution network. And in particular, our food distribution team has done an amazing job keeping products moving. And then ending the quarter, I feel really good about our inventory position. Starting with this very strong back-to-school season that we're seeing, which would include our apparel business, our stationery business and other businesses like lunch boxes and backpacks and all the things that you'd expect for kids to return to school have been off to a good start. And then the mix of inventory going into the quarter, we're up about 20% from where we were a year ago. And I think that's a result -- the result of that has been the stronger comps that we're seeing each month of the quarter as the quarter progressed. But I'll turn it over to Kath to talk about the really strong momentum at Sam's.
John Furner: Yes. Looking at the business, first thing that I would just remind everyone that we've been talking about for a while, that we're positioning this business to serve the customer however the customer wishes to be served, and that would include pickup, delivery to home and shopping in store. And so late in the first quarter, we definitely saw a traffic shift back into store from eCommerce and pickup. And that continued early in the quarter. And just as a reminder, as you said, we were up against strong comparisons particularly early in the quarter. And so that resulted in the total business running about 103% for the two-year stack. So we doubled the business over the last few years, and we feel great about that. We also feel great about the capacity that we've put down last year. Our pickup business was quite strained early in the pandemic as well as inventory availability. And over the last 18 months, the team have done a great job building more capacity into pickup and also finding new ways that they can ship customers. So when a customer orders from walmart.com, at times, we fill from fulfillment centers, other times it's from stores and sometimes it's a combination of the two, wherever the inventory is. And we try to keep the customer promise in mind ensure that we're fulfilling in the best way possible. So the mix of the business definitely shifted in the quarter. I think what we're seeing early in the third quarter, as I said, again, a strong back-to-school season, which would include apparel and brands that we've launched online. We've launched about 1,000 brands in the last year on online and feel very great about the potential those have. So we'll be positioned and ready, depending on where the customer shifts. Certainly, we're monitoring changes geographically around the country as it relates to the pandemic and the Delta variant, which are some of the things that caused the changes that happened last year in the first and second quarter.
John Furner: Well, let me talk about just general mix and business. Doug mentioned earlier that we're focused on changing the way of working all across the business. Really proud of the work that our product team and our tech teams have done in the last few quarters to ensure that we are ready for the customer however they wish to be served. And over time, what we've seen and what we'll continue to see is a really positive change in mix to the overall structure of the way we think about the business, our input metrics, our output metrics and our P&L. And those mix improvements are coming from things like advertising, our Marketplace, fulfillment services. Rental incomes are stronger in the physical environment, our membership income. And then as we said earlier, doing things like having software licenses and using Software-as-a-Service to others. So all of those are strong. And we did say that advertising just about doubled for the quarter, we're up 95%. And our active advertisers was up even more than that. So there is strength among the advertisers across the board and an expansion of our marketplace and fulfillment services will only enable future growth of the advertising business.
John Furner: Yes. Grocery was strong throughout the quarter. And as Brett mentioned earlier, certainly, there have been some benefits of stimulus and other programs that would have helped. I think -- what I think is most encouraging that I'm seeing inside the business is the capacity and abilities that have been built in the quarter by the supply chain network here at Walmart, along with our supply base and our suppliers. I'd like to say thank you to them as well because without them we wouldn't be able to do the things that we're doing in food right now. But the business, they're running record volumes through our supply chain network each and every week. We've seen extremely high volumes in stores. We've seen growth with our pickup business and with our e-com business in food. So all across the board, we're just excited about some of the progress and some of the product improvements that we've seen in categories like produce and meat. And the momentum is very helpful. So the share numbers are also positive. And I've said this probably three times, but it's important, and I'll just say it again, we are very encouraged that units are growing faster than dollar share in grocery.
John Furner: Hey. Good morning, Michael. Thanks for the question. Let me talk about food first. I think everything you said would be on the list of things that are helping, and that would be better pricing, better availability in stores, quality of product, supply chain again, my hats off to them for all the work that they've done in the last 18 months, but in particular, the last quarter, they have just performed very well. Also just a reminder that last year, we had shorter operating hours in stores across the country, in many cases. Some of our entrances and exits had been closed. Some of our peripheral services like optical and the auto care centers were closed to free up staffing to run the core pieces of the business. So I think in general, the entire business is positioned better than it was a year ago. Certainly, we'll react geographically and ensure that associate safety and customer safety are prioritized throughout this wave of the pandemic, but our team is well equipped to make the best decisions to be able to do that. As far as the Connect business, it's growing. We certainly would say that we're in a good position for growth now, but continued growth in the future, being able to double in the most recent quarter is exciting. And then the strength of the eCommerce business, including the Marketplace, is what enables that growth over the long term. We rebranded the business from Walmart Media Group to Walmart Connect last year, and that was just to make sure that it was very clear that this opportunity is going to help us connect buyers, sellers, suppliers and customers altogether in a way that's accretive to the customer experience. And as long as we do that, I will remain very, very bullish on the growth potential in this business.
John Furner: I feel exactly the same way. I think the combination of a digital relationship in addition to being local between Walmart and Sam's and our pharmacy network in over 5,000 communities is a big piece of the answer. And that could include having your entire session online, it could include what you buy in terms of your food and how you consume, it could include going to clinic. It also includes the pharmacists that we have across the network who have just done such an amazing job this year helping the country with vaccinations. And it's great to see them practicing at the top end of their license and they've made such a difference. So I'm really excited about what's coming in healthcare. I think we can make a big difference for our customers.
John Furner: That's right. That's right. And so much of health is really determined by social determinants of health, which a large part of that is what you consume. And being able to have access at your home to fresh foods as part of the program is really important. Oliver, your second question on market fulfillment centers, another area that I'm really excited about. And the big headline, I think, that is important is that we are learning very quickly how to use our supply chain assets, including local assets, upstream assets, distribution assets very dynamically to be able to move product and assemble orders in a way that is most efficient to meet the customer promise. And so these market fulfillment centers will help us not only with local capacity but they'll help us keep orders consolidated all the way to the point that they move into our last mile network, which is the Spark Network that we mentioned earlier. And the team led by Tom Ward are just doing a fantastic job building capacity capability. Just the other day, I ordered something on walmart.com at 10 in the morning. At 11:45, it was sitting on the front porch and have been delivered. So stories and the ways that they're learning to delight customers ahead of expectations is really unique, and it is an advantage of having so many locations locally around the country and the ability to scale this, I'm excited about. The automation is going to help. And next time that we're able to host you here, we should be able to show you a facility here locally that will be quite interesting.
Doug McMillon: Hey, Simeon. Good morning. As it relates to the most important strategic imperative, the thing that came to mind first was speed. I think innovation and speed may be together. We're trying to change the company. And as we've said to everybody for a while now, our purpose and our values are constant, but everything else is open to change. And we're becoming more digital. We're learning how to work differently. And the reason that I would have that at the top of the list is because that's what bears fruit forever. We've launched new businesses. We've scaled new businesses. A year from now, we're going to be doing the same thing. Five years from now, we're going to be doing the same thing. And so my focus, working with this team and with Suresh and everybody else, is to try and get into how we're working and increase the speed, innovation and productivity of the company. As it relates to putting money back in, I think we've been on our front foot for a while, and we'll stay there. And we're not going to give you any additional guidance today as it relates to capital needs or things like that. But as we shared with you back in February, we've got opportunities to play offense. We're confident in what we're doing. We like the assets we've got. I think some people view stores these days as boring, we don't. We love the business that we've got, and we love what we're adding to it. And if we see opportunities to be more aggressive either on the income statement side or the balance sheet, we'll take them, and we'll share it at that time.
Doug McMillon: Karen, this is Doug. I'll go first, and then Brett can chime in if he wants to. The business, it's interesting to think about it in terms of investment cycles. The business is always going to make investments and it's going to grow and it's going to grow earnings. And why can't we do those things at the same time? Why can't we invest capital in automation, for example, and increase productivity and have earnings growth to the degree that we should? We manage the short term and the long term. As everybody knows, we're a company that's particularly focused on the long term, particularly focused on the top line, we'll manage the bottom line. But I kind of would like to push back a little bit on this -- are you in investment cycle today? Will you be tomorrow? We'll be announcing investments all the time and you guys should expect us to grow the top line and the returns of the company over time as we do that. The business is changing shape. And I think that's the key. We're not just buying and selling merchandise in supercenters at this point. We're changing how the company is comprised. If you look at -- just imagine a bar charter revenue or a bar charter profitability, the mix is shifting. And that unlock, as we stick with it, creates a different financial equation than what we would have had years ago.
Doug McMillon: Good to hear from Kath and maybe, Judith, if you want to on supply chain challenges around the world. Sam faces the same set of issues, whether it's the tailwinds from stimulus or what's happening with supply chain. And you've got some seasonal categories where you can read sales earlier than we would in Walmart U.S.
Doug McMillon: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll get Judith to chime in here, too. It's exciting to see what's happened. And it hasn't been forced by us, but the world changed as it became more digital and the business models and the products we need to build, the work we need to do ends up being even more common than it was before it feels like. And so with the shift in the International portfolio that Judith has led, we find ourselves positioned, with the Flipkart investment in particular, toward more of a digital business and more of an e-comm business. I started learning about e-comm from food from the U.K. many years ago. Then we all saw China explode. Now we're living in a very different environment in India versus what we see in the U.S. And Walmex, Judith, has become more of a digital company and looks more like the U.S. in some ways. And so it's exciting to see a pure eCommerce percentage for International and for the total company grow. I think the story that gets buried there is that the business overall is becoming more digital in its mindset.
Doug McMillon: The only other thing that came to mind was the difference between input metrics and output metrics. The $75 billion number on its way to $100 billion is an output metric. We're focused on how do you do a better job with all the inputs related to omni. And that's hard work. And building digital products that marry eCommerce with stores takes more work than just building an eCommerce solution, takes more time, takes more complexity, but that's where the secret sauce is. And if we can continue to blur the lines so that customers and members can shop however they want to shop, whenever they want to shop, the output metrics that we sometimes measure of e-comm versus store growth, for example, they'll be what they are. But this quarter is kind of a good example of the fact that we can be somewhat indifferent. We're trying to build a model where we're completely in different top and bottom line as it relates to how people shop. And so I think we started that and still have a lot to do to deliver on that goal.
Doug McMillon: There's a lot of tonnage going through. And I'd just underline fresh. John mentioned produce and meat. The team, back before the pandemic started, had a rollout of something we call Produce 2.0, which improved the presentation of fresh produce but also capacity. So it was really well timed given what happened during the pandemic. And as I go into stores, produce is standing tall and has throughout, from an in-stock point of view, it's been one of the bright spots in terms of us being able to get product and display it well. And then Sam's Fresh performance has been really strong too. It's one thing to stay in stock on corn flakes, it's another on merchandise fresh and the teams have done a nice job during this period.
Doug McMillon: Oliver, the way that things get stitched together is important and being a large seller of food is helpful as it relates to the role that, that data and the relationship we can ultimately build with the customer relate to healthcare. And so it's exciting in the U.S., and I hope ultimately around the world to play a role in healthcare that helps people get high-quality care at a really good value in an accessible way, enabling them to take more control over their own health and their situation. And John will comment more on this in just a second, but the work we did to build some clinics has been helpful, and I think we'll have more clinics in the future. But the clinics aren't the thing on its own. It's how we stitch this whole thing together from telehealth in the role that healthcare plays in the home, on mobile devices, how you triage a customer when they start to interact with you to direct them to the place to get the right care at the right time. And sometimes that will include a trip to the store in the clinic. Sometimes it will be a telehealth experience that they have in their home or somewhere else. And so we're putting building blocks in place. It feels, John, like we've got a lot of ingredients on the table, including the addition of Dr. Cheryl Pegus, who's now leading that business. The strategy is increasingly clear to us. The pieces are on the table. We're going to need some time to execute it because healthcare is so local. And we've learned a lot about that in the last couple of years with these clinics. And so I continue to be really excited about the role we can play and I'm pleased with the steps we're taking forward.
Doug McMillon: Walmart+ can play a role in how food and healthcare come together. There's just so much opportunity. You can imagine what happens with data there, with all the appropriate privacy and protections in place. I think the future of Walmart+ just is kind of like this continuous burn for us where we add things to it, it becomes even more unique to Walmart. Of course, delivery is a big part of it, but there will be other components, too.
Doug McMillon: I want to thank you again for your interest in the company. And I want to thank this leadership team, and of course, our associates. This team is building for the mid to long term, and they're doing a great job of managing and performing in the short term, navigating a pandemic, keeping the stores in stock, serving customers and members while we change the business to be more digital, as I mentioned earlier, to get faster, more innovative, more productive as we build it. And it's actually a lot of fun. It's challenging. This continues to be a challenging year, and our folks on the frontline are doing a great job, but I just want to express my gratitude. Thank you all.
Brett Biggs: Yes. Thanks, Simeon. We talked about in February that -- at that time when we gave guidance for this year, we did it assuming there was no government stimulus. We've certainly have gotten some of that during the year, and we've benefited from that. We've been straightforward on that front. So as Doug said though, we've been front-footed. We continue to lean in. We're making investments where we need to make investments. There's nothing that we're pulling back on that we feel is important for the long-term value of the company. And as you look at the longer-term growth that we talked about, 4% type growth for the company longer term, I still feel good about that. I feel good about our ability to grow profit greater than sales as we talked to in February. None of that has changed. And we -- but we said it's the first year or two, year-to-year growth depends some on what we see on stimulus this year, which we've gotten quite a bit. So year-to-year, Simeon, we'll come out and talk about that. But longer term, I remain very, very optimistic about the company.
Brett Biggs: Yes. I was thinking about, Karen, so five years ago, almost six years ago now when we talked about that we needed to take the opportunity to invest in wages and eCommerce. And we were a little bit behind where we wanted to be in some areas. And now when we invest, it feels very offensive, feels like we're improving our competitive position. It's very broad-based. When you look at the results this quarter, as an example, of Walmart U.S. and Sam's Club and International, very broad-based, strong performance. And to Doug's point, I think we'll continue to be able to do both, grow top line returns, grow bottom line, while we continue to invest in the business. I think all of those are a critical piece of what we're doing.
Brett Biggs: Yes. Peter, it's Brett. I'll start out. I mean, we did -- we gave guidance in February that didn't include stimulus. At the time, we didn't know what's going to happen, so it was an easier way to give guidance. We've gotten stimulus. Given what's happened in the last 18 months, it gets pretty challenging to try to pick apart what things benefited what part of the business. We know we've benefited from stimulus. But the underlying business is really strong. John will talk about it in a minute, but what you see in our food business, which sometimes gets overlooked despite the size and the importance of that to our company. Back-to-school is really strong. So I feel good about the underlying business that I see regardless of whether there's stimulus or not.
Kathryn McLay: Yes, certainly. We saw strong seasonal sales through Q1, particularly in our GM areas. And that was certainly assisted by stimulus. But what we're seeing in Q2 is that same strength continuing. So whether we're seeing it in back-to-school and Halloween or fall, we're seeing our members highly participating in those categories. And we thought we bought aggressively. We wished we bought even more aggressively, I think there's a lot of upside in that space.
Kathryn McLay: Yes. So thanks for the question. I think we're proud of the comp of 10.6 this quarter, most proud also of the two-year stack of 27.8. Strength is coming through grocery, you're right, we're seeing that grow in the mid-teens. But I'd also call your attention to the GM side of it as well, too, because we were really proud to see the home and apparel business growing at the rate it's grown over the last few quarters as well. So some real strength coming through across the box.
Kathryn McLay: Yes. And I think we've started remodeling half of our fleet in what we call bold and blue, and it really makes the merchandise stand tall. And so I think taking away some of the clutter in the clubs and making the merchandise the hero has enabled our fresh sales to kind of continue to grow as well.
