Randall Stephenson: Yes, Dave. This is Randall. I'm going to start, and I'll let John supplement what I say here if there's anything else he wants to add. But what we have given you today is a cash flow forecast and plan, built around operational aspects that would allow us to do the shareholder returns that you heard us talk to today, particularly around EPS accretion and such. To the extent that we need to engage in spectrum acquisitions of some type, and I have to be cautious because we're in a quiet period here. But what I can give you confidence in, and what I'd tell you we now have confidence in, we developed a lot of muscle over the last couple of years, on cleaning up the portfolio. And I am very confident that portfolio cleanup and asset dispositions will more than offset anything we need to do in terms of spectrum acquisition. So what we're committed to is this capital allocation, this capital return plan, because we've been investing very aggressively over the last 5, 6 years to get us to this point. And I just think we're in a very seminal point, Dave, point where now it's time to reap the rewards of what we've been doing. And so drive margin expansion, get the 1% to 2% revenue growth, it's going to generate incredible cash flow. CapEx comes in, in 2020 as you saw in John's numbers and so begin to reward to shareholders these investments that we've been making over the last few years. So bottom line, we're committed to what we've laid out here in terms of capital returns. When we talk about M&A, we've said no major M&A. We like the assets we have. I mean this is really, across the board, a quality, premium set of assets. If we have to do tuck-in acquisitions here and there to supplement capabilities, like you saw the HBO LAG deal that we did Friday, the LA - or pardon me, the Latin American HBO property. That's a small acquisition that's immediately accretive, and it just supplements what we're trying to do in Latin America with our HBO Max product. And so you'll see those kind of things. But in terms of big M&A, we have no needs given the assets that we have right now.
Randall Stephenson: Phil, this is Randall. I think John mentioned it in his comments that in terms of the video losses, particularly around the satellite product, third quarter is the peak. Third quarter is -- we had a couple of significant blackouts in terms of content, and those blackouts drove some sizable subscriber losses. And then we had the cleanup that's been going on in the customer base in terms of prior promotions and so forth. And so we have pretty much run to the end of those. There's a little bit more of the customer cleanup that will run into Q4, but in terms of the losses, they will be significantly improved in the fourth quarter and get better as we move into next year. As you think about the product portfolio going forward, and you're seeing this in terms of the pricing moves that we're making. But as we get into next year, you're basically going to see our traditional satellite platform, which is going to have a long life. I mean this business continues to be really strong, generates a lot of cash flow. As I said in my comments, there's more than $4 billion of free cash flow a year and done $22 billion since we owned the thing. But as we get into next year, then you'll have the satellite then you'll have the software platforms. And AT&T TV is the standardized software platform, and that will be our primary vehicle for going to market, particularly pairing it with our fiber product and our broadband product. And then HBO Max becomes the workhorse for our video product as we move into next year. And all of the muscle, and as you can see and as you articulated, the range of investment is going behind HBO Max. In terms of are we comfortable with that level in what you called a crowded field, I actually think the field in terms of where we intend to play is not that crowded. We intend to play at a significant level, and we're starting with a product called HBO, which has a very significant position in the marketplace. And as you're going to see tomorrow, we're investing heavily behind that brand and bringing additional content to bear. And I actually feel very comfortable. And I think tomorrow, Phil, that's all tomorrow is about, is to get you comfortable that this is a unique product. This is a product that's going to be very different from anything else that you've seen in the market so far. This is not Netflix, this is not Disney, this is HBO Max, and it's going to have a very unique position in the marketplace. And I would tell you we feel very comfortable at these investment levels, that we can do something very significant in the market and drive some significant subscriber gains. This is going to be a meaningful business to us over the next 4 or 5 years. And we're talking a 50 million subscriber business and I'm really, really enthusiastic about this. So the video product gets really streamlined and simplified as we move into next year. Satellite and then software product. And then one of the big cost initiatives, and it's not inconsequential, is John Stankey is bringing the video platforms, the software platforms, he will be standardizing all of these. And as you can well guess, AT&T TV, we have a development and cost associated with that. HBO Max, there's a technology development cost associated with that. Putting these on a standardized platform over the next couple of years drives significant savings as well. So feel pretty good about the platform, and the numbers should improve as we move forward.
Randall Stephenson: I would actually just append a little bit into that. We're going to now have Bill Morrow and John Stankey heading up an initiative to take these costs out, that John just gave you the big blocks of what they will go after. These are two process improvement hawks. They are probably as good as it gets anywhere in terms of streamlining process, simplifying process and taking cost out. And as you look at this plan of the areas that I have the least concern that we will achieve, setting objectives to get cost out, to get 200 basis points of margin expansion, this is probably the area I feel the most comfortable with. And so there's some big target areas in terms of what we go after to take these costs out. This is stuff we do, and we do it really, really well. We all have a lot of experience here. The cost piece, it'll get done. I don't spend a lot of time worrying about that one. In terms of your question on WarnerMedia, when will John Stankey relinquish leadership of WarnerMedia, I don't anticipate he will relinquish leadership in WarnerMedia. It's under his purview of COO. And he's got a big job, and he has been spending a lot of time building his leadership team and getting the right people in the right spots and getting HBO stood up. I would tell you on the WarnerMedia side, I think what he has done over there in terms of building the team that's there, the hires he has made, Bob Greenblatt, you're going to get a full dose of Bob Greenblatt tomorrow, and as he launches the HBO Max product. This is an impressive guy. He's got great media chops, been around, a lot of experience. Ann Sarnoff coming in to run Warner Bros. I mean just a really, really impressive hire. As you think about WarnerMedia, I have no doubt he'll find the right person for that job as well. So feel really good about the team that John's assembling and I feel really confident about where he's going.
Randall Stephenson: We'll have some that are going to be quick hits. G&A, those are areas where you can generally get some pretty quick hits on cost. We've identified some of those areas. Product simplification, those take a little longer because as John said, you got to make some investments. You remember the last time, though, we took this on, it was probably 5 years ago. Andy Geisse led the effort. And that initiative over a couple of years generated almost $1 billion of cost savings. We're back at one of those moments here again. So I feel pretty confident there are going to be some big chunks of cost that we can get out of the 2-year time frame and some others that will -- we'll get them out in the 2020 time horizon. I think John - what we should just anticipate doing and what you should expect, Simon. We get Q4 earnings, we'll give you an update in terms of where we are at that stage. Bill Morrow starts, I think, today. I believe this is his first day. And so we do want to give him a chance to get his feet on the ground. But as we begin to put the plans together and develop them, we'll give you a status report on the Q4 earnings call and let you know where these are going.
Randall Stephenson: Yes. Thanks, Kannan. On the video product simplification, cannibalization or mix shift, I don't know how best to describe it, but obviously, as we roll the software products out and so AT&T TV and this Korean client product, we'll be rolling that out early next year. This is really a good product. And it will become -- for a live streaming product, it will become the workhorse. It's where the lion's share of gross adds move to over the next couple of years. And so that cannibalizes satellite, it replaces satellite. But we actually like if gross adds are coming in on that product, that's a good thing for us for a number of reasons. It's a much lower cost point to put in place with a customer. And as a result, it allows us to meet a much different price point in the market. And -- but with content costs continuing to escalate, these price points are pricing a lot of customers out of the live streaming product. And so we've just been very ambitious to get a new cost structure on our video product that allow us to get people back into the live streaming product. Our research says there are a lot of people that want a live streaming product, but it's just too expensive with the way content costs have gone. So this allows us to get another product in the marketplace at a lower price point, lower cost point, good margins. So that's point number one. HBO Max. HBO Max becomes our SVOD product of the future. And you're going to hear a lot more about this tomorrow. I don't want to steal Stankey and his team's thunder on this. But HBO Max becomes the SVOD platform for AT&T as we move forward into the future. And what you should expect is as we get into the future, this won't be day 1. But over time, that platform -- because of the platform through which we also deliver live stream TV. So you want an SVOD service, HBO Max, great. Over time, we look forward to bringing in live element into HBO Max as well. And so this thing gets more and more simplified and we ultimately get down to where we have two products: the traditional satellite, which will be there for a long time; and then our streaming product, which will be premised on the HBO Max platform. And again, you're going to hear a lot more about this tomorrow night, and I look forward to seeing you there.
Randall Stephenson: Yes. We would actually be open to that. So you should assume that, that's something we'd be open to. And not just cable guys, but there are a number of people in the reseller space that are reaching out. And it's just as John said, we got a lot of capacity now in this network, and we're at the point of evolution in this industry where we ask, how do you monetize most efficiently, capacity? And so we're going to look at all those channels.
Randall Stephenson: Mike, this is Randall. As we think about share buybacks and capital expenditures, actually, we're still going to invest at a $20 billion level next year. And that's, I am quite confident, will be, by order of magnitudes, the most aggressive investment in the industry. And we have been on a very aggressive plan for deploying fiber. And we put in a very short period of time 20 million locations passed with fiber. And we are somewhere between 20% and 25% penetrated in that footprint in the next couple years are going to be about penetrating. It's really about penetration. That doesn't mean we're stopping fiber deployment. 5G requires us to continue deploying fiber. We have business customers who have expectations and we deploy fiber into business locations. And what that does is creates capillaries that we then expand off of. And so you're going to continue to see the capillary of fiber in this company expand. It's just not going to expand at the pace we've been going on. It's been on a torrid pace. I would suggest it's been the most aggressive in the United States. Now it's time to reap the rewards of what we've done and let's go penetrate the market. As you think about the video bundles, the strong -- and this is something I find very encouraging. I don't think we've put metrics out on this. I think you will probably talk about it tomorrow. But the most powerful video bundle we have with our mobile business is HBO in terms of what it does to churn and retention. And the reason I think that's very exciting is now think about HBO Max and taking that product to a different level. And it's going to be something different. And now bundling that with our mobile business and the impacts on churn, we believe, are going to be very, very powerful. And so we're very excited about putting wireless with HBO Max. HBO Max is a natural bundle with our -- obviously our video business, whether it's DIRECTV or AT&T TV. It's a great bundle with our broadband business, particularly the fiber business. So we're really bullish right now on how HBO Max gets leveraged across the footprint. When you look at HBO today, keep in mind we've really only owned the asset, post appeal by the courts, since February. So about 8 months is how long it's been under our purview. In a very short period of time, AT&T has moved by order of magnitude into the position as the largest distributor of HBO. And if you look at the number two distributor, we're 62% higher penetrated than the #2 distributor. So we think HBO is a very powerful platform to bundle with our various distribution properties. And you turn HBO into HBO Max, it becomes even more exciting. So thanks for the question, Mike.
Randall Stephenson: So if I could, I would just close out by first of all thanking everybody for joining the call. Look, this is an aggressive 3-year plan. I got to tell you, this is a 3-year plan we've spent a lot of time over the last few months putting together. And as I keep saying, it's time to reap the rewards of the investments we made over the last few months -- years. And so it's a very exciting time for us. The capital allocation plan is very exciting, and we're really excited about HBO Max, and I'm really hopeful to see everybody here in L.A. tomorrow night to preview this product and see what we have to offer at WarnerMedia. So thanks again for joining us, we'll talk to you tomorrow.
John Stephens: Yes. Dave, just to put a kind of a numerical perspective. $500 billion balance sheet, finding 1% to 2% a year on a recurring basis is certainly a reasonable goal and something we have high expectations to be able to achieve. From a practical standpoint, we've announced two deals, Puerto Rico and the CME transaction was announced yesterday. They're going to provide about $3 billion in capital just next year, so we have a great head start to the deals that will close next year that will give us more cash, things that we've already gotten done. And you can rest assured we got more of that in process. And then with regard to spectrum, as Randall said, can't comment on the 39 that's underway. With regard to the C-band and the other future auctions, certainly we'll be interested. As always, we're interested in fair auctions that provide as much spectrum available to the marketplace and allows all bidders to bid. We think that's going to take some time, particularly with the C-band and the FCC. But certainly, we'd be interested. By the same token, there's a clear expectation we'll pay for it with asset monetizations on this balance sheet, that we have that opportunity to do that.
John Stephens: Thanks, John. Let me take the first question on the 200 basis point improvement in margins. Let me give a base case that we see -- now we are expecting improvement from Mobility. We are expecting improvement from Mexico. We are expecting improvement from the WarnerMedia cost synergies. With that being said, these additional cost synergies that we're talking about, I would categorize in just a couple or 3 buckets. One, I think you'll see product simplification. I think we'll see a big effort with Bill and the team working with John and everyone across the enterprise on product simplification. I think that should provide significant rewards. Secondly, I would tell you that there's still general administrative expense savings, and I think that opportunity continues to be there. You've got to remember that we've only got final court clearance on the Time Warner deal just 6 months ago, so we've got more opportunities in bringing that together. Third, the video platforms, Randall mentioned this, and the standardization of those platforms, bringing those platform cost and development and capabilities together not only is a great business result but also an opportunity. I think those are kind of 3 things I'd point to kind of real quickly and real briefly. We'll look at everything there are. Just like with the portfolio there's no sacred cows.  But to give you a just a more simple sense of it, about $180 billion of revenue, about $120 billion of COE gets us our $60 billion of EBITDA. If we can mine out 1% to 2% of our COE every year, that's in that $1.5 billion to $2 billion range. I'm not setting a target for ourselves, but you can give us a sense that, that really gives us some comfort with regard to that overall $6 billion EBITDA improvement, especially when you've got great progress in things like Mexico, great progress in Mobility, real improvements across the enterprise.
John Stephens: This is - Simon, this is John. Let me take on the share retirement question. First off, when you take a look at Time Warner transaction, it was about 1.1 billion shares. If you take 70%, it's about the 750 million range of shares. That's the communication we intend. I would suggest to you that we haven't laid out a specific time line for how much each day, how much each month or quarter. We're going through that process now, but I wouldn't be surprised if it is somewhat front-end loaded or at least front-end loaded in individual years. I would tell you we are very respectful of the commitments we made to get into the 2.5 range, and we're going to do that. And I want to make sure this doesn't change that, just like we're going to do this share retirement consistent with getting into that 2 to 2.25 times. Do feel really comfortable operating the business at that level. So it's -- and particularly in today's interest rate environment and our cash flow environment, feel very comfortable with it. But we're going to respect that and make sure we do that. With regard to the process for buybacks, this is -- as you can imagine, we're looking at everything from accelerated share repurchases to open market purchases to other transactional aspects. But I do think it's fair to assume that we would focus on trying to front end load or trying to do more earlier. And within a year, I do not expect it to be smooth. Additionally, within the 3 years, as I expect, we're going to be successful with this plan, we will see our stock price change. And as it changes, our dividend, cash cost of that equity gets adjusted downward. And so you have to continually evaluate the total cost and total investment and total decision-making process. It's a fairly direct decision-making process today, and we will continue to evaluate that. But that's how we're thinking about it and we feel very comfortable about getting it done. It's just a matter of getting the process implemented and moving forward. Nothing to announce on how many shares we may or may not buy in the fourth quarter, but clearly, the commentary we put out that says some share retirements are in the mix for the fourth quarter is a fair statement. Okay. On the cost-initiative side, I mean once again, I will tell you this. This is been going on for a while. We have been going through this process. Bill Morrow, we've been talking to Bill Morrow for a while. And knowing that we wanted to bring on someone with those talents and those skill sets. So we will give him some time to get his feet on the ground, but we expect him to hit the ground running. And we will have plans in place and identified opportunities already that we'll start operationalizing as soon as possible, many of those things before the end of this year. If you're asking about when they will show up in the financial statements and the cost synergies, the savings, I would expect that they're going to be somewhat back-end loaded. They won't all show up in the first year, specifically because there will be some investments and some time to get the plans put into operation. Within our $20 billion capital number, we've set aside some resources for those system investments and for those activities. So feel comfortable about our ability to get those done within this plan. But while as -- while we will show as much urgency as possible to get savings starting with day 1, I would expect that they will be certainly more back-end loaded as opposed to our buy -- our stock retirement program, which may be more front-end loaded.
John Stephens: Kannan, it's John. With regard to the buybacks and the EBITDA discussion. On the buybacks side, as I discussed before, the ability to get cash, get the stock in at very attractive prices from a cash cost of capital will be our focus, and I do expect it to be front-end loaded. On the EBITDA side, I would not use the term back-end loaded on the EBITDA side gains because that would just suggest to you this: Mobility is growing today and it will continue to grow in 2020. Mexico, if you look at -- and we expect Mexico to be EBITDA positive in the fourth quarter. And when we achieve that, we'll have about a $300 million -- just under a $300 million improvement in Mexico's EBITDA this year. And we expect that those trends to continue next year. If you look at WarnerMedia cost savings, the programs are already in place. John Stankey and his team already have those in place, and you see those growing next year. We've got a significant number of items that would -- that are propelling EBITDA improvement, which would propel our standalone EPS guidance that we suggested. The reason for next year being flattish, so to speak, on EBITDA margins is because we're making close to a $2 billion investment in HBO Max. That's the $0.15 to $0.20 that's on our schedules of EPS. So I think of it we're choosing to make an investment on a long-term product, on a long-term winning product that is going to be very important to us. So that's that aspect of it. As I said, we'll have some quick hits. As Randall said, we'll have some quick hits on the cost initiatives led by Bill Morrow, but the full scope of his ability to get all the savings is going to take -- is going to come in over years. But our EBITDA next year on a -- with, inclusive of, our $2 billion investment or in that range in HBO Max, is flattish. If you would take that out, that would be a full 1% growth in our EBITDA. That right there would be about half that growth, that 200 basis point growth we're talking about for the full 3 years. So this is a long-term investment, a good decision-making process like we've done with our acquisition of spectrum, like we've done with our buildout of our wireless network, like we've done with our fiber play. We believe this is a very good long-term decision.
John Stephens: No, thanks for the question. Let me try and go at it this way and ask Randall to jump in and help me out. First of all, with regard to the service revenue increases and the overall performance of the business, the additional spectrum capacity, the ability to put in new technologies like a carrier aggregation, typically it's got, like most kinds of technological improvements as well as this one-touch build opportunity we have with FirstNet, which just gives us a big lead in getting towers 5G-enabled and getting our network ready to be a national 5G network next year. Those are all the base of what we're doing. When you look at our postpaid business, you're right. We have phone growth, voice growth in the third quarter, 100,000. That's the best we've had in 5 years. I think it does have something to do with the quality of our network, the speed of it. I also think it has something to do with the great offers that we have and the efforts of our folks. You saw another strong quarter of prepaid. We're on track to take virtually our -- we're going to have a share of the prepaid net adds this year that I think that equates to the total growth in the market. So we're doing really well with our Cricket brand. It continues to be seller. We're seeing great churn reduction. That's going to help with revenue. We're in an inflection point with our reseller point. We had stepped away from the reseller business because of capacity issues. For the last 4 quarters, our reseller revenue's been essentially flat. So we're now moving towards it with this new capacity from FirstNet, we now have the opportunity to have a real growth from that reseller perspective where we're very interested in that. And then you continue to see what's happening with connected devices, IoT, and quite frankly with 5G+, the millimeter wave-based 5G services for businesses as well as our overall 5G services for businesses, feel really good about. Those are the things that are going to make up that service revenue growth. I would also tell you we continue to see customers buying up to unlimited. They're continuing to buy our quality insurance programs on their more expensive phones. And then on the nonservice side, you'll see the step up to 5G equipment, mainly handsets, particularly for us, we expect to be measurable in share. So you put all of that together, it's really, really very good. Those customer handsets will also bring some cost with them. But what they do, do is give us the opportunity to lock in that customer and refresh that customer and make -- and allow the customer to see this really significant network advantage we have. And so feel good about all those. That's how we're thinking about Mobility. At the same time, they're going through efficiencies and efforts. We'll look at product simplification, our offering simplification there, all of those kinds of things will continue to help keep margins heading in the right direction.
John Stephens: One last thing, Brett, on the capacity, I want to make sure. We have put in almost 60 megahertz of spectrum nationwide on a base of about 100. So it's a significant increase there. Secondly, all the technology changes, the carrier aggregation and others, have increased our spectral -- our throughput capacity significantly. And then this ability to one-touch and put up 5G. The conversion from a 3G network and some of our older -- or this 4G network into this 5G network is also going to increase. So we've not only got an increased capacity just from the spectral, that's the easiest way to think about it, but all the other steps the network team's doing is dramatically improving our capabilities. And so we have a significant advantage over our competitors and have an ability to compete because of that advantage.
