Brian Lesser: Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. As Randall mentioned, a critical component of the modern media company is a dynamic advertising business, one that can deliver on the promise of making advertising relevant, engaging and actually matter to consumers and make it work harder for advertisers and make it more valuable and optimized for publishers. I think about this simply. The course of the ad industry has been set by a series of defining moments. The rise of broadcast networks, the proliferation of cable networks and the pay TV bundle, digital advertising and its ability to target audiences, we sit here again today at yet another point that will define advertising for years to come. The pain points are obvious. Traditional advertising doesn't satisfy what both consumers and brands are looking for. Brands are frustrated with lack of access to data, lack of competence in targeting and measurement and non-transparent ad tech costs. The industry talked about video convergence, but no tangible examples yet have emerged to deliver a unified buy-side and sell-side platform. So while the timing for disrupting the ad industry is right, you must have the assets to execute, and there is no doubt that AT&T is uniquely positioned to lead this disruption. In our view, successful ad marketplaces must have two key assets: number one, its premium content. Sports, news, original programming, we love our position with Turner content along with the scaled portfolio of ad inventory. Number two is distribution. Customers dictate how and where they consume content. Likewise, a relevant ad marketplace must be able to reach customers where they are, whether it's a 50-foot screen in a theater or a 3-inch screen in your pocket. Number three is data. AT&T has access to expansive datasets on customer behavior and preferences. 170 million direct-to-consumer relationships across its wireless video and broadband businesses, 40 million set-top boxes, 20 million connected cars, and that's just for starters. But data needs to be activated to have value. We're building targeting and measurement capabilities that will bring greater value to consumers, advertisers and publishers. And number four is technology. Content distribution and data must be integrated on a best-in-class ad technology platform. That's the rationale for our recent announcement to acquire AppNexus. This is a best-in-class independent advertising marketplace supported by the best talent in the industry. We cannot wait to combine our teams and partner to make advertising matter to consumers. It is important to note we are not starting from a standstill. Both AT&T Advertising & Analytics and Turner have executed fabulously by using data and technology to fuel growth. AT&T Advertising & Analytics is consistently delivering double-digit revenue growth, including 16% growth in the second quarter. We will employ the same momentum and scale to deliver on our vision. So in closing, our plan is nothing short of leading the industry and creating a premium advertising marketplace across both TV and digital by quickly integrating AT&T assets, including AppNexus. It's this unique moment in time, coupled with this unique set of assets, that gives me confidence in our path forward. With that, I will hand it over to Lori Lee to talk about our Latin American operation.
Brian Lesser: John, I'll take the next part of your question. This is Brian Lesser. So you asked about milestones in the advertising business. I think it's important to know that we have posted a $2 billion advertising business outside of what we just acquired in Turner, and that advertising business was growing 16% in the second quarter. So we're already showing the value of data and technology on our advertising business. I think in terms of going forward, you should look for some things that we've already mentioned here in this call, number one, our ability to increase the yield on the inventory that we have now within Turner and WarnerMedia more broadly and also increase value to the firm but also value to publishers, advertisers and the consumers. You'll see us continue to develop the ad platform. AppNexus, once we close that deal, is an important milestone for us, but you'll see us lean in and develop additional technologies around that platform. And then third is our ability to partner with other media companies outside of AT&T. In some ways, our success will depend on our ability to attract additional sources of inventory to reach critical mass for advertisers.
Brian Lesser: In terms of - thanks for the question, Phil. In terms of timing, as John Stankey outlined, there are some things that we can do immediately and start to add value to Turner ad inventory, and that's already in motion. And so we think there's short-term value there in 2018. I would say in terms of the overall addressable opportunity, that's a little bit further out. We have work to do in terms of building the technology platform, but the good news there is because of the amount of inventory that exists within DIRECTV, also within WarnerMedia, we can prove out the value of AT&T data and the investments that we're making in technology plus the evolution of our direct-to-consumer relationship that John Donovan talked about. So I think we still keep our losses [ph] to really start to extract value from inside AT&T using our inventory across DIRECTV and WarnerMedia in 2018. And then in 2019, we're going to start to partner very effectively across other sources of inventory to bring value.
Brian Lesser: In terms of the ad load, so our objective, Phil, is not just to improve advertising as it exists today but to also improve the experience for consumers. We're in a unique position to do that because of our vertical integration because we have content and we have that direct-to-consumer relationship over a traditional television, over a mobile phone, over other mobile devices. We can start to do things in terms of innovating the ad experience. As an example, you'll see us start to introduce products across the rest of this year and obviously, the next year, where the consumer watching television has a better experience that is less interruptive. Imagine a DIRECTV customer watching the big screen on their living room wall and instead of seeing a traditional ad break, they see an icon on a car in a movie that they're interested in or in a show that they're interested in. And then we have the ability to create a seamless ad experience on their mobile device, which is on the coffee table or in their pocket, pause real-time content to interact with a better ad experience and therefore, deliver more relevant content to our customer and to the consumer more broadly. That has the ability, number one, to be a better experience for our customers and consumers, a better business for us because those ad units will generate a higher CPM and a higher yield and a better experience for advertisers and the media company representing the content. So that's really our objective, is to start to innovate because of our access to data technology and the direct-to-customer relationship.
John Donovan: Hey, John, it's John Donovan. I'll start the question on wireless and EBITDA. We've had now three quarters in a row where our year-over-year compares on subscriber growth was very good. We crossed over that all-important date, where we got a lot of the reseller stuff behind us. We crossed over that date for the unlimited plans. And you've seen a lot of momentum in prepaid, which has really become a really nice business for us right now. We're in a really good rhythm there firing on all cylinders. And so what we're seeing right now in this quarter, John mentioned in his opening remarks that we were stronger each month of the quarter within the quarter. We're starting to see us roll over some of those earlier events, and now we're beginning to get strength in them. And so because we - in the - each month of this quarter strengthened from subscriber counts, we also have some pricing moves, calibration of pricing, if you will, that made us consistent with our value proposition in the marketplace. So we expect that we'll have growth for the year and the EBITDA margins to improve.
John Donovan: Yes. Brett, you've been obviously watching our commercials. That whole idea and more. And so what we're trying to do is differentiate the product in ways that don't have to do with speeds, megabytes or rack rate pricing. And so what we're really focused on is product engagement. The value of any customer will be based on the combination of the price and the value that they use for. And that's why I would say, from a consumer perspective, our strength in consumer has been heavily in the bundling of video with wireless. So we see increased engagement. We're finding that people find a lot of value for it, and then we're kind of spreading the offers to fit budgets and engagement. And so you've seen that in wireless. And I would point out to you that, that pattern may look familiar in video, and we're trying to find various price points, engagements and content combinations that fit everybody's budget so that everybody views that they're getting value. And they do that not just by focusing on megabytes and pricing. So I think that it's not an accidental trend that we stumbled onto. It's actually a strategy that's centered in the DIRECTV merger that we were pushing in, and that fits very well with this next step with WarnerMedia. And our sister over there provides us a lot of flexibility. So I do think it's a trend. I do think that if we succeed - when we succeed, others will be -- will follow and make some of the moves in their own. And I think that right now we see the most important thing, which was engagement and customer delight for the product improving. And that, to us, translates to value, and we're going to price the value. And so I think the industry will continue, hopefully, to take - to look at that and we - rationalism result to that. So we're going to continue down this path, more of it rather than less of it and expected to be successful.
John Donovan: Yes. If you look at the churn, this year was again 3 bps up over. But I think that compared to the industry, we did really well. Compared to seasonality, we did really well, and the number that we're comparing to last year was our all-time low. So I do think that it's a strategy that's working for consumers and therefore, working for us. And that is the currency that we're after there because you could start to trade some things that customers value higher than the ARPU differential. So we are carefully managing this portfolio, same strategy in wireless and in video.
John Donovan: Sure. Thanks. So Dave, we had 600 days to think about this. And when you form your synergies, you deal with some of the straightforward things that John Stankey talked about. But we -- over the last year or so, as we started to put wireless and video together and saw the trend I talked about earlier start to manifest, we are learning as an integrated carrier. So I circle back and say, when we bought DIRECTV, remember, we talked about bundling up and a lot of skepticism about the value of bundling up versus it being just a price discount. And I got to tell you, you start to look at the economics of churn reduction and you start to learn how these currencies pass back and forth, you see the same opportunities here. You see -- because the killer app right now on broadband and on wireless is video. So as you start to look at what customers place value on and you move from buying and reselling or see us being completely out of that market and you go to owner's economics, we really have always had a good sense as to what customers are using and doing on our network. So to be able to value that into pricing and start to trade off these currencies that we learned over the last 3 years of how do you trade off an acquisition dollar for a dollar of content, how do you trade off a customer install cost versus a churn reduction, we've built some solid muscle now to know how those economics move around. So we are really thrilled about what the content business can mean for us in simple ways. Store traffic, our -- one of our wireless strengths is that our close rates in stores are up. We want more traffic in the store. If we have a tent-pole release from the studio and we can find a way to integrate in the stores and drive traffic, we found a synergy. So basic things that video does, like drive traffic and hours of consumption, become assets for us to acquire value in ARPU and retain customers, and we really are getting our strides to figure out how to move those currencies across franchises. So we're really thrilled about what this can do for broadband and for mobility.
John Donovan: Yes. Thanks, Mike, a lot of questions nested in there. I'll try to be brief and have you ask follow-ups if I missed anything. If you start with video margins, you see this at the beginning of the evolution of our products that we're trying to get them, as I mentioned earlier, into affordability slots where you get high engagement and therefore, high value for the money. One of the things that is -- it's not well published as you think about these ad stream count differentials, so you fit in the different viewing patterns. So WatchTV has a single stream product; the DIRECTV NOW having two with a pay up to three, obviously, the linear TV products, the satellite delivered and what we are going to be coming out with here in beta next quarter in the early stages, which is a broadband delivered version of it. Now all of a sudden, you'd have a whole series of price points. And so you saw the beginning of what we're doing to reshape DIRECTV NOW. DIRECTV NOW is a placeholder in the market until the deal was finished. A placeholder in the market, that product tried to do too much and too little. So we tried to stretch it down on price. We tried to stretch it up in value. But over time, we think that there will need to be - hit various price points and get the right package bundled in there so customers find value for it. So you saw the first moves that we added, vertical capabilities on top of it, a third stream. And when we got cloud DVR and enhanced the product, we put the price into the market rate for that price. So we've seen DIRECTV NOW. We just had a very strong quarter of DIRECTV NOW ads. So a highlight for you that when you net all of this drama out for a minute on sub counts, if we start there, we were 25 million subscribers when we bought DIRECTV. We're at 25 million subscribers now. Customers we lost in cord nevers and cord cutters, we replaced with products that fit their affordability range. We watched cannibalization closely. Roughly 15% to 17% on every given - in any given month is the cannibalization rate, but 1/3 of those are listed in our linear TV product. It's very likely to churn because of their engagement and where the costs don't fit. So we are watching that very closely. We're slotting these products into affordability and an engagement range where we get the value of it. And I'll point out to you how we procure content on WatchTV. And there's a variable nature to its cost. It is profitable and reasonably comparable to the traditional margins of the business on a percentage of revenue basis. And so the real question that we're learning as we go, once we get out of linear TV and get into open video, which is software-based TV, how much does the category grow because we're getting cord nevers, cord cutters, but also we're getting redundant accounts where it's becoming a personal video product, where a team with a more personalized approach can build a playlist and stack their favorites in a way that it becomes a one stream product that is a playlist that behaves much like music. So when you start to look at addressable markets, you look at the ARPU available, the margins and then you add the owner's economics, which is Brian Lesser getting higher CPMs and John Stankey having owner's economics on a portion of that video cost, now these margins start to blend up into much higher territory. So we look very closely at the blended margin and the movement between these rungs, all while keeping an eye to make sure our subscriber counts keep us at that 25% to 30% share player in the marketplaces. So that's how we're thinking about the strategies in the margins. And the last thing I'll point out is that on those lower-end products, on a revenue basis, I'll remind you that the acquisition cost is much lower because it's much more heavily a digitally acquired product and also, the stacked costs are lower. The cost to deploy, the cost to maintain is much lower. So over time, as we build those volumes up, those are products that will get scalable margins. I'll stop there and see if I missed anything.
John Donovan: And I would also say, just as we get more targeted, just sort of one way to think about it is a sports lover in the future is not going to be the segmentation. It's going to be a Red Sox fan, a Yankee fan who spends winters in Tampa. So these things had been acquisition tools over time. They're much more retention and engagement tools now that fit in that profile I mentioned earlier. And so we're going to really be trying to innovate on all of these things that are very segment specific, and I think you're going to see us really get creative in what we do going forward.
John Stankey: So John, let me just amplify the last piece that Brian gave. Data that we have had within the AT&T company applying to AdWorks has already been moved over into the Turner team to begin applying into existing inventory that we have using the same techniques we piloted in selling the two minutes of advertising that the AT&T team has across the broader inventory of Turner. So that's near term. That's not a milestone issue. That's, today, we're starting to look at those business cases and how we would do that. Teams have already come up with a variety of different initiatives around that, including - we found out that Brian had a great opportunity to do addressable advertising in the pharmaceutical space, and some of the pharmaceutical companies wanted 90-second avails. And he didn't have 90 seconds of inventory. So we're bridging Turner inventory with what used to be AT&T inventory so that we can have new addressable products to bring in. So that's - there's benefit to that data that's occurring now even without the broad mechanization and intelligence and platform work that Brian brought to the table that's just discussed. So on direct to consumer, what I will tell you is what we know about this space is it requires scale. And you mentioned that there's a number of different initiatives underway within the WarnerMedia companies, and they're all good within their own right. But they all generate what I would consider to be relatively small scale audiences, company our size. We want to be generating audience. It's in the tens of millions, not in the single-digits millions. And so the way I would think about our direct-to-consumer efforts over time is it's better together. So a lot of very strong brands in the family that generate interest among groups of audiences and on a stand-alone basis, they're not as powerful as they are when they're brought together. And you can assemble the genre of content and bring them together on one platform and one experience that aggregates and gets scale. So over time, what you should think about how we're going to approach the discrete brands that we have is ultimately unify them in a more consistent and more focused experience. It starts to bring some scale in. Still very important properties, they still need to be developed. We've got to get the formula right for them, but over time, we want to strengthen them to come together. In terms of your reference to the new cycles on HBO, it wasn't an interview. I think it was an internal discussion that was right to act, but I would tell you, I don't believe in it effectively characterizing what we are about. What we are about, as I said, is we have a tremendous amount of great projects already in the funnel that as the HBO team and Richard would describe it, they have not been in a position to say yes to because of constraints on certain resources. What we're attempting to do is open up those constraints on very high, top-quality projects that we think will balance out the schedule so that we have a more engaging experience with HBO throughout the course of the year. That will improve the fact that we can see, especially on the digital platforms, you have customers jumping in and out based on scheduling. And if we can smooth that schedule, we can drive churn down or improve retention and power additional subscriber growth. So I'm not going to give you the exact investment number, but the way I would think about it is we will make decisions to reinvest some of the efficiencies that we pick up from combining these companies together and running them at a little different fashion. We may get back a margin point or so in the near term as we grow the subscriber base as we reinvest in it. But it's going to be a very responsible investment and great projects we've already scoped out, we already have rights for, we want to get into the development funnel. And the team feels very, very comfortable that we can flex up on our development in a way that we think rounds out the schedule very nicely.
John Stankey: I would -- Phil, I would just comment that this notion of more innovative ad formats is critical. It's not just a lighter ad load. Well, that's important, and we'd like to achieve it. I think what we all understand is that viewing habits are moving away, in many instances, from the linear fee, and so my a goal working with distributors such as my partner here at the table who is a large distributor of my product is just also start to take these better software-driven platforms that they have and lay out more on-demand content for them that allows for what used to be linear content to be available and stacked and other formats and then attach to that the right kind of advertising that isn't loading that on-demand content with the same commercial loads but is also highly targeted and customized to the particular experience that the individual is going through. We saw how mobilizing and moving to TV Everywhere raised consumption of the traditional linear affair. I think we have another opportunity to take a fairly mature pay-TV product and extend the runway even further by being more aggressive in trying to incent the distributors to carry more depth in a library.
John Stankey: So I would tell you that our wholesale distributors remain a really important part of our product, and we want to make the product better to improve its performance for their businesses as well as the HBO brand overall. And as I indicated, we'd like to, for example, improve our term characteristics by getting a more complete annual schedule that has people fully incented to stay in the product and not jump in and out of it as various content comes and goes through the course of the year. We think we've got some good steps that we can take in that regard that will help our sub counts and continue to grow through our traditional distribution channel. I do believe that as we invest in the platform itself, the direct-to-consumer platform and improve some of the technical capabilities associated with it that our features that can be brought to bear in a typical OTT SVOD environment, that we can also increase the distribution of the digital versions of the product that go direct on retail. And so we want to run that play as well. I will tell you that I don't think that's a -- what I would call right now a step function change over the next couple of months, but we can incrementally get better on our current run rates by having some success in that regard. In terms of what other content can be paired with HBO and maybe a more broad offer, I think we have a number of distributors out there that have some great ideas around how they might want to match HBO to their particular content offerings. And as I said, I want to look at the depth of our WarnerMedia offerings that we have and get better together and understand how we can bring some of our WarnerMedia brands and our other curated options into a more focused direct-to-consumer strategy that I think, as we start to get our strategy together on that, move forward on it, you could see that step function increase in more retail oriented customers.
John Stankey: David, let me suggest -- I would flip your first question around slightly. I don't worry about scale and content. I mentioned at the outset of this discussion, we're going to do 70 TV shows to the industry this year out of Warner Bros. Didn't even talk about what the incremental number of series will be coming out of HBO, which is very unique, high-valued, premium content that's targeted. Our ability as a company to decide to produce content that scales, that matters is probably second to none in the industry, and that's at a rate that I'm not sure others operate at or are just coming close to that. I think the race is on for scaling customer bases, not scale on media content. We're on a good shape on our ability to scale media content. We have -- and we start with 170 million customer relationships in that race to have a scaled customer base to sell to. So I don't worry about that dynamic.
John Stankey: Well, let me all answer on behalf on the Turner side of things in sports and John can certainly address the NFL relationship on DIRECTV. The -- look, I view the right sports rights as being critical to our strategy over time. And I view the right sports rights with leads that want to participate in a manner that is reflective of how platforms are evolving and how technology is evolving and how consumers are changing their consumption patterns as being the right partners to work with. And I feel pretty good about the partners that we have at Turner and their flexibility to sit down and look at new models, new approaches to how they put their content in front of consumers, how they think about the importance of digital and their product and the speed at which they're willing to move around those things. Our advertising business is a healthier business with sports in the mix. I think you saw that in the second quarter numbers. Those were largely powered by the great performance of the NBA and a wonderful product that they have, and they're great partners. And so I think it'll be very important for us to continue to manage that portfolio and have the right mix of sports and general entertainment in our portfolio that's attractive to customers in the linear format, and we'll continue to do that going forward. Now that mix may change a little bit. Over time, different options may show up, but the asset test is going to be, I think, sports that are well received by customers, that are valued properly, that are flexible on how they work with distribution rights and technology and then working today's fast paced and dynamic society in terms of how they are consumed.
Randall Stephenson: John, this is Randall. It - well, this merger is different in terms it's a vertical merger. There are certain aspects of the playbook that you just heard John describe that they're going to be exactly the same in that it generates synergies and then reinvest significant portion of those synergies back in to your capabilities and your products. Direct to consumer and deeper HBO content, it's just part and parcel to that. That's no different to what we've done in the past, and you should probably expect it's going to happen here as well. Thanks for your question. Lori, we’ll take the next question.
Randall Stephenson: And add to Stankey's comments, the 170 million, add to it what John has over at WarnerMedia, when we talk about cnn.com being the most frequented news site in the world, you put cnn.com, the Otter Media, Bleacher Report together, there's another -- I think it was almost 200 million monthly users, unique monthly users on each of those sites. And so this is already a big scale direct-to-consumer business. And so now what can you do with HBO and some of the Warner content in terms of taking it directly to the consumer as well that add owner's economics that John Donovan just spoke of and then the ability to have owner's economics going across these platforms, pretty exciting.
Randall Stephenson: I don't know -- this is Randall, Mike. I don't know if there's much to add as it relates to NFL. I think John Stankey just characterized what it is that we look for in terms of what's important when we think about sports programming. And it's really critical when you think about our business, where everything is going, where John Stankey is going direct-to-consumer, where John Donovan is building platforms, better streaming platforms, where Brian Lesser's monetization opportunities for advertising are tied to streaming capabilities, those are probably our best opportunities. So finding sports programming that fits within those directions, where we as a company are going, are really, really important.
Randall Stephenson: Okay, very good. Listen, that wraps up what we wanted to cover with you this evening. I appreciate everybody joining us. What I would sum it up by saying is we've had a few months of distraction. And make no mistake about it. It's been a bit of a distraction for both businesses, the WarnerMedia as well as the AT&T side. That is behind us, and we are executing. And I feel like we're executing very well on the communications business side, the momentum it's gaining as you're seeing service revenues are up. Subscriber metrics are improving, margins are improving. I feel really good about how that team is executing. The WarnerMedia side, I couldn't be happier with the position that the company is in, the business is in, and it's going quite well. Our LatAm business, Mexico, it's going on all cylinders. It's been aggressive on pricing down there, but we are staying the course. We're competing aggressively. We're gaining a lot of momentum. It has a strong path and a good line of sight to profitability. And stay tuned on advertising. I could not be more excited about the opportunity here for advertising, the ad tech acquisitions we've made. So thanks again for joining us and look forward to seeing and talking to everybody again.
John Stephens: A couple of things, Simon. Thanks for the questions. First of all, beginning to - on the 2.5x by the end of next year, that's driven mainly by run rate with regard to cash flows, taking the cash flows above the dividend and paying down debt. Secondly, it is important to achieve the synergies, particularly the EBITDA boosting synergies and the growth that we're seeing and some of the growth that we're seeing in wireless and customer additions so that we get a higher EBITDA number. Well, we have normally planned for asset sales and constantly look at underutilized assets for monetization, for example, the data centers, the broadcast spectrum 600, which is a couple of billion dollars right there, we have under contract and waiting for approvals today. We'll continue to do that. If you want to give a scope to it, as of today, we have about $500 billion in total assets. And so finding a few more opportunities to monetize assets seems to be very reasonable on top of the things that we've kind of commonly done with regard to real estate and other underutilized business in spectrum. So that batch [ph], I'm not giving you any specific number on asset sales, but as we've proven this year, we're going to continue to do that. And with regard to EPS guidance specifically around the acquisition, I'll say it this way. First and foremost, the point is, is that WarnerMedia -- Time Warner, WarnerMedia, immediately accretive. Revenues, free cash flow, EPS, we've seen it already. So that guidance that we've given, we'd expect we're standing by that and continue to expect that and have started to prove that out already. Secondly, we're not going to give a specific guidance with regard to Time Warner's impacts, but I'd suggest it this way. If you think about $3.50 EPS range, for us, that means $3.40 to $3.60. And we just said that we expect to be in the high end of that range. So that'll give you an indication of using your own estimates, other's estimates, where we were, what we expected to be for the rest of the year. I will point out that the $0.02 we've got in the second quarter for two weeks was, as I said, uneven, and specifically because the NBA contract for playoffs, all that content was extended before we merged. The Golden State Warriors won the championship in June 8, so that content expense was recognized before we got the deal. So we have some higher profitability in those 16 days you might otherwise expect. But I'd expect profitability to continue no matter what. We'll give specific EPS guidance for '19 in the coming months. I would just suggest that we continue to expect this transaction to be accretive, revenue, free cash flow and EPS.
John Stephens: Phil, John Stephens, if I could add to that. I mean, want to point out Brian's humble here in that sense that he started getting 16% revenue growth on those ads, DIRECTV, U-verse footprint, possibility, those ads watched by the same people as the ones who watch the Turner ads. So we've got proof then this works. Secondly, when the AppNexus deal closes, we'll have the ability to take our internal activity and put it on that supply-side platform that will be within our control. So we are optimistic about the opportunities to get value out of the AppNexus platform. We've got DOJ approved forward. We're going to need to get [indiscernible] approved and hope to close it before the next time we speak certainly. But I'm optimistic about that, too, so probably a lot of things going and heading in the right direction.
John Stephens: This is John Stephens. JD, great job on that. I'll give it to you this way. First of all, Mike, we're not giving out specific guidance on margins on any of the specific businesses as I mentioned before, when I think Simon asked the question with regard to Time Warner's specific EPS impact. What I will tell you is this. JD talked about the fact we'll be able to move DTV Now's deliverables, cloud DVR, streams, pay per view, future data insights and other opportunities, it's going to provide revenue opportunities. Secondly, the fact that we've got the four products that are going to cut down on subscriber acquisition costs moving from a satellite -- the only truck that shows up now is now one of our trucks that hang a dish but maybe the UPS or the FedEx truck delivering that incline in the future. All of those things give us the expectations that we can see the margins continue to improve. As our advertising team continues to learn more and get more effective, those advertising revenues will help out on that entertainment margins. So all of those things are giving us optimism as we go forward. With that being said, we've got -- traditionally have tough compares with the NFL content so forth the rest of the year, so we're not giving specific guidance on margins for the third and fourth quarter. Well aware of the improvement in some of the stabilization of the operating contributions in the Entertainment Group, we're - we noticed that. We're aware of it. The team's working hard to achieve that, but we'll keep this process going to see overall improvement on a year-over-year basis coming in 2019, and that's when we expect to see it.
