Randall Stephenson: So, Phil thanks for that. And one clarification, Mike is here with me, I want to make sure I said this right. We expect to get to more traditional historic levels by 2022 or earlier. And I apologize if I said 2020. The correct number is 2022, which is consistent with the advice we've been giving every time we talk about the deal.
Randall Stephenson: Phil, we have been in discussions with the rating agencies, but we don't -- we haven't come to any conclusions. We are still in a give and take in that process and we'll continue that. I will -- so, I expect that this will impact their models. I also understand that they are also waiting for us to close the Time Warner deal and to update their models with the new Time Warner information. So, no answer yet, working on it, and we look forward to kind of continue those conversations with the rating agencies.
Randall Stephenson: Okay, Amir, I'll go first. I'll talk a bit about the video industry and how we think about it. But since the day we bought DIRECTV, we assume that traditional linear video would be in a declining mode since kind of the nature of it, OTT and the ability to consume video on mobile devices, we believe would be the trend and the way where things went, we wanted to be in the leadership position and facilitating that kind of consumption of premium video on mobile devices. And we have been in the leadership position in that. We have made an objective to ensure that we can transition. We run these transitions all the time, right? When you have technology transitions or business model transitions whether it's fixed phone service to mobile, whether it's a private line kind of service for business to VPN, whether it's -- you can kind of go down the list of whether it's feature phones to smartphones, we run these transitions and we think we're pretty good at it. As it relates to video, we are standing up a video product that we are convinced will give us growth in the video platform for the next few years, and that's our DIRECTV NOW. So, as traditional linear declines, DIRECTV NOW, we think can offset that and not only that, but our traditional linear video will be repurposed. You heard me talk about our next-gen platform that is home centric, a very thin client into the home. That will actually drive cost structure of the traditional video product down so that you could preserve margins in the traditional linear video as you grow in the over-the-top applications and video services. So, we're very bullish on video. As we look at the numbers, our consumers are consuming more value than they used to, not less. They're consuming it on different devices. They're not just consuming it in their home. They're consuming it on tablets and smartphones, and that's where we want to be. And so we're rather bullish on that, Amir.
Randall Stephenson: Yes, so Batya, it's good to hear from you. With regard to bundling on wireless churn, I can't give you a number of basis points, a precision amount of basis points in there. What I can point to is if you look at specifically postpaid phone, which is where the majority are really value-focused bundling is done, we're getting record levels of the low churn. And we attribute at least part of that to the bundling aspect. So, what we're seeing is working. That's the first thing. Secondly, we're also seeing what was a very high level, 700,000 increase year-over-year in smartphone gross adds and upgrades. It continue to significant level of BYOD devices. So, what we're seeing is with this bundling opportunity, customers are continuing to come back to us that have been with us for a while and your customers are coming to us. That's what resulted, not only the great subscriber gains for the quarter, but in some of that, if you will, impact on cost and margins. But when you look at the total profitability, we're very pleased with that and when you look at the churn impacts of that for years to come, you can understand why we make that lifetime value investment. So, that's how we're seeing that. With regard to the video products, we're seeing a similar -- once again I can't point directly as a measurement for basis points. But as I mentioned specifically with fiber, it's cut in half on the bundling. But on Wireless, we're also seeing lowered churn. So, that's been, if you will, very helpful to the overall business. But then when you put those multiple products together and it's not only the reduction service cost with the right to building and administration and so on and so forth, but it's also with that total customers and the ability to track all their services, we do see a long-term past-due greater value creation. That's how we're thinking about that bundling strategy, not on a day-to-day basis, but when you look at these, for example, going to turn on that longer term basis. Churn at these levels is implying 100-month and more lives for these smartphones, tremendous, tremendous opportunities. So, that's what we're looking towards. Lastly, we're going to be able to continue to cut cost. And as we continue to cut cost through virtualization and automization [ph], we're going to be able to continue to maintain. We have been on our path for the last four quarters of setting records in Wireless service margins and we chose this quarter to reinvest in our customer base. When you got churn at those sub-90 basis point levels, it seems like the right thing to do. And with tax reform and the other things that are going on in our business, we feel very comfortable that it is the right thing to do.
Randall Stephenson: David, I'm probably on the optimistic side of business spending, as you heard my answer to Phil's question. But as you just kind of look at fourth quarter up and down the business segment, it just -- wasn't just concentrated in one area, it was multinationals all the way down to small business. We're just showing signs of improvement. And so I find myself getting somewhat optimistic. The business spending is really going to accelerate as we work through 2018.
Randall Stephenson: On 5G, Simon, the used case I get most excited about is the opportunity to have nearly, a nationwide broadband footprint and it could be a fixed line replacement. The capacity is there, the performance is there, there's going to be full gigabit throughput. And so I get very energized on the opportunity over the next few years to actually build out a nationwide capability for broadband for both business as well as consumer. And so those are the ones, by the way, that from the technology is probably the easiest to scale and so forth. But as you begin to think about mobile solutions, we will be deploying mobile solutions in 2018 and it's going to be in 12 markets, that's what we've been doing. Think of this as a puck. Because, really, the thing is going to cause 5G to go slow more than anything else, it's just availability of handsets. We're getting the equipment manufacturing moving, we're getting the supply chains moving, we're doing the sell-side acquisition, we're doing all the build type work, but getting the handsets at scale penetrated into the market will slow things down. So, that's why we're going to be pucks in the first part of our deployment in these 12 market, so it is a mobile solution. But it's not going to be a handset. There's not going to be that many handsets available. We'll be pushing the vendors to make that happen faster. But we know how long these things take and how long it takes them to penetrate the market. As you think about other applications, the easy ones of that we all talk about is autonomous cars. And in fact, I just don't think those used cases work without 5G technology. It's all about low latency. People say 5G and you're thinking about speed. And speed and throughput is important. But the most important element is latency and having low latency 5G is the first technological innovation that truly gets us to low latency. And as we think about a distributing cloud environment, we think we're in a unique place to begin distributing the cloud capability into our infrastructure. Think of all the nodes, all the access points that we have in our network distributing cloud at that level, we can take latency to a lower level than we think, virtually anybody else, but it will be a competition, it will be a race and we'll see who gets there first. But the latency is exciting. The latency is also critical for as you think about super IoT, connected devices, and connecting everything. It's going to be important for virtual reality and augmented reality applications. So, we're taking this, to your point, used case-by-used case and that is what's determining our deployment and our build plans, our used cases and it's centered around predominantly these areas that I just articulated to you.
Randall Stephenson: So, a couple of things. We would expect to continue grow video customers with our DIRECTV NOW outpacing our linear customer counts in the sense of net additions. So, we do expect that. Secondly, I would suggest to you that the mix hasn't changed much. We're still getting around 50% of them from cord nevers and around 50% of cord cutters or cord shavers. Secondly, we are getting a disproportionate amount of those customers being multiple dwelling units, millennials, and others -- specifically those two groups and we're excited about that. So, as we move through the process we'll continue. We still haven't seen a dramatic uptick in customers that are shifting from our full value product to the DTV NOW, but we continue to watch that carefully and continue to come up with different ways to make sure we can prove that and track that. But in kind of total video customer base, we do believe we have the opportunity to continue to grow just like we did in the fourth quarter.
Randall Stephenson: Yes, I get it. Look tax reform changes everything as it relates to capital allocation, Matthew and if I understand that as well as anybody. But when you're suddenly looking at your after-tax returns improving by 20% roughly, it just changes how you think about your investment thesis. It changes the profitability equation on fiber as well as 5G and how you think about rural and how you think about FirstNet. And so it gives us the ability to consider starting to push our fiber deployments faster and further. And it's early. It's hard to say what it will mean as you own a media and entertainment company. But how does it affect the decision-making as it relates to investment in premium content, as it relates to direct-to-consumer distribution and how fast you go in those regards. So it's -- we've been planning for this for quite some time. But now that it's here and it's real, we're going through, we're digging in, and ask what are these projects that we want to be investing in and these initiatives we want to be investing in that could continue to drive growth over the next five or six years and let's take advantage of it.
Randall Stephenson: My outlook for wireless competition is that it will continue to be intensely competitive and we don't see that changing. How people are competing has changed somewhat and how we're competing is changing quite a bit. I'm not going to go into a lot of details because we made some moves in the fourth quarter and you're going to see those continue into the first, second, and third quarter. We think are going to be very effective and has been very effective in the marketplace. But I'll call it smarter competitions, smarter way in approaching our customer base and in accessing new customers. We believe very strongly that combining video with our mobile product is a really important element. And you will see us continue to do that. But actually, probably take it to new and different levels because it's proving so powerful on churn. We're also getting to place we've learned enough that is becoming very powerful as it relates to customer acquisition. And so combining video with wireless is a really important driver and you've seen some of the industry begin to make moves to mimic that, which is usually an indication that you're having success and so you'll see more and more of that. But it'll remain competitive, but we feel really good about how we're set up, what we're doing in the marketplace and that we'll continue to even take that a step further as we move through 2018.
Randall Stephenson: Very good. Thank you, Scott. And listen, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. 2017 was a truly unique year for American business, U.S. business. And I think 2018 is going to prove to be a really good year for the realization of the implications of what was done in 2017. And I think the consumer is going to be better off, I think wages are going to be higher as businesses invest more. And as a result, AT&T being a very U.S. centric company, we think we're going to have a good year ahead of us as well. So, again, thank you for joining us and look forward to talking to you next time.
John Stephens: Yes, Phil, on the capital spending and investment that you said specifically in telecom. We track with this gross fixed investment. If you look at business, gross fixed investment anywhere in the world, our services tend to track with that. Fourth quarter was like a number we hadn't seen in quite some time, gross fixed investment; I think it was over 6%. It was a very, very strong number. Around here, how do high-fives when we see those kind of numbers, because that's usually an indication of general spending, because when businesses spend more capital, they generally hire more people. When they hire more people, they spend more capital. And so, specifically, you'll see businesses adding people, and those people have to have computers, they have to have machinery, they have to have broadband connections, they have to have mobile services, they have to have data connectivity. And so that is a metric we watch closely. The anecdotal evidence, and it's purely anecdotal other than the gross fixed investment, is strong. People are talking about investing more. You've seen announcement after announcement, company saying they're intending to invest more capital as a result of tax reform and so that is our expectation. I think history is a very good indicator of this and when you talk about when you see Apple talking about investing in more facilities and manufacturing in the United States, for a company like AT&T and anybody in our sector, that's a good thing. So, we have pretty good expectations at the B2B side of our house, our enterprise business side could catch some tailwinds. We don't have that build in the guidance we've given you because it's just too early right now. But I'm very optimistic that we're going to overachieve most economic assessments of 2018. You're finally starting to some economists get out there and very bravely just talk about 2.7% growth; I think that is very low. And if we don't have a three hand on economic growth this year, I'll be sorely disappointed and surprised.
John Stephens: Amir, with regard to legacy or the linear TV product, think about it this way. First of all, key strategy is the bundle. When we are bundling with wireless or when we're bundling with broadband, we're seeing significant improvement. We mentioned that we've got another 170,000 homes this quarter that we've got bundled with wireless and 700,000 wireless customers that were bundled with our satellite TV product. That bundling allows us to have profitability from that combined account. It also creates higher value, lifetime value for each of those customers. When you see us bundling with fiber, what we are seeing is a churn ratio rate that's about half the standalone satellite or video product churn. So, as we expand the fiber to 14 million over the next two years, you'll see us have tremendous opportunities to bundle with video. So, that is great. In addition, we expect to pick up whatever video losses we have and more than that with DIRECTV NOW, and Randall spoke -- just spoke about the aspects of that, that opportunities to improve the revenues profitabilities and the reach to that. And the last thing I'll tell you is with where to our satellite product. We're going to continue to serve what you might consider non-urban or non-suburban America, rural America. We're always going to have an ability to do that on a combined basis with our great wireless service and with our satellite TV process -- products such that we can continue to provide those who lives outside the city limits, so to speak, great quality, great choice. That's how we're thinking about the business. But as we've shown over the last two and a half years, that's all based on a relentless obsession with cost management and continuing to improve the cost structure. And while the advertising opportunities are there for DTV NOW, there clearly also there for our traditional linear TV product. So, those are all the things we're working on. Is it going to be easy? It'll be challenging. But as Randall said, we've been through this time the transition many times before, and we feel up to the task of working through it.
John Stephens: So, what I'd add to that, Batya, that there's probably no more powerful driver of margins in our industry than low churn. So, you think about what drives low churn. There are two big drivers. Customer SAT is the number one driver of lower churn. But the second is multiproduct bundles with our customers, the more relationships they have with this on different products, the more powerful the driver of churn is. And so that's why we relentless focus on both of these. But the multiproduct services are the second biggest driver of churn improvement that we have.
John Stephens: Let me answer to this. Low single-digits, if you want to pick 1%, 2% or 3%, I'll let you do that and $0.08 of those items that I talked about. When you add them altogether, those items are total about $0.08 of net pressure. That's depreciation, the other three were $0.14 a pressure, net $0.08 of pressure that we're observing. So, just to be straightforward with that.
John Stephens: Yes, let me with the enterprise business. We did not, as I mentioned in our guidance that our basis for our guidance. We did assume a dramatic shift in the GDP. We certainly expect continued investment, as Randall mentioned. We expect that to turn into orders, we just didn't know when and so we haven't modeled that in. With regard to the most recent activity, we did there were some management actions, the team took we saw some improvement in our trends on our legacy revenues and some continued positive growth on our strategic services. If that continues and we can continue to pressure that through the year along with some tax reform initiated demand, there's an opportunity for us to do better than what we've modeled, better than what we've given in the guidance. So, we are hopeful and we're watching and we're going to be careful with that. With regard to the items, David, with regard to 2018 and the operational side, improvements in Mexico, continued strong performance in Latin America, we'll continue to see some pressure from legacy revenues like wireline voice and then some early challenges with wireless service as we lap the first year of unlimited and then a movement towards voice service revenue improvement in growth. Those are the things that are going on in the business. One thing I will point out. Remember, about $0.05 of the pressure for next year is going to be an interest expense. That's a below the line item. That's from -- no longer capitalizing the interest expense regarding the spectrum we're going to put to service with the FirstNet. That was part of that $0.08 that I was talking about. So, while we're not giving specific guidance on margins, or on EBITDA levels, I want to make sure I give you is much color as I should to your question.
John Stephens: Yes, I'll just say it this way, you have to have good solid performance in the business to overcome those pressures and to still come in that mid-single-digits -- or excuse me, come into low single-digits EPS growth. You have to have strong performance in the business. And the biggest item that is on that EBITDA -- two big items that we talked about. One, depreciation, which we've laid out and then two is the interest expense. Those go in large margin to offset each other.
John Stephens: Exactly our plan, Amy. We'll grow our TV customer base is the expectation. And as we continue to mature the DIRECTV NOW platform, we think we can actually do better. The new DIRECTV NOW platform has a lot more functionality. So, once you get cloud-based DVRs and you can put a third stream, now all of a sudden, you're entering a new marketplace with those as well and getting new functionality, we think we get higher penetration. So, we're actually very bullish on DIRECTV NOW. We think convinced economics will continue to improve as we move over the next couple of years.
John Stephens: Now, we are expecting more money on fiber to accelerate the process and achieve our goals and then we'll have the opportunity to look to expand. Secondly, we are, if you will, excited about and I think the team is working very, very hard to achieve the FirstNet goals and even exceeding the goals set out by the FirstNet authority. That's a really positive thing for us. And while we were interested in doing that for some time, tax reform and the cash generate, the cash savings aspect that provide us that opportunity -- flexibility to go after that even more. So, those are two areas where I think you'll really see us utilize the benefits of the new tax laws.
John Stephens: Scott, on the ARPU side, let me first make sure we're clear with regard to rev rack and the adoption of it and it's an unusual accounting change and then it's a flash cut. So, couple of the changes include regulatory fees, USF [ph] which we can't a service revenue today. And then also, in the expense line, they'll be netted. So, ARPU will come because we're pulling back out. Secondly, there will be some of the service revenue that's called service revenue today we'll get allocated to equipment revenues in the future for that small number of situations where we still subsidize equipment. Once you take that into account, you will have comparable ARPU and I just want to make sure everybody knows that. With regard to the opportunities for ARPU, I think about it in a total profitability situation, not just in an ARPU situation. So, we certainly are looking to do as strong as we can on ARPU and as many services. But as Randall said at the beginning, we're relentless on this lowest cost per megabit provider. And as we get to that, we can be very successful with things like prepaid or other alternative levels of ARPU. My only point is that though we bundle with regard to video and broadband wireless together and we get great ARPUs from those, there will be situations where we will look to accept lower ARPUs like in prepaid. And because of the very low cost structure, because of the billing, or general administrative cost, because of opportunities to maybe get that analytics value out of it, we'll be able to still be profitable, or we'll be able to expand the base of customers and be able to make more total profit that way. So, that's one of the reasons why we're not giving EBITDA margin guidance, is because we want to focus on this total cash, total profitability position. So, our ARPUs will continue to be measured relentlessly and we'll continue to analyze of them in the same way. I want you to understand that we're really focused of that total service revenue growth, total revenue growth, total profitability as opposed to just any one aspect.
