Rick Lindner: First of all, on cash flow, one of the things we're very, very pleased with is the cash flow performance over the last 18 to 24 months. We've had a lot of focus and had just terrific results on cash flow during a period that, as you all know, has been very, very difficult economically. That cash flow has given us the ability to continue to invest in the business through capital expenditures. We made also some significant purchases of Wireless Spectrum. We closed two very nice Wireless acquisitions. And so all of those things have helped us position the business going forward. In addition to that, we have paid down debt, and we brought our credit metrics back into the top end of the range. That represents our target range. So going forward, that does give us some flexibility to use excess free cash flow after payment of dividends for things other than debt reduction. And we're certainly going to consider those options. And one of those obviously is share repurchase. In terms of the guidance going forward, as you noted, we will probably see some degree of acceleration potentially in upgrades of iPhones from fourth quarter to third, as the iPhone 4 availability continues to improve from a supply standpoint. But I don't think that will have a -- it certainly will have no impact on the total year results. And our total guidance for the year may have a bit of an impact in 3Q, but I think it will tend to be more modest.
Rick Lindner: Sure. Well, first of all, on Wireless margins, I think some of our LANs [ph] from a force standpoint are probably a bit more front-end loaded for us this year, but we'll see. And it really will be determined by how volumes and what kind of demand growth we see as we go through the second part of the year. And again, the big drivers of the margin improvement are the to things that we talked about. So our biggest expenses, first of all, are force, wages and benefits and then access expenses. And so those are the areas that we have focused on and we'll continue, obviously, from the improvements we've made in our benefit plans, from the reductions we've made in force. We'll continue to see those benefits as we go forward in the second half of the year. Wireline, as you know, is also going through a significant transformation in products from voice to video and data. And what we're working very hard to do is to manage the margins and the profitability of that mix of services as we make the transition. And to do that, we have to continually monitor and migrate costs out of services and areas that are declining ago, and we need to continue to improve margins in the data services and the video services that are growing. So it's really working both ends of that equation, and we've done a good job up to this point. And my expectation is we'll continue, as we go in the second half of the year, to be able to manage that and maintain those margins in the kinds of ranges you saw in the first half of the year. The other question had to do with business sales, and just let me be clear. When you look at the trends over the last three or four quarters, we are seeing some improvement in three or four of the economic metrics that we believe are important relative to our business revenue trends. But that improvement is, I would characterize as being modest and slow. And the economic trends are, first of all, in unemployment, where unemployment continues to be stubbornly high. It's improved a bit, but not seen, frankly, much movement there. We are seeing some improving trends in industrial production. Again, slow and modest. We are seeing some improvement in business formations at the low end of business, and so those are also helpful. But overall, what I'd characterize in business is we expect going forward, in the remainder of this year and as we get into 2011, a steady improvement. But it will be a slower improvement. We're not anticipating any kind of V-shaped recovery, if you will. One other thing I'd add in business, and this is also important, we've talked about this in the past is, the business group as well as our operations folks had done a terrific job in managing the cost and the margin side of supporting business customers. So as we've gone through the last 18, 24 months, our fully allocated margins in business have stayed very stable. And in fact, in the last couple of quarters, we've seen a bit of an increase in margins on the business side. And that's been encouraging to us. One of the things we've talked to you all about is our belief that the things we have done on the cost side will allow us to leverage that cost structure and gets some margin improvement as we started to see some continued improvement in revenues. And I think we're seeing a bit of that now.
Rick Lindner: Sure, Jason. First of all, on postpaid ARPU growth, we continue to be very pleased with the performance. And obviously, it's driven by data revenues by growth and the penetration of integrated devices as we talked about in the presentation. We continue to see good results there, and we continue to have upside potential. I believe that integrated devices at some point will get up into the 70%, 80% range of the base, maybe higher. It's just the direction that the market is going. It's very early on the tiered wireless data plans to really give you much in terms of the results and how that will impact the trends. I'll tell you on kind of a macro basis, I think what it will do is it will put a little bit of pressure on ARPU and data growth in the near term as some customers migrate down to some lower price points. But obviously, it puts wireless data in a much better position and provide some growth opportunity going forward. I don't think it will dramatically change the trajectory of ARPUs or revenue growth, but it may reduce the growth rates a bit as we go forward over the next year or so. The early results on the tiered data plans though have been I think pretty encouraging and on balance, pretty much what we expected. We have seen some migrations of customers from a $30 unlimited plans down into the lower tiered plans. But the migrations at this point have tended to be at kind of the lower end of our range of expectations. And originally, to be honest, we had expected virtually all of those customers to migrate down to the lower price point. And in fact, we've had a portion of those customers more than we had expected migrating but just migrating to the $25 plan. So from an ARPU perspective, all of that is a bit better than we had expected. On the other side, we are seeing nice growth in terms of customers that are now upgrading to integrated devices and moving into the lower tiered plan. And so I think we are seeing the benefits of lowering the point of entry so that customers can move into the integrated device, begin to try the data services. And we believe over time, based on how much data they use, they will then begin to migrate up to higher tiered plans. So all in all, I think it's been within our expectations. With respect to acquisitions, I would tell you that while we have looked at international opportunities particularly with respect to some emerging markets, when we look at those kinds of opportunities, we look at a number of factors including the cost, can we produce value to shareowners based on that investment, what the market structure is like and what partnership opportunities are available. And finding the right opportunity there is very difficult. So I believe the Chairman's comments in the article you were talking about really pointed to the fact that we haven't found opportunities there that we feel are the right fit for us. Generally, if we were to make an investment in most cases, we would want the ability to have substantial control over operations, although the one area that has been very successful for us, and that we're very pleased with, has been our relationship and our stake in América Móvil, which has been I think a good way for us to bring some emerging market exposure into our mix.
Rick Lindner: Sure, David. As you noted, we've done a couple of divestitures. And as you would expect from us is, I think every company does, we are continually looking at our portfolio of assets and products and services and looking at areas that are not as strong a fit for us or not as closely tied to our strategies going forward. And when there are opportunities at the right prices and the right terms to make some divestitures there, we will. But that's just part of the ongoing process of looking at the portfolio of assets that we have. The rural properties are interesting in terms of looking at those, because a couple of things that they do for us is -- our business is scale-related. And so when we look at those properties, they tend to produce pretty good cash flows, and the direct costs are relatively low related to many of those properties or they are shared across our total infrastructure. And so we continue to look at opportunities there to strengthen the position, to increase and improve our broadband capability, to utilize our relationships and commercial agreements with satellite to bring a full bundle of products into those territories. And we'll continue to look at what makes the most sense for those going forward, but there's nothing imminent with respect to those. And in terms of the discussion about satellite, and our businesses has gone on for many years. And there are always, again, are advantages of scale and the ability to leverage the size of customer bases to reduce content costs. But in all acquisitions and opportunities, you look at what are the financial characteristics and opportunities and can you create value. And obviously, as we've gone up to this point, we felt very good about the path we're on. And as you heard today, and as you see again in our results, you continue to see the growth in the U-verse platform. And the strength of that, frankly, is in its ability to provide voice, data and video, a full bundle of products all over a common infrastructure. And so we'll continue to push down that path. And you see the results. You see the improvement it's making in our consumer business and our consumer revenue trends. And so I think we're looking at all the right things. I think we're following the right path with respect to that consumer business.
Rick Lindner: Sure, Phil. You are right. They've only been out there, at the longest, a couple of months, and so not a lot of history at this point. What we do see is that, first of all, in the quarter, we did 400,000 to 500,000 iPad 3Gs over that two-month period that we're activated on the network. The majority of those, probably in the 75% to 80% range, come on at the higher data package. So originally, some signed up at the $30 package, and then as we introduce our tiered pricing, they're coming on at the $25 2 gig level. And overall ARPU so far, again, it's very early on -- in the same range as our prepaid base kind of upper 20s to $30 customers. And usage patterns are about that we've expected so far, which is above our typical iPhone customer but less than our typical LaptopConnect customers. So in all respects, I think the iPad numbers, metrics, ARPUs, volumes have been in the ranges that we expected. One thing that's been encouraging and a bit surprising so far is the level of interest from business customers. And when we first introduced the iPhone, the businesses and in particular, CIOs of our business customers, were reluctant. And they kind of push back on bringing the iPhone into their infrastructure. And over time, that's, as you know, has changed dramatically, and now we have businesses that are developing applications and putting their own applications and content down on the iPhone base within their companies. And so that's evolved. Well, right from the beginning with the iPad, we've had a number of our business customers expressed interest. A number of them had trials going on. They see a lot of opportunity to use the iPad within their business. And in fact, right before the call, Brooks and I were just talking. And she has downloaded -- as you go through earnings, we produce a lot of paper, obviously, with presentations and backup materials. She's got all of that downloaded now on her iPad. So I think we'll be doing much more of that going forward. And that's just an example where people see the opportunity, businesses see the opportunity, in many cases, to use the iPad potentially in place of laptops for many of their people that travel. So it'll be interesting to see how the product evolves. But so far, it's been very good.
Rick Lindner: Sure, Tim. First of all, in CapEx. CapEx, we're right on target and plan through the first half of the year to be in the $18 billion to $19 billion range that we guided to. As you know, we said at the beginning of the year, we expected Wireless CapEx to be up a couple billion dollars this year. If you look at first-half results, I think Wireless CapEx is up about $1 billion during the first half. And so, again, we're right on target with that. We're seeing in some areas may be a bit more demand than we had in the original plan, but not enough to change our guidance or total CapEx for the year. So I think everything this year is right on target. We're in the very early planning stages to update our plans for next year. But on a macro basis, what I would expect at this point as we look forward over the next few years is that overall, we'll continue to be in a similar range, kind of lower teens as a percent of revenues. But you will see some continued shift in our CapEx between Wireline and Wireless. Obviously, as we get to end of next year, we'll be ramping up our initial $30 million home build on U-verse, so that will further bring Wireline CapEx down a little bit. On the Wireless side, we'll be rolling out LTE. So you will continue to see a bit of a mix shift there. But overall CapEx, I would tell you, as a percent of revenues, in ranges pretty consistent with what you're currently seeing. In terms of earnings guidance, as you said, we've had two very strong quarters to start the year with double-digit earnings growth. As you know, it's a volatile environment out there, and we can't commit to you double-digit earnings growth every quarter. But the first half of the year has given us confidence and visibility into what we can do, both in terms of revenues and margins in the second half. And I think we'll continue to have the opportunity to post strong earnings growth in the second half of the year. We've got a couple of things that will be different from the first half. We will incur some costs as a part of the acquisition of the Alltel properties. And as you know, the majority of customers there, we acquired 1.6 million customers. The majority of those are postpaid, about 1.4 million, and the majority of those customers overall are CDMA customers. And so we want to, as quickly as possible, build out the GSM networks in those footprints and convert that base to GSM. And there's a cost associated with doing that, so you'll see some impact from that in the second half of the year. And as we talked about on one of the earlier questions, as we go into third quarter, we'll have a bit of an acceleration of some upgrades to the iPhone 4. But overall, as I mentioned in the presentation, versus where we were at the beginning of this year, better visibility into earnings growth and more confidence in earnings growth as we go through the second half of the year. Folks, if I can, I just like to offer a couple of closing comments. And first of all, I want to thank all of you for taking part in the call today. And I just like to emphasize first that, again, we delivered another strong quarter of financial results, with consolidated revenues up year-over-year and sequentially. Our margins were strong and growing with expansion across the business in Wireless and Wireline and consolidated, and this drove double-digit earnings growth for the second consecutive quarter. Secondly, we continued our momentum in Wireless, with double-digit service revenue growth and our sixth consecutive quarter of postpaid ARPU growth. Also, delivered substantial year-over-year Wireless margin expansion even with a record quarter in terms of iPhone and integrated device activations. And third, we continue to execute well on the cost side, while efficiently managing the business. And this helped us deliver solid margins and strong free cash flow and put's us in a great position to continue delivering good results in the remainder of this year. And we have a fundamentally positive outlook for the business long term. And near term, feel good about the second half of the year. Our job now, as I've mentioned before, is to continue to execute and deliver those financial results for you. That's where our focus is. I want to thank you again for being on the call, and as always, thank you for your interest in AT&T.
