John J. Stephens: So, John, let me take the first question. First of all when we came out with Unlimited – when Unlimited came out in the plans, we've got really smart customers, very direct, very simply we have real smart customers. Those that had overages quickly went to the Unlimited, and that's what generated some of the service revenue pressure. It's also generated high satisfaction and low churn, but it did generate some of the service revenue pressure. What we're also expecting is that some of the customers on some less expensive bucketed plans will buy up to the Unlimited plans and generate some revenue increases for those customers for us. That will come over time as data usage increases, as the capabilities of our network continue to improve and as well as customers use them. So we would expect that step-up and customer count step-ups to help service revenues going forward. Secondly, as you've seen in our reseller business, we have chosen not to pursue some reseller accounts and to make sure we kept capacity available for our business. It was a better use of it for our smartphone customers than for reseller customers. And so we saw some pressure this year from reseller revenues. We'd expect that to ebb as we go into 2018 and improve. So from both those perspectives, there's some optimism on service revenues and changing in that trend. With regard to the competitive environment, so far we've seen some rational activity through the iPhone 8 launch and most recently the activities that are going on, so we're optimistic. We're certainly ready. And as you can see, our margins are very solid and the performance has been great. But we believe we can compete and win based on our product offerings and that promotional activity of an extensive nature is not necessary.
John J. Stephens: So based on what we see in the marketplace, what our marketing studies tell us, it's also based on getting through the losses. About half the losses, or just under half the losses this quarter were from involuntary churn because we tightened our credit policies. They were from the storms and the customers that we lost because of the storms that we just did not – that we took off the rolls, because those houses were gone and so forth. And also because on the gross add basis, when we tightened credit policy, we shifted some of those gross adds towards DTV NOW as opposed to the linear. We see those impacts easing in the fourth quarter, as we also see some opportunities to grow the net add numbers – or improve, I should say, the net add numbers. I wouldn't suggest it's from a significant change or movement in our competitive process or offerings or promotions. It's just what we are seeing in the marketplace. As I say, one of the key things is that the unusual or high nature of this quarter's losses had to do with some management decisions with regard to credit metrics and cleaning up some involuntary churn matters.
John J. Stephens: It has been more of a gross add engine, more than – I don't think we're giving out details, but I'll say this. More than half of those customers, for example, are not bundled with our wireless service. That's a real opportunity for us going forward, but they're not as of today. And I think 700,000 of the 800,000 are new, what I would call new to AT&T, so this is definitely that opportunity. We think as we look at it, of the customers that we have coming in, about half of them come from our competitors, switching off a paid TV service from our competitors. The other half – 10% or so come from ourselves, migrating from one of our services, U-verse or DTV. But the rest of it are cord-nevers or the MDU news (30:29), just a variety of opportunities that we had not previously tapped into. I would suggest to you, though, going forward, we may more assertively utilize this for calls into our call centers for the full DTV. For those customers of a certain credit quality, we might look to push them or move them towards DTV NOW, just like we've done in the past with our successful offering of prepay, where we've looked to make sure that we have value-conscious customer offerings in both wireless on the prepaid side and in the DTV NOW offering on the video side.
John J. Stephens: Not extensively. You're right, what you just said is right generally. 10% of those customers we don't think of as a significant level at this current time. But yes, it was about 10% or so.
John J. Stephens: So on a long-term basis, when we come out with the new platform early in 2018, think about the opportunity on DTV NOW to get pay-per-view events, whether they be movies or some of the other events that are out there. Think about being able to provide features like cloud DVR, additional streams. And with all those opportunities go additional opportunities to raise revenues, and revenues that customers would be willing to pay for and improve the quality of the service. That gives us – that's how we're thinking about it long term. In addition, the ability to get the data insights, to learn about what customers are watching, what's necessary, will help us put together new packages and packages more directed towards what customers -we think that will help us take market share and also help improve the financial results as we structure those packages. And then third, all those data insights, whether it's information we take to improve our own marketing, we have a large marketing budget here. And if we could take that data insight and get that information and make it more effective, that's a huge opportunity for us for a company of our size, as well as selling digital ad insertion and doing digital advertising on the DTV NOW platform in selected situations. We believe that that is an opportunity. So those are all the things that we look to as we, more importantly, build this platform and get the volume base of this platform up as we approach – approaching 1 million customers here, as we close out the quarter 800,000, and then building on that and having the scale to effectively do these other things. That's how we're thinking about it on a long-term basis. I will tell you the quarter – your comment, Amir, on the video losses did affect the margins for the quarter is correct. The NFL coming out on a sequential basis, this being the NFL season, affects them. But I can also tell you we continue to spend money on platforms and improvement of the DTV NOW as well as our other activities. And so that as well as promotional activities also had an impact on margins, just to complete that story.
John J. Stephens: So on postpaid, we're growing customer base. If you look at postpaid phones, if you take out the feature phone losses, we're essentially at flat or slight growth. So if you think about it from that way, we believe that we are getting to that turning point when you – the reason for the slide that shows that 92% of our phones are smartphones comes down to the fact that our flow share on smartphones versus feature phones is about 95%. That differential used to be about 10 percentage points or 1,000 basis points. It's down to about 300 or 3%, so we're getting to that point. That leaves us – provides us great optimism about the health of the business and about moving it forward. And when you put on top of that the margins we're seeing, we're really encouraged. The bundling strategy, the video bundling with DTV is working, and we'll continue to use good judgment in providing customers what they want. But that's how I think about the mobile business. It's really quite stunning results when you think about EBITDA margins, EBITDA service margins, churn. It's really quite encouraging.
John J. Stephens: So we've done a couple of test overlays – more than a couple, a large number. We used LTE-LAA and other capabilities in our network out in San Francisco and got 750-meg speeds on the tests we did out there. Even if you take 10% of that to be normal fully loaded network speeds, you'd still have 75-meg speeds. We think that's pretty tremendous. We did a testing in Austin too, one in the same base where we combined carrier aggregation, MIMO, I think we used LTE-LAA there. And when we did that, we had phenomenal speeds, even I think as good if not better than we had in San Francisco. In addition, we did a millimeter wave, 28-gig millimeter wave test there and got a point-to-point test over 1-gig speed. So all of these things are things that the network team has already done, they've already been successful with. Based on the tests that we ran in Austin and San Francisco, we're deploying out to 20 cities right now. We hope to have them done by the end of the year, near the end of the year. These capabilities with carrier aggregation, LTE-LAA, and MIMO capabilities, and with those we are optimistic that we're going to get flow-through speeds that could cap 400 megs even by the end of the year and with that, on a fully loaded market, use a lower percentage. But those things are going on now. When you take those plans out a few years, we have a plan to hit the largest 30 cities with that capability. That 5G capability will overlap some of the, if you will, IP fiber-based services we have. So we didn't want to double count, so those numbers are overlapping, but it will be very great. When you talk about 5G from a millimeter wave perspective, we expect to continue testing that as we have in Austin and other places. I think everyone is aware we've got a transaction waiting for approval in front of the FCC on the significant holdings of a 39-gigahertz millimeter wave spectrum. We're moving forward on that. We expect the standards to be out in 2019 and equipment to be out. Following that, that is one that we will be one of the leaders on, and it will be in addition or in connection with the cities build-out that I just described. So I hope that gives you a sense of why we're so comfortable with putting that in greater than 50 million locations. Some of them will be served with both wireless or fiber-to-the-prem or fiber-to-the-business. But we are confident that in total, counting each of the locations only once, we'll have over 50 million.
John J. Stephens: I'll say it this way. I think we proved out the business model that businesses need speed and capacity. That's been proven out. We need to do more specifically with the 39-gigahertz build-out. But from what we've learned in our Austin trial, we're optimistic that it will work out. Now remember, we have extensive fiber throughout the country, not only in our local exchange, our traditional service areas, where we have extensive fiber, fiber into neighborhoods, fiber nodes, fiber to businesses. But even on a national footprint, we have extensive fiber because of our legacy companies. And so we have a unique benefit compared to many others as we build out a wireless IP capability. Others do not have the ability to rely on the built-in fiber holdings that we have, and I think that's a unique advantage. We will continue to modify and adjust the build plans and the product offerings as customers direct us, but we're confident we're going to be able to do this in a very profitable way.
John J. Stephens: No comment on the satellite business. With regard to the advertising opportunity set, let me say this. With the data insights we have off of our satellite-delivered video, off our wireline or IP video, off our wireless-delivered content, and over our broadband networks, we have extensive data. We can now marry that with a data insights business capability that we've been building over four years, a big data company. We're now hiring those quality resources under Brian Lesser to get the quality and the talent that knows this business and takes this business and develops the products and services that we'll be able to first, quite frankly, use internally. We are a very large advertiser, if not the largest in the United States. And so the efficiency opportunity of taking this new information and using it effectively is enormous inside our four walls. But secondly, that also helps us with marketing activities. It helps us with efficiency in choosing content, making content choices, even marketing our programs, our films and so forth, because we have that knowledge. That's all internal and that's a very big deal. But if you think about the ad impressions that come over with Time Warner and add those to the impressions that we have on our network, they are literally, literally in the billions. If you want a proof point insight that's out there, you can just look at our advertising business, and it's growing in double digits. And that's from the initial use here of addressable advertising focus with some additional data. I'd suggest to you that's, if you will, the best way to think about it and the way to analyze it. If we could get those kinds of advertising revenues that we are getting on the DTV and U-verse IP platform growth on the Time Warner business, that would be very, very good. And that's just if we can, but I'm not going to give you specific targeted numbers. But I would suggest to you the indications are that this can be effective based on what we've seen in our Ad Tech business and our Entertainment group on the advertising side.
John J. Stephens: Sure. Sure, Brett. Let me try to answer this as directly as possible. First of all, we're going to do the 12.5 million because we committed to do that and we're on track and we're ahead of that schedule. Secondly, because of the way the 12.5 million is counted – and there are some limits on greenfield build, there are some limits on overbuild of existing capabilities and so on and so forth, I'd suggest when we're done with that we're going to be closer to 14 million. And I'm using that as a rounded number, but let's call it 14 million on that fiber-to-the-prem. Secondly, we're right now at about 8 million business customer locations, business locations that either have fiber that's active in their buildings or within the industry-standard 1,000 feet where it's very effective to just go in and connect them. So that takes it up to 22 million. We have a VDSL footprint that serves at over 50 megs – or 50 megs, I should say, or better. Today, that's about 20 million. So those are the pieces. The additional pieces will be covered by 5G, and we're not going any higher than that. To back up though and start, right now we're at 6 million I think with fiber-to-the-prem. We're at 8 million with business fiber. With business, that's 14 million. We're at 20 million with VDSL. That's 34 million. And we're not claiming today to be any 5G on the wireless, although we have some builds that have been effective in that area, as I described earlier. That's the starting point. The additions, as I mentioned, will get up to 14 million with 8 million. The 20 million may change on the VDSL because we may upgrade it with fiber. We may do other things with it. So we'll see what happens with that. And then lastly is the 5G overbuild, which quite frankly might cover much of those same locations but won't be counted twice. We're only counting additional coverage.
John J. Stephens: I think we put in there that it would be around 2020 or thereafter, and I feel real comfortable about saying that's the way it's described on that on the slide. I feel very comfortable. The team is working very hard. The thing everybody's got to remember that one of keys to all of this is we're going to be out on our network doing FirstNet work. We've got 27 states and territories that have already opted in. We're 27-for-27 so far, and so we're going to have this opportunity – requirements to build out the 12.5 million, requirements to build out for FirstNet, but the opportunity to coordinate those builds and do it very effectively at the same time. So we're pretty optimistic with it, not to mention I'm optimistic because of the $6.5 billion contribution we get from FirstNet to fund this build.
John J. Stephens: So let me take the last one first. We are starting to see some green shoots with regard to the pricing activity in-business. I'd suggest to you that there's more to come, but we are starting to see that. We continue to be optimistic about our product portfolio. We have a challenging business because we've got a lot of legacy voice and legacy analog data. But we continue to be convicted with regard to – and convinced that our IP-based products and services are a good long-term strategy. And as you point out, we are seeing some improvement in the pricing area. That's one. With regard to our strategy, we are in a bundled strategy. We are not in a strategy to trade one business off against the other. What we are in a strategy to do is to utilize all of our assets to benefit our customers and grow our business. And so bundling of wireless and video, bundling of broadband and video, bundling of broadband, wireless, and video is definitely the strategy. We definitely believe that works, and we definitely believe that can add value for the overall customer base, shareholders and customers alike. So that is what we're doing. And we'll continue to believe in that. We think it's the right strategy and we think it's working for us. I don't want to suggest, David, that there are any trade-offs or there are any views in that in the sense that we are looking at one business more favorably than the other. We look at the total value creation for the business and try to focus our minds on what the shareholders and the best long-term health of the business. And you know what, the strategy we established was the one we established when we closed the DTV merger. We expected, we hoped, and we planned that churn would improve, that broadband deployment would improve, that wireless would improve, and we're seeing all those things happen. So we feel good about that. With regard to this quarter's video, linear video losses, remember the point. About half those losses were a decision based on creditworthiness and credit policies and credit standards as well as some pain from natural disasters. We still believe those were the right decisions in the long-term interest of business, but those are different decisions than others would imply, and I want to make sure that's clear.
John J. Stephens: Our wireless customers are really valuable in the extension of their life through the lowering of their churn, and the ability to get entire families or entire groups of phones is really important to us. And so we strongly believe that that is value-accretive to the total operations of the total organization, and we monitor it on a very regular basis. I will tell you, though, to make sure we have a – going back to a comment I think that Phil may have asked me about, and that is remember, these DTV NOW customers, much of them are new to us. And so not only do we have that new customer on the video side, but now we're going to get the opportunity to potentially get their wireless business and to potentially get their broadband business if we're in a position to do that. So we're very encouraged about that kind of opportunity that goes the other way, but we are convicted in the business proposition.
John J. Stephens: The capacity is immediately re-deployable as it changes, so that's ongoing. With regard to the prepaid trends, we're continuing to see, as you saw, strong growth in our prepaid numbers. What we are seeing, for example – and we mentioned this in the 8-K with the reclass of our customer counts, if you think about it, we built this platform of a connected car. So we have millions and millions of connected cars out there, over 10 million connected cars out there. So we built this platform, and those are down in our Internet of Things in our connected device category. But now what we're finding is that 65% of the people who drive cars aren't our wireless customers, so we're finding a real opportunity to connect tens of thousands of those, almost 100,000 this quarter, with a prepaid offering to the connected car. And when they do that, they will pay us. It's not a $4 or $5, it's a $15 or $20 connection. And so it not only gives us a really great revenue opportunity and high margin, and that's a lot better than a resale opportunity at a much lower, but it's also an opportunity to show them what we can do and then potentially get the rest of their wireless business or get the rest of their video business. So that's how we're thinking about prepaid. It's not just the continued growth in the smartphones and the continued expansion of the base, as we've shown, 3.5 million customers in the last two years, pretty good numbers, but also in now building on these other platforms that we've built and use that as the opportunity, just like DTV NOW, to go out and see if we can make those customers a bundled or a complete customer of AT&T. And that's an opportunity that we're going to continue to pursue. That's a real value-creating and a win-win for the customer and for the shareholder.
John J. Stephens: Great. If I can, let me answer your question by just modifying it a little bit. It's not just inside or outside the footprint. It's really that ability, as you point out, as a standalone product, we have higher churn. As we pointed out in the slides, when we bundle satellite with wireless, the churn drops by 50%. When we bundle it with broadband, it drops by 30%. So either one of those, as you suggest, are very, very good strategies. From a wireless basis, we've got a national footprint, so the opportunity to do that is there. The need to continually improve speeds and throughput on the wireless network is there. But first, that gives us the solution to do that and some financial wherewithal to do that. So the network team is working very, very hard. That's why our finance guy can talk about the tests that they've already run in Austin and San Francisco and Indianapolis so easily because the network team has been on this. And that's exactly what they're thinking about. With regard to – and they'll do that across that national footprint. And then we will do inside. We believe that there's that opportunity to get these IP broadband speeds in that footprint, the 50 million build that we're talking, or 50 million potential or more really goes to exactly what you're talking about. So that is what we're trying. We're evaluating those builds on a regular basis. We're trying to balance capital needs and capacity capabilities as well as the desire to go out and build it once as opposed to build it with a tentative technology and then have to rip it out, as some would suggest, with regard to their claims to building out on millimeter wave even before standards are set. So it's balancing all of that. But you're right, that is what we're doing. That is our goal of enhancing speeds and coverage to more than 50 million locations.
John J. Stephens: Thank you. With that, folks, I want to thank you all again for being on the call today. In closing, we had a strong quarter, and our quarter and our year-to-date activities are on track to meet guidance. Our Wireless business is performing at record levels. Our DTV NOW offering is growing extremely rapidly. Almost 800,000 customers for a business that's less than a year old is pretty dramatic. We've got work to do and plans in place to improve our linear TV business. Our business solutions and our international continue to meet expectations and perform extremely well. And we're excited about the opportunity that our data insights ad tech business and Time Warner will provide. We continue to have strong cash flows, and we view that very positively, particularly as we have great coverage on our dividend. And as we go to that time of year, we want to make sure that we continue and we will be able to continue to provide our board the opportunity to continue raising our dividend if they so choose for the 34th consecutive year. We are positive about it, the future. We're optimistic. We've got to continue to work hard, but we believe strongly in what we're doing and our strategy. With that being said, we thank you for your time and look forward to working with you in the future. Take care.
