John Stankey: Good morning, John. How are you? Consumer Wireline first, let's -- the thing to keep in mind is in repositioning this business, we had – over the last several years, we've been investing in our Fiber footprint and investing and launching in new parts of our footprint. What happens going forward is as the business add subscribers, we expect margins to continue to improve. And our cost base is relatively fixed once we've laid fiber out, so we do expect improvements overtime.  We haven't guided in terms of specific margins expected to generate, but we feel really good about the long-term view of this business. I mean you look at others in the space, margins are really attractive.
John Stankey: Mike, sure. Obviously, we don't -- we're first, so we don't have information as to how others are going to report this quarter. We, clearly, from the way we look at data, have some view of what's going on in the market. And I can tell you without backing that up with the actual reports from others, we believe the overall market still remains pretty strong. And we're seeing, what I would say, consistent volumes to what we saw in 2021 in terms of gross add pool that is occurring in the market. And I think we shared with you as we were guiding, we expected that to maybe taper down a little bit this year as we were giving you our estimates and our expectations. And so far, at least through the first quarter, we haven't seen that materialize at this juncture. And I would expect -- I don't know, but my guess is after everybody reports, I won't be surprised if trends are similar to what you've seen in previous quarters in terms of flow share overall for our business. I don't want to overdrive my headlights on that, I could be surprised by what somebody puts on the table. But from my market sensing and data, I didn't see a material shift in overall flow share this quarter versus previous quarters. And I feel really good about that, especially given the nature of some of the promotional activity that occurred during the fourth quarter of last year, that we chose not to chase, stayed very consistent in the first quarter of this year with our strategies and approach and others are throwing a lot of different things at it. I don't see us out there with BOGOs and I don't see us out there with $1,000 incentive to switch that others are using in the market. We've been very stable in our approach. And I think the thing that I would point to in terms of the overall economics is, look at ARPUs, they remain very, very stable, as we told you they were going to remain despite all the gains that are coming in here. And as we shared with you at Analyst Day, our cost per gross adds are getting better, not worse, because we're scaling that away now, where our fixed cost structure is obviously being spread across a larger number of subscribers on any given quarter. That's a good dynamic that's going on there. And our churn numbers continue to be very, very strong with our customer life cycle is actually looking better than what they historically looked. That means better value. So, as we've been sharing with you all along, we feel really comfortable that the economics of these customers that we're bringing in are no different right now than they were a quarter ago or two quarters ago or three quarters ago, and we'll take these customers all day long.
John Stankey: Phil, the short answer is no on the first one. As you know, we don't – when we count net adds, a migration of the 3G customer to another service plan isn't a net add, that's just the migration. And so there wouldn't be any impact to that. And as we've shared with you, we restated our base numbers. Those are out there for you to see. And so, I think, everything you can look at, including looking at ARPU characteristics after the restatement, you should look at it. And I would actually say, this is probably one of the best air interface transitions I've ever seen. When I think about the shutdown of the 2G network and now the shutdown of the 3G network on a proportional basis and the number of subscribers and what we're able to do here, I think, the team executed incredibly well. Relative to the flow share in the market today, I think, we have seen over the last several quarters, Sprint is -- had an issue for T-Mobile to migrate and manage. And I know they're having to touch that base, as they're shutting down the CDMA network and moving things through. And any time you do that, that can be disruptive to a customer base. And I think we've benefited in some flow share from Sprint customers who have been evaluating what they want to do and see AT&T as a good choice and a good value as they make that decision to whether or not they want to get a new handset and who they want to get it with. And there has been an element of that in the flow share in the market over, not just this last quarter, but several quarters as this has been going on. And there was an element of it in this quarter, but I don't think it was anything that was out of pattern from what we saw in previous quarters.
John Stankey: Doug, so if I go back -- I don't know, I don't play a story in here, but if I go back probably three years ago, there were several comments I made or observations I made about the SVOD business, one of which was that managing customer subscriptions was going to be an important element of the long-term sustainability of the business. And that was at a time when I think somewhere in the industry may be advocating that rampant password sharing was somehow a good thing for these products.  And I had a little bit more jaded view of that. I think there were probably some articles that were written to criticize me for having a little bit more jaded view of that. But it drove a lot of the thought process at the front end of the HBO Max product where we were thoughtful about how we built the product. We were thoughtful about making sure that we give customers enough flexibility, but we don't want to see rampant abuse. And so, I'm not going to go into all the details, but there were a lot of things and features built in to the product that are consistent with the user agreement, that has terms and conditions of how they can and can't use it. And we've enforced, and we've enforced them obviously in a way that I think has been customer-sensitive.  You don't see anybody complaining massively about it.  But I can tell you that we actively, in any given month are looking at how particular users are using the product and have features and capabilities technically to limit what I would call rampant abuse. And so, I would tell you that I think that's the right way for the industry to be managed. And I think maybe some are going to adjust practices and approaches overtime to try to get their arms around that, but I don't think it's the broadband providers' role in making that happen. I think it's the owner of the applications role in making that happen.  And I don't necessarily expect that we'd be trying to work on a product or service to market back to other providers to say we can help you manage that. I think there are adequate tools available in software and then how you manage your application to be able to do that. And I can tell you from our own experience, we feel like we've done that reasonably effectively in the interest of the product. I'll let Pascal go ahead and maybe pick up the second part of the question.
John Stankey: Yes. Well, let me see if I can answer your question, and Pascal can jump in if he wants to. First of all, we don't disclose the mix. But what I would say to you is, what you should understand is, we do give you some information that you should be able to understand that we're getting a healthy growth of new subscribers to AT&T. You know, I think our aggregate share numbers in broadband in the market today and you know where those stand. We shared with you that our plan rates after we're in the market about three years has roughly an equal split of market share, which is a substantial increase to where our aggregate market share in our broadband business previously stood. You can't -- three-year period of time of fiber growth to get to equivalent market share in an area, do that without taking customers from the other side of the house. It's mathematically impossible to do that. And so I think the way you think about it, if I were in your shoes, an analyst, and you look at cash flows over a three-year period and you look at footprint expansion and you see that market shift, you should conclude over time that we're actually picking up, as I've described it, share points in a way that I've never seen a product move in my career. Now admittedly, we put a lot of money into this infrastructure. And we should expect to see that kind of share point move, and we're getting it. So we are winning our share of new customers as a result of this. And we report to you as well our aggregate revenues, and we report to you our growth and decline in our fiber and our copper base. And I think it's pretty easy for you to see the motion of what's happening in the copper base as to how much of it is likely moving to fiber and how much of it isn't. And I feel really good about how we're competitively performing. I see nothing in our performance that suggests we should be tamping down ultimate pen rates because of our approach. Quite the opposite, as we shared with you, our pen rates are accelerating, they're not declining. If you look at where we were several years ago and a lot of our new builds right now, we're achieving year two pen rates in year one. And there's a lot of reasons behind that, not just one. The great product is the foundation of it. The part of it is how we're building right now, we're much less Swiss cheese, which allows us to be a lot more effective in our marketing. And we've developed much better tactics as we move into a neighborhood to be able to get early adopters to move in at a much higher rate and pace. And that has a huge impact on the economics of the business case. If we sustain that moving forward, I'm going to frankly be relooking the overall economics of the fiber business case because one of the big variables on leverage in the business case is if you can accelerate your penetration by a year, it dramatically improves the return characteristics. So I'm really proud of what the team has done in that regard. And we have no expectation by the time we get to year three that, that's going to suggest that we shouldn't expect our split of the market as a result of that. Remember, we're not charging more to the customer. We're giving the customer a better experience. We're getting rid of promotional pricing; it is a pain point for customers. They hate it. They hate the 12-month mark. And when they're using another service, that 12-month mark means their price is going up $15 or $20, and that's just a really bad thing for a customer. And so now we put out a very simple, straightforward constant price, where the customer isn't going to see that step up in 12 months. They know what the equipment pricing is on the front end. They're getting the square deal. They're getting a great product. And they're clams and it shows in the data.
John Stankey: That's an accurate assumption, Walt. It has to do with the ramp directly from DISH. And I think the way you should think about this, it's public information, that I think DISH got a little bit of a reprieve from T-Mobile on some of the legacy network availability and some help on that slowed down the front end a little bit. And I think you're aware of where DISH is in their deployment and debugging their network so that it actually can function and work properly. I think they recently announced a milestone as to what they're doing around that. Those two things are the drivers of when that transition occurs, a combination of when those customers need to move off of another network as well as, as DISH starts to move people onto their network, new customers coming in, those all play in the wholesale arrangement as that volume starts to ramp. So, I think a surrogate for understanding that trend line, we'll be watching the loading of new customers on to DISH's new network capabilities.
John Stankey: Just really briefly to all of you. First of all, thanks for joining us today. And I really want to extend my thanks and appreciation to all of you on the call. I know it's been going on internally at AT&T in terms of the number of filings, schedules we've had to develop, the information we've had to put out over the course of the last month or so. And I know that, that puts a lot of work on all of you to kind of parse through that, get through this transition that we've been working through as a business. I want to extend my appreciation for your patience in that regard. And what I can promise is it should settle down here a little bit going forward. And I'm as excited about that as I'm sure you are. So, thanks very much for being with us today, and we'll talk to you again in 90 days.
Pascal Desroches: And John, I'd add to that, if you go in and you kind of decompose what's in the transformation program and where we're targeting improvements in our operations in our business and things like reduction of call center activity that ultimately moves online, et cetera, all those things feed directly into that business that will -- it will allow us to scale that into the right kind of margin structure that I think we've historically been accustomed to, given the long-live nature of the asset base that we're deploying. To answer your question on the business side, I'll tell you what we have visibility to, we share with you, our move is to be driving harder owned and operated infrastructure into the lower end of the mid part of the market. And in order to do that, that's highly correlated to where we're deploying new fiber or where we have existing infrastructure deployed. We have good visibility to that part of it. So, we know, as we deploy what we open up in terms of new market opportunity. In some cases, in order to get that market, we're shifting our distribution channels. So, there is work going on around how we ultimately position to distribute the product both directly through our own sales force, as well as through other third parties. That's an execution issue. While we have control over how we progress on that, obviously, any time you scale up new channels and you work through things, there's things that you run into they are unexpected or that allow you to move left to right that you have to adjust to. But that's nothing new, that's the kind of thing we work with.  And I think in terms of working through those issues, they usually are cycles that matter from a quarter or two. They're not the kind of things that you hit a brick wall and can't work your way through. That's the area that I would say, maybe we don't have perfect visibility over, but it's a question of whether you trust we can execute? And I would tell you, my view is we know how to do these kinds of things. I think I shared with you in the Analyst Day one thing that is very clear as we walk into the segment with the AT&T brand on the product and service, it's incredibly well received. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, when we walk into these customers and we have the opportunity to talk to them about a new product, it oftentimes leads to a second discussion about possibly moving other parts of their services, like wireless, in that transaction. And that's the power of us in the business segment being able to go in with a complete portfolio of owned and operated wireless and direct fixed transport.
Pascal Desroches: Mike, I would also just add, as a reminder, our fastest growing plan is our Unlimited Elite, which is our top-tier plan. So that tells you the quality of what's happening in the overall wireless base.
Pascal Desroches: Yes. Phil, just as a reference point, 300,000 of the net adds this quarter were from FirstNet. Again, nothing to do with the 3G migrations.
Pascal Desroches: We feel really good about how the business is performing. And we guided to 3% plus. As you've heard from John previously, this management team is in the realm of trying to put up guidance on a conservative end of a spectrum. With that said, the one thing I would remind you, as you move through next quarter, we're going to have a full three-month impact of the 3G migration, so that is going to hit ARPU some. But we feel really good about the overall pace of the business and how we're executing.
Pascal Desroches: The only point, Dave, I'd say on your first question on the dividend yield growth. We've said this, the way we're thinking about generating returns going forward, dividends are only one part of it. We're going to hold ourselves accountable to growing earnings at the stock price. And it's a mix of overall return to our shareholders. And that's what we are looking to optimize overtime.
Pascal Desroches: Hey, Doug, here's the way I think about. We haven't provided guidance specifically on how much better financing commitments will enter into each year, but we provided overall cash payment guidance. And so we provided for 2022 and 2023, both years is $24 billion. So anything we do this year, we'd have to pay next year and that would be captured in that $24 billion guide. And so while we haven't provided guidance, you should have a pretty good sense about where the overall trajectory should be.
