John Stankey: Phil, thank you for the question. Overall, our -- we came in exactly as we anticipated. Remember, in my commentary on at the year-end when we gave guidance, we said that Q1 was going to be the low watermark for free cash flow for several reasons. One, it's the highest quarter of device payments. Recall, Q4 holiday sales is the heaviest volume for devices we pay for those in Q1. You saw our capital spend is elevated relative to the annual guidance that we gave. And Q1 is the quarter we pay incentive comp. When you factor all those things in, along with our expectations that we will continue to grow EBITDA, we feel really good about delivering $16 billion or better.
John Stankey: Sure, Simon. Look, everything is going great. It's no concerns whatsoever about ability to execute the build supply chain spine, resourcing and capabilities within the vendor community is all good. Teams are executing well. I don't think I have any different commentary of, yes, there's been a little bit of inflationary pressure in some places. By far and away, it's all manageable. It's nothing that blows the business case. In fact, when you offset the cost per living unit increases against what is actually turning out to be faster penetration and higher ARPU than what we had in the, I would call, the fundamental business case, and when we started this process, it's well offset anything we have to worry about in terms of first cost. So, I would tell you from a perspective of we feel very comfortable with what we've told you about our $30 million commitment and where we're going with that. That's not the thing that's taking my time or keeping me up at night. Where we are in terms of our execution, I would probably take my hat off to a couple of individuals in the Company that have been working very hard in this area. And I would tell you, relative to what we spend and how we're going about doing it, I think we're doing a much better job of penetrating our base faster than we are, as I just mentioned. I think that gives us confidence. I've shared with all of you before that one of the three major impacts to improving payback in a fiber business case is if you can penetrate faster than what your expectations are and bring cash flows forward that has an outsized impact on the NBV of the case and the ultimate payback, and we're seeing that happen. Now I would tell you, look, we're building in places that are fiber hungry. And so, I think our effectiveness is indicative of the success of the market and the receptiveness of the market. I don't know if you get three years out on the build if it stays that way, we'll have to continue to watch that. But I think the tactics and the techniques that we've developed collectively as a team between how we promote the brand, what our operations folks do to raise awareness, how we capture those customers, the way we're marketing to them, the effectiveness at which we're marketing to them, I really like what we're seeing. And I think as we continue in this path, we're on the learning curve, and we're going to get better because we're on that learning curve, and we're getting scale on what we're doing. And that's all goodness. On the GigaPower side, we're in good shape. We're very close to closing on the transaction. You should expect that imminently. We're trying to do it the right way and feel very comfortable we're going to get it done the right way. I will also tell you we have our first -- even though the transaction hasn't closed, we have our first live customer up in one of our markets. So, we are in place with all the infrastructure that we need to be able to sell and support customers through our channels. And I want to stress, we are the first seller of product on that infrastructure, and it's not an insignificant accomplishment for us to be able to have everything through the processes of activating our distribution channels and out of region markets so that they can talk to customers and sell and support the product and service, and we can drive the kind of penetration that we want to drive in that infrastructure. So, we feel really good about the progress there. And I will just tell you anecdotally, as I've work around the organization I felt very strongly about our competency and our ability to go and start doing this. I like the energy I see in the teams that are involved in it who feel probably even more confident than I do about it. And they have a lot of motivation to do well there, and I think that's going to serve us well as we move forward.
John Stankey: Yes, nothing's changed in my commentary here, Simon. We're out in the market today. We have a consumer product that's there that we've recently brought into play. We are in the process of scaling it so that we make sure that we do it the right way. And we are going to use it where we think we can offer a customer a better set of services than what they currently have, especially when we have an opportunity to go and use it to hold as we're going to build fiber over the next couple of years and come in behind it. Where we have that network capacity, to your point, we are adding spectrum in. We have places where we have [Indiscernible] capacity, and it's a smart play for us to do that to keep a customer in the family, also uses an opportunity, in some cases, to cross-sell and add wireless into the portfolio as we do that. And we will run that play in consumer where it makes sense to run that. And we're seeing good feedback from our customers that we've put out the product with in the consumer space. We are seeing substantial improvements in their service levels. That's a good thing, and we feel that, that's the right way to kind of target and use the product. On the other side of the equation, as I've said many times before, this product is incredibly well suited to parts of the business segment. It's not only well suited in the near term, but it can be a long-term viable product, given the characteristics of how businesses use data depending on the type of segment you're serving. And we've had really good success in business deploying the product. We will continue to deploy it. And feel really good about it in that regard that when we match the product to the right user profile, the right segment profile, it can be a very, very viable opportunity for a sustainable and effective product. And we're seeing that, in fact, play out in the market right now.
John Stankey: So John, West Coast, I think, is pretty well publicized in what went on out there relative to the rains, and we still have a large, I'll call it, legacy footprint that ultimately we're spending a lot of time and energy and working our way out of. And you see what happens still when you get a lot of wetness on copper, it just doesn't work well. And I think this is one of the things that gives us a high degree of confidence we have opportunities for additional cost takeout in this business. As we reposition to 5G and fiber, that cost structure we still carry. And I'm really pleased we made some changes about a year ago in how we organize within the business and how we focus on our operating cost structure that is putting the right kind of exposure on how we execute around that cost migration. So this is partly an answer to your question of what was unusual and also what we expect to do moving forward beyond the $6 billion. We will now start to see some momentum build in that regard as we begin to shutter legacy costs in the business, and I think we're making the steps that need to be made to be able to do that on a geography basis, as opposed to we don't need to see the last customer disappear before costs start to come out of the business. And so, we have much better instrumentation I think we're building the muscles around how to do this. It's not easy stuff. I will admit to that. I would -- I wish we didn't have to spend as much time and energy on it, but we are. And I think we're getting it into a place that I've watched this business for years, that the flywheel will start to turn and we'll get the benefits out of it. And I feel really good about that. And I think that's when I talk about moving beyond the $6 billion. One of it is it's the fundamental restructuring of the business and getting to the backside of that. You may have noticed as well to show you how serious we are about this and how aggressively we're working it. We met a large filing that's public in California about restructuring the regulatory construct in California. That proceeding will take place over the course of the next year. And it's one that we've been working really hard with policymakers out there to do it the right way, make sure that we step up to serving customers in a way that accomplishes public policy objectives, while at the same time, positions the business well for a sustainable, cost structure and incentive investment in the state moving forward. And I'm confident that we can move through that process. The last thing I'll just comment on in the first quarter, you probably saw that the weather patterns broadly across the United States were pretty challenging. And so while they were most pronounced on the West Coast, we were chasing a lot of issues broadly with ice and a variety of power dynamics that we're moving on. And I would say just generally speaking, it was not a friendly quarter to operating costs just to deal with the things that we need to deal with to make sure the network keeps running. And I think we came through it in pretty good shape relative to our commitments. And I think that's one of the things that we believe will be in good shape from a cash production perspective as we move through the year.
John Stankey: Brett, what I would tell you on the go-to-market side is, there really hasn't been any change at all. In fact, I think the headline is we're doing what we've been doing. And we're going after customers that we think are profitable customers, and we're doing it in the same way. And some of that is just a matter of I think the variable piece of it is when you're doing subsidy on a customer-by-customer basis, there's, of course, adjustment in that. So as you see volumes come down, certain equipment costs and the like are going to resize themselves to those volumes. But when you start thinking about how we're promoting in the market, I won't say that there's going to be any substantial changes in anything that you see on distribution channel costs or go-to-market costs that would be anything different than the variable cost of moving from volume of 700,000 net adds to 400,000 net adds that might flow through things like commissions and equipment costs, et cetera, that are pretty typical. Look, we continue to always look for places where we can manage the value equation. And we opened with some of the comments in the prepared remarks, deliberately to demonstrate to you that, I think, we do a pretty effective job of that. If there's something I would ask you not to lose is we're coming off the most profitable quarter and most lucrative EBITDA generation in our wireless business in its history and it's got the goodness of low churn, higher ARPU and customer growth. And that equation is there, and we're managing it deliberately. And you don't just pull one lever to make that happen. There's all kinds of things that have to come together and the recipe, one of which is where you have opportunities to move customers up a continuum or you have opportunities where you may be are priced differently to market, you use those levers. And we'll continue to do that as we move through the year. And I think our confidence in doing that is indicative of the guidance that we've given you as we move through it. We dynamically watch credit in the market. That's -- it's algorithmic in many instances. We do things as we go through the year. We're looking at a variety of different things in a variety of different segments, and we adjust. That's not new to this moment in time. That's something we do kind of dynamically as we run the Company. We've been making adjustments to different segments and different offers consistently. And I would say, look, as we move through the year, if circumstances change or we see particular segments being stressed in different ways, well, we'll do things to adjust the availability of certain offers in certain places, yes. And have we done that and is that just a normal course of business? Yes to that as well.
John Stankey: Sure, Mike. So first of all, I don't think there's anything that I see. We're the first to report, so I don't know numbers from elsewhere. Obviously, we use many of the same vehicles you use to sense what's going on in the market, to determine. I would tell you that my conclusion right now is we're seeing, what I will call, proportional dynamics going on in the market. I think status quo is the way I would characterize it. As things kind of roll out here, I wouldn't -- I'll be surprised if it's dramatically different than ratios that we've seen from previous quarters right now, which I feel pretty good about, frankly, given our discipline around how we've been going after the right kind of customers. I think the value proposition is still strong. I would tell you that on the customer base side, we've seen probably places in both segments where consumer at the lower end of the market are probably making the kind of decisions that people make when money is a little bit tighter. They're maybe extending the use of their device a little bit longer. It's not an issue of them not wanting the service. They're just making a decision to stick with their earned handset a little bit longer and maybe pushing that discretionary decision to move up. So we've seen a little bit of a drop-off relative to some of the traditional upgrade rates and the shopping rates associated with that. And then I would tell you in business, it's probably a combination of things going on. One is, as we've told you, going through the COVID period. There was better-than-projected growth I think. And we have been saying all along that some of that was being driven by COVID itself. Businesses that needed solutions to deal with the change in their operations, and that could have been how they were dealing with things in a more remote fashion or it could have been what they were doing with their employees to equip them to work outside of the office. As people have been coming back into work and the economy has been normalizing, some of those products and services have reached their point of use that they no longer need them. And there's a little bit of that going on where people are making their businesses more efficient and trimming. And the wireless business is, of course, correlated to headcount and as some businesses have done some things to trim their employee ranks, you see that flowing through on handsets and data cards and things like that. It's, again, nothing that's out of the pattern of what we expected in terms of overall growth in the industry. We still have very healthy business services growth. We feel very comfortable about our share. We shared with you in the opening remarks that we're penetrating in segments like in the public safety area better than the market in total, and all considered that's pretty consistent with what we expected this year.
John Stankey: Dave, on your commentary on DISH, I don't want us stipulate necessarily to your characterization. I'm sure Charlie probably doesn't stipulate to them. But first of all, I've never really commented on my point of view of what the calculus is in the combination of DIRECTV and DISH, and I don't expect to do that today. It's just not something we typically speculate on. I think Charlie has been the one that largely had commentary on that. He's certainly entitled to do that. So you might be a better person to ask, and in the circumstances, he's probably far more intimate to his business than I am. Look, I think we step back all the time and ask ourselves what's the structure of the industry moving forward and what's going to occur. And I think I would just say the best way to maybe sometimes predict the future is look at the past, which is when there's been valuable spectrum available through any form or fashion, whether it is the decision to do a combination of a business, like what we did with LEAP, or whether it's doing things at auction that we think are responsible and appropriate, we think that we always want to make those investments with the sustainability of the business. If there were to be a spectrum reordering for whatever reason, either from auction or asset changes or whatever, would we be -- we understand it, want to understand if there's elements of that, that are more effective than us putting capital into the network to build density and those types of things, we'll continue to evaluate that and make appropriate decisions as we can moving forward. And it's -- I'm not going to go into the details of how we think about what the scenarios are and what we can play out, but you can guess that given the amount of money that's involved in it and the importance to the business, that we're constantly evaluating those things and determining what scenarios might play out, what we might do and what makes sense for the Company.
John Stankey: I just wanted to make sure I was answering your question in a straightforward fashion. We -- I would tell you we are in really good shape. We're kind of through what I would call the first set of milestones that frame the first seven years of the contract, and we've picked through all those responsibilities and obligations as expected, and there's nothing there that's problem or anything alerting. In fact, broadly speaking, I think we've performed incredibly well. And my -- I don't want to speak on behalf of the FirstNet authority. But I think both parties feel like it's been a very productive public-private partnership, and we continue to plan for what we can do in the future to extend it in other ways and do big things with it. So on the rest of the footprint, California is really kind of the outlier. We have freedom from our carrier of last resort obligations in virtually every other territory we operate in. How that gets done is a little bit different in each territory, but we have the latitude to do what we need to do. We've been doing a lot of work, and this is one reason we're at the filing stage in California on ensuring that we have to catch products to be able to support customers. And I'm really pleased with where we are. You obviously know what we can do with data services on the wireless network with fixed wireless. I talked about that just a few minutes ago as to where we are in the market and our ability to be there. But we've also been putting in place a scaled wireline replacement for basic phone service that has all the same features and characteristics and meets the regulatory criteria of what has traditionally been copper-fed pot services that we can support off the wireless network today. And those are two examples. There's more that are necessary, but two examples of replacement products that are better suited to play into our forward-looking architecture, which is a scaled wireless network than to serve off low-speed services, like copper. And we feel like those are really, really good products. In fact, in many instances, offer a customer better benefits than what they get today. And I think regulators are interested as we are doing all the right things to move forward. They don't want power-consumptive copper out there adding to greenhouse gases. They don't want people on technology that was built 100 years ago that fails when it rains. And so, I feel like we're in a very good place to be able to do what we need to do.
John Stankey: Walt, the answer is, look, I think all wireless providers are going to be instrumental to making this happen. And I believe you've heard me talk about the reality is 5G becomes pervasive and actually operates in the way 5G was intended to operate from a design perspective, which is you have the kind of ubiquity and the radio that's out there. You have actually the additional spectrum that gives you the right level of performance as 5G stand-alone cores are perfected so that they work the way they were intended to work, which, as with any new technology, that's been a little bit of a journey to get them to actually operate in the right way with the radio access layer given the complexity of the radio access layer in the United States, things like augmented reality are going to, in fact, become the opportunity of what are the new services that can come in place. And I don't think it's going to be unique to AT&T. I think our competitors are going to do the same thing, and we're all building networks that are capable of supporting that. And we will, as we have in the past, probably be one of the types of channels that help distribute these additional devices that people ultimately will use in new ways. And more than likely, there are going to be things that are nice add-ons to family plans. And as I talked about, the reality of usage going up on these networks and why it's so important to have a fixed cost structure, these are the kind of things that I think are really, really important. Because if you're in a variable dynamic and all of a sudden the new device shows up and becomes part of the family plan that drives another couple of gigabits of usage and you're paying on a variable basis, that's not going to be a comfortable place to be when the realities of the next generation of applications come in 5G. And I expect that's going to happen. You -- I know you do a lot of homework, you know what the manufacturers are working on right now. We know what the manufacturers are working on right now, and we know when they're likely to come about, they're going to come about when these networks are scaled. The networks are going to be scaled as we exit this year. And I think you're going to start to see the new application to start to pop up as a result of that.
John Stankey: Well, we use the term durable wall for a reason, which is I don't want to just -- I don't want to spend empty calories for something that 18 months from now or 24 months from now, just looks like a bone acre. And I'm trying to keep the business focused on doing the things that are the hard things that position the infrastructure for the next decade. And so, I've been pretty consistent in my remarks, which is there are going to be places in our network where we have underutilized capacity and I don't have fixed infrastructure, and there's going to be segments where that underutilized capacity can best be used where it's durable. I mentioned earlier in the call, there are many businesses that have usage profiles where I believe fixed wireless bundled in with other wireless services is a very durable offer, and it will be durable for a long period of time to come. There are certain consumer segments where that's durable, but it's not most consumer segments, in my view. And so, we will continue to take advantage of that, where I have confidence that the customer acquisition cost will be worth maintaining the relationship with the customer and will sustain itself. I just -- we were looking at our fiber in service lives, for example, of what's going on right now, and our fiber in service lines are extending over our traditional copper and service lines because it's a great product and people want to keep it. And I know what those in-service lines are. And I know how long people keep that product in service. And the great thing is, when they hold it for 4.5, 5 years, I can scale the product over that period of time, and it's highly profitable. And we need to think about every customer we bring on in that regard, and we're being very diligent in how we allocate our customer investment and our network infrastructure and our capital infrastructure in a way that we're trying to bring on those durable relationships. Again, I would point you back to the churn numbers that we've been putting up on both product sets, and we're trying to be true to that in what we're doing. And to the extent that you do that to subscription base, it plays out well for you over time. And it's just about being deliberate and disciplined in making sure that happens.
John Stankey: So, I appreciate everybody joining us this quarter. From my point of view, it was a solid quarter that set us off on the right path to deliver to you what we've committed for this year. We are focused on something very, very basic. It's executing in our markets while we're continuing to restructure the cost of the business, and position our infrastructure for the future, as I just wrapped up with what I said with Walt. And I feel really good about the way we're able to do that. In many respects, I kind of look at what we did operationally this quarter, and I characterize it as uneventful. And as we talk about with the management team right now having a few uneventful things occur when we get to call the plays and operate and execute in the fashion that we designed is absolutely what we want to achieve as a management team as a company and I feel like we're making strides to do that. Thanks for being with us today. I hope you all have a good rest of the spring.
Pascal Desroches: John, here is the way I would characterize the quarter. It was a really solid nearly 4% growth. There are -- yes, there were 3G shutdown in the prior year, but there were also some items that went the other way. So when I pierce through all of that, all the one-time items, this is right in line with the expectations we set at the beginning of the year of 3% or better growth.
Pascal Desroches: Brett, on the first part of your question, the thing to keep in mind is, as it relates to Q1, a lot of the head count reduction we saw in Q1 was accrued for as of the end of the year that was in the prior year numbers. So really didn't impact Q1 materially. By and large, look, this is a program we've been on for the last several years. And March will -- we expect it to continue, and it's one that in the normal course will incur severance on those, but it's all pretty manageable within the context of this company.
Pascal Desroches: Mike, one other point just to underscore. When we look at some of the key measures like porting ratios, our level of churn, those would all suggest, as John said, we are doing just on relative to the overall population of growth that is out there in the industry. So, we feel really good about our performance, and it's really in line and consistent with our expectations of a normalization of consumer demand that we expected to come in 2023.
Pascal Desroches: Dave, here's what I would point you to. Within the first quarter, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there is -- we are at the high watermark of our device payments. And it's the only quarter that has our annual incentive compensation. Those two things, coupled with our elevated CapEx relative to our full year guide, hurt Q1 to the tune of $3 billion to $4 billion, and we expect that to turn during the course of the year just mechanically. It really isn't much harder than that. Like based upon our spend, what we expect to spend in those categories, those should turn mechanically. So we feel really good about being able to deliver 16% or better.
