Ralph de la Vega: Yes, let me comment a little bit on that, Mike when John was going over the chart he was explaining just the extension that we see in the customer life time value, when you take our overall churn going from 1.02 to 0.086. The thing that is really encouraging to me is that that is the total average for postpaid. When you look at smartphones, you see a similar change and what is driving the overall churn down our smartphones. And then when you look at smartphones on Mobile Share Value plans and Next they are even lower. So what we’re doing is working, I’ll give you one proof point that was really encouraging to me in the second quarter. In the second quarter typically churn for our company goes up in May and June compared to April. What we saw in this quarter was a change in the trend, so both May and June were actually lower in churn than April despite all the competitive activity that’s going on. So we feel very certain that as more and more customers sign up to Mobile Share Value plans and Next it solidifies our scores in terms of churn and we’re seeing the same thing in our net promoter scores. Our net promoter scores for customers who are in Mobile Share Value plans compared to family talk for example are twice the number. So every indication we have from our customers is that these are sustainable and sustainable even during some pretty intense competitive activities as we always see in the wireless business. Now you are asking about Cricket, let me give you a quick update on Cricket. As you know, we actually launched Cricket on a nationwide basis, the new Cricket on the 19th of May. So that was relatively short, but I’m very pleased with what happened we successfully converted both the AIO brand the old Cricket brand to the new Cricket brand. We rebranded the stores and we started converting customers at rates that we expect that from the old CDMA network that LeapPad to our GSM network and Mike the results are really, really encouraging. As you know that network covers 97% of the customers, it doesn’t include roaming. But what we’re seeing is net promoter scores again of Cricket customers improving month after month as they get the sample, the GSM network compared to their old CDMA network. And so the migration are on schedule and we’re seeing improving trends in terms of the net additions since we completed the conversion. In fact if you look at the second quarter, Cricket numbers compared to a year ago, we have reduced the factors (ph) by one-third. Just in the first quarter alone and what we’re seeing in July is an improving trend that I’m sure we’ll continue throughout the year. Again as customers sample this great network that they have now that is a nationwide network as we move those customers over, we are seeing lower churn. So, we feel really good about what we did with Cricket and we’re really excited about the results we’re seeing with Mobile Share Value plans and Next in driving lower churn.
Ralph de la Vega: No not any significant improvement no Mike there was no – no significant movement from prepaid to postpaid in our case.
Ralph de la Vega: John on your comment about what happens as people upgrade to Next as we have mentioned in my comments, we’re already seeing about half of our smartphone sales go on Next and that’s the same experience that you are referring to and those customers when we sample them their net promoter scores are high. So we are not seeing any concerns at this point and I think that once they get on Next they are going to be able to get the new smartphone every year or every 18 months depending on the plans that they select. So we feel really good so far, but everything we have seen from the plans no major concerns.
Ralph de la Vega: John one other thing that I think we both feel good about is if you look at those larger data buckets we mentioned that about half of our base is on buckets that are 10 gigs or higher. But if you look at actually as customers add lines to their Mobile Share Value plans, we’re seeing that number that are selecting the 10 gig or higher plan to be 70%. So we got about half the base, but on the – the ones that are getting added the take rates are even significantly higher. So it gives us great encouragement and as you look at Mobile Share and Next, number one is producing lower churn and number of customer life times. Number two, it’s actually reducing our subsidies and number three, is resulting in these large data bucket purchases that we know will increase ARPU as we define it now could be phone-only ARPU plus Next billings. Those are expected to increase for the remainder of the year. So we feel really good the strategy is working and it’s evident is intending the results.
Ralph de la Vega: First on the churn in the quarter, as I mentioned earlier what is really encouraging is that we saw both May and June be lower than our postpaid churn in April and usually is the reverse. So it says that that the plans that we have put in place are bending the curve in the right direction, trending to lower churn in the back-half of the quarter as suppose to being higher which is traditionally what we have seen in mobility. So it is very encouraging and we’re seeing very good churn levels at this point. So, I think anything that will drive it in a different direction.
Ralph de la Vega: By the way Joe one other point of reference, the 0.86% churn number as far as I know if you go back and look at the history of wireless is the second lowest churn ever reported by a company in the history of wireless and the one that was lower than that was only two basis points lower two years ago. So not only is at the lowest were AT&T, but some of the lowest churns ever reported by any company in wireless.
Ralph de la Vega: Let me answer the last one first Simon, and yes that’s exactly what we’re targeting. What we have seen Simon is first of all we started with our company-owned retail stores and it was a huge smash hit. Then we brought in our dealers and they have been a huge smash hit, almost exactly the same performance that we saw in our company-owned retails, which are much higher than the averages that we are reporting. Now we’re bringing national retails, these are national retail agents that have not sold Next up to this point, will be coming online. And so we expect those to come online in the third and fourth quarters further increasing the rates. So we’re fairly confident that you’re going to see an increase from the rates that we reported in the second quarter.
Ralph de la Vega: Yes, Mike let me add a little more color to that, like John said when you compare the 1.02 churn to 0.86 that extends the life of a customer by a year and a half. If you do the same analysis not on the total base, but on smartphones that life extension goes to 2.5 years. The churn difference is actually greater if you compare smartphones on the same basis. So you extend the life of the customer by 2.5 years and then if you take smartphone who will have Mobile Share Value and Next you extend that even further than that. These results are early on, but are really encouraging and it’s basically says that customers who choose Mobile Share Value and Next on smartphones are driving this thing down to really low levels. And by the way the numbers that we’re quoting on churn are of course total churn there is some involuntary churn. So the voluntary churn numbers are actually even lower than the ones that we have just published.
Ralph de la Vega: Phil real quick on the buyback, you’re absolutely right the pace is moderated and certainly we take into consideration all factors the DTV deal, our CapEx spending, quite frankly our investment and our customers with Next. So I must stick with the guidance we gave before that, we are going to continue to be opportunistic, but you’re absolutely right that the pace has moderated cash compared to last year. With regard to any transactions other than the comments I have made on the DTV, we really wouldn’t want to speculate on any or comment on any speculation. So we were just – we were just really focused on continuing to work with the regulatory agencies in getting the DTV transaction approved and moving forward that and we still, we’re more excited about it and more confident that’s the right thing to do than ever and so we want to push it forward.
Ralph de la Vega: Yes, and Tim what we’re seeing today in terms of bring your own devices, devices that are typically hand me downs. But we’re very excited, because we see a new wave of low cost smartphones where our customers can outright purchase the device for a very low cost and in essence bringing their own device by paying cash. And the new line up of smartphones that we’ll have in the second half will have several options of good looking devices, very functional, large screen at lower cost that will allow a customer to get our best price by a very simple purchase of the device. So we think that the BYOD will probably increase as the year goes on.
John Stephens: John specifically the customers that we allow to go up on the Mobile Share Value plans early and then it’s subsequently come in. We’ve seen great stay on rates over 90% of the company-owned stores where they’ve stayed on the Next program. So they like it, they really seem to be very sticky. So we feel good about where it’s going, but we’re going to watch closely.
John Stephens: With regard to the stronger trends there is a couple of things that are just really important, one when you add a million customers on the quarter and we added total change was 1.6 million smartphones that was a conversion of about 900,000 feature phones to smartphones. And then there was net adds postpaid smartphone net adds of 700,000. So that’s a really significant number, we had another good quarter of tablets, about 350,000. But we really had great performance on our smartphone net adds. So that gives us confidence in generally more revenue. Additionally we are seeing people take insurance, almost sort of 50% clip on our Next sales. So that’s going to help and we continue to find satisfaction of those insurance rates anywhere from $7 to $10 a month. We see really good results there. Third, we’re seeing people buy bigger buckets as we mentioned. I think we mentioned Ralph mentioned that there was 14 million or so Mobile Share Value accounts, over half or about half of those are taking 10 Gig or better. And with the new phones coming up people are using more data, we continue to see usage growth which is going to drive revenue growth. All of those things are what give us confident in what we see and why we believe there is going to be real opportunity for improving revenue trends. Lastly, there are much so we think the Next take rate and especially with the opportunity for maybe some new devices in the holiday season will also generate some improvement in our numbers. So feel really good about kind of the whole package not just the equipment story.
John Stephens: John let me give one other thing that I’m sure (indiscernible) about 200 basis point pressure in the wireless margin, wireless revenue growth this quarter and it has to do with, we’re now selling our – our Next program through our agents. And so and sort of recognizing the revenue when we deliver to the agent, we recognize the revenue when they deliver to the customer and so that delayed and have the impact on revenue score. By the end of the year, we think we’ll get that back especially in the holiday season where the inventories are traditionally low. In addition, we had some early on in the quarter; we had some pressure from some promotional activities, as you know we really have a round of significant promotional activities since the April timeframe. So we think we’ve got most of that pressure buying this. When you put those two things together, we have a better starting point that we may appear based on our – on the appropriately reported results.
John Stephens: We – shall we bolster in the whole operation, we are very optimistic about churn continuing to improve kind of an year-over-year basis compared to the historical levels. So we feel really good about that. With regard to the net adds we have, we really haven’t had any significant promotional programs in a fact in May or June, we had some in March and some of the cost of those were appropriate carryforward when the customers are earning those discounts were actually on April. So we really didn’t see much in the way of significant customer change with regard to that. We may have seen some of that benefit in March, but I will tell you it seems like in the new environment we and a lot of our competitors were very active in that. And quite frankly we were not; we were not as active as others.
John Stephens: Obviously Joe we feel real good about where we are and how we’re performing and the team is doing great job.
John Stephens: Simon with regard to the CapEx story as we did reiterate that we will be in a $21 billion range and we’re going to stay with that. With regard to the commentary on over about a billion dollar spend in the first six months; I guess I’m more aware of the commentary that the talk that many have had that we had changed our spending patterns based on those numbers. It would seem that some people are misinformed maybe have been more about the spread or the hearing amongst our – amongst our spend. If you’re thinking about how we’re going to get down to the $21 billion, I would suggest this we are very near complete with our $300 million LTE build. And in fact we expect to complete that later this summer. So most of the spending for that and much of spending for the network intensification has been already placed. We just need to go out and utilize and put those assets in the services, which we have to do. Secondly, we’ve done a lot of other of our systems and other corporate work with regard to laying out fiber and other things that we expect will moderate in the second half of the year and focus more on the utilization of assets that we placed in service. So, certainly it will be a challenge and be a lot of work. We feel good about the fact that we can stand at $21 billion range.
John Stephens: Sounds great, we are let me turn it Amir, first of all Citi was our lead bank in the Next monetization transaction that we completed in June. We received about $800 million in cash from the monetization of some of our Next accounts receivables. With that being said, we still had a net investment and are customers of $1.5 billion more than $1.5 billion actually from January 1st to June 30th. What we learn from that is, it wasn’t just Citi, but it was a number of other banks stepped up and we’re interested in joining in the contortion to buy those receivables there was plenty of demand. The financing costs were extremely low, very, very attractive and the terms and conditions were very attractive. So we went ahead and did it, we also, we are also very pleased with the fact that the collection of major banks established the real validity and the real value of those receivables. And we believe there continues to be great demand in fact all the participants and that have come back to us and said and asked us. So we’ll get further opportunities that we believe that’s one other reasons why I feel comfortable are, cash flow guidance for the year in the sense that we have that one of those levers is the monetization process. So it gives us great comfort. Second piece is we’re optimistic on bonus depreciation giving at least extended, there has been a number of builds out there, some to make it permanent others to extend it. There seems to be a general sense that the extenders will get completed and approved, but maybe not until later this year. That would be a very good thing for capital intensive industry like us and help us continue to make significant investments in our network. The biggest cash impact for us would be in 2015. We would certainly help 2014, but the biggest cash impact for us would be in 2015, because of some of the new answers of tax rules. And we’re we follow carefully and we’re looking, we’re looking for every opportunity to promote that legislation.
John Stephens: Hello mike.Mike Rollinswtih – Citi Investment and Research: Thanks for taking the questions. Just a couple of follow-up if I could please. I think last quarter you mentioned what the installment net receivables were at the end of the quarter, I was wondering if you can give us an update there? And then secondly, if I can just go back to the churn improvement that you saw during the quarter, how should we think about who specifically the improvement came from, in other words did it come from customers that were had a contract and were able to churn but took advantage of the no-sub Mobile Share Value. Was it customers earlier in their life that may have churn prematurely or you were able to capture a benefit from this, a way to think about the segments of customers were you saw that churn savings? Thanks.
John Stephens: I think the Mike couple of things, one I think the biggest churn improvements we saw over are quite frankly in smartphones in the overall category of smartphones where the smartphone churn is lower than that 0.86 postpaid churn we saw. Secondly, the customers who participate in our Mobile Share Value plan as they are churn is also lower than the 0.86%. So as those plans grow and as our smartphone, 80% smartphone base continues to go to flow share of 92% you can understand why we are optimistic about further kind of churn improvement and the opportunity we continue this good run we’re having.
John Stephens: Mike, I will add to the sort of the installment sales, I would tell you it’s a mix bag of numbers I don’t want to, make sure I don’t direct you to something one specific line of the financial statements. But if you look at our accounts receivable and then you add in our long-term assets that relate to Next, because some of the receivables are over 12 months. And then you look at the deferred purchase price from the city organization to get a sense where in the area of $3.2 billion of total receivables and that’s after taking into account or reducing it for the – for the monetization we did. We will disclose this information in 10-Q. So I’ll give you that back to say we will make sure we – as we have in the first quarter to disclose that.
John Stephens: So, Tim a couple of things if you look on Slide 10 that we showed there, you can see that the ARPU plus the Next billings was about 64 little bit over $64, $64.35 that compares to last year $67 so it’s down around the 4%, 4.5% range. Secondly I would tell you that if you look at that as of the month of June as opposed to the average for the quarter that’s about a dollar higher. And so what we are seeing is an expectation that through the rest of this year you will see the ARPU plus those Next billings definitely increase and we’ll be, we’re very optimistic about the opportunity to get back on track for growth. Ralph take the question.
John Stephens: Well, for the quarter Tim our BYOD units were about three times or more than three times what they were last year. But the encouraging win for us is about three quarter or more of those, went on accounts under contract. And so the BYOD there is a required contract when they bring them put them out of the account that has a contract we feel real good about the sustainability of those and quite frankly as Ralph mentioned the fact there is no-subsidy cost those makes it really a financially attractive situation. As we close, I want to thank you all for being with us this afternoon. We’ve made significant progress in transforming our business for growth in the second quarter and in particular with repositioning our wireless business model. Postpaid net adds were very strong. Specifically smartphones net adds were very strong and we had our best ever postpaid churn. And we’ve made great strides in moving smartphone subscribers off the subsidy model. We feel really good about our current momentum heading into the back-half of the year and believe even stronger that our discussions to go with this model was appropriate. Thanks again for the call and as always thank you for your interest in AT&T. Have a great evening. Good night.
