Wayne Watts: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate the opportunity to be with you, and I'll be brief. Let's take a look at Slide 11. We remain comfortable with the process so far and the pace at which we're moving. The staffs at the Department of Justice and the FCC, the 2 federal agencies that must approve the transaction, are working extremely hard. They're asking all the right questions. We, of course, take each issue and question identified very seriously and respond quickly and thoroughly as we see this process through. In fact, in response to questions, we have developed a very detailed engineering and economic analysis valuing the enormous efficiencies that will result from the combination of the AT&T and T-Mobile networks. We have revealed to the agencies the results of the analysis and the magnitude of the efficiencies. The FCC has now indicated it wants time to fully evaluate and validate these results and has stopped their 180-day clock to allow them to do so. In light of the significance of these efficiencies, it is important to us that the FCC validates this information as they continue their review, and we look forward to working with them to do so. We said when we announced this transaction that our confidence in our ability to obtain approval is based on the facts. And while we still have work to do, we remain very confident that we can satisfy the DOJ and FCC that this transaction should be and ultimately will be approved. Those facts, including the enormous efficiencies we can realize from this merger, demonstrate that this is the surest and fastest way to address the unique network capacity constraints and spectrum shortages faced by AT&T. The facts also demonstrate that the consumer and public interest benefits are enormous. These include better service in the form of fewer dropped calls, faster speeds and a better overall customer experience, more mobile broadband access for more Americans. By expanding our 4G LTE deployment to more than 97% of the U.S. population, some 55 million more people will receive LTE coverage in America than would have occurred without this merger. And billions of dollars of increased investments in the U.S. economy, which drives more jobs and economic growth. These benefits are widely recognized and have led to the broad, diverse groups voicing support for the approval of the merger. Those backing this transaction include governors in 26 states, representing 150 million Americans, members of Congress on both sides of the aisle, numerous elected officials at the state and local level, labor unions representing more than 20 million workers, groups representing rural and diverse constituents. And perhaps most telling is the support from the high-tech community. They understand the importance of this transaction and what it means for the continued innovation, growth and prosperity of both of our industries. Looking ahead, we'll continue to be responsive to those reviewing the merger. Based on the facts and the law, we remain confident we will receive regulatory approval in a timely manner. John, that concludes my update, and I'm -- turn it back to you.
Wayne Watts: Sure. David, it won't surprise you to hear that our focus is entirely on plan A. We're confident that plan A is going to be the result. We're going to keep working towards that, and we think that's the result we'll attain. I would point out the contract does allow extensions. It allows time for an additional 6 months, which would take us into the second and third quarter. But we're entirely focused and we will remain entirely focused on finishing in the first quarter.
Wayne Watts: Chris, this is Wayne. I'll go first. With respect to the changes at the Department of Justice, look, I had a lot of respect for Christine Varney, and I would have loved to see her stay there until we finished this transaction. She obviously had an opportunity she took advantage of, and we wish her the very best there. Having said that, she's left behind an extraordinarily talented staff, a staff that we've been working with on a day-to-day basis on this transaction. And they're going to continue to work hard and push through. And I think that's why even Christine said that she did not view that her leaving would change the timing of the transaction, and I believe that to be accurate. With respect to Senator Kohl, we have a great deal of respect for Senator Kohl and his staff. I've met with him and his staff a number of times. And we often have very candid discussions, and this is one where we simply disagree on, on the outcome here. But most importantly, we have to recognize that while Senator Kohl's opinion deserves a great deal of respect, he's not a final decision-maker. And there are certainly examples where Senator Kohl has opposed transactions that were approved, and we believe that'll be the case here as well. So the short answer is, Chris, I don't think that either one will have a material impact on the timing or the outcome.
Wayne Watts: The only thing I could say is the understanding we have is the administration's working hard to get those slots filled. And I'm sure they're going to continue to do that, and we hope that they do.
John Stephens: We almost had sequential revenue growth this quarter. So we're on the cusp of that now, and whether that happens in the third quarter, the fourth quarter or soon thereafter, we're really right on the cusp of that now. What's driving it is a number of things. We're still getting great results out of our wholesale business and Ethernet and other products, doing some good business in network integration, supporting some of our key partners in that. We're starting to see some improvement through the U-verse product in small business and our ability to bundle that with Wireless. And we are continuing to see some investment in the global enterprise space by companies. So we're real optimistic that we're going to see it. We just missed it this quarter.
John Stephens: We are not -- as we said from the start of this year, we have not assumed a significant return to -- or significant growth in the economy, either in employment or in GDP growth. We've been fairly conservative on that and consistent with what has been said on these calls in prior quarters.
John Stephens: I think there's a number of items that are going on. First of all, our smartphone ARPUs continue to be 1.8x or better our non-smartphone ARPU. So we continue to get some positive results from that as we penetrate that. You get a higher penetration of the smartphone in the postpaid base. But specifically, with our tiered pricing and our $15 and $25 plans that we have out there, as well as our new emphasis on postpaid computing devices, we are getting into a segment of the market that has somewhat lower ARPUs than are standard but are still very profitable for us. We're not going to turn away those sales. Those are very good, profitable sales. But they do have some slight impact on the margin -- or excuse me, on the postpaid ARPU percentages. I will tell you this. We're still very pleased about the growth we've had, and we're pleased that we -- -- on a run rate, our smartphone sales are about 70% of our unit sales. And we are currently -- only about 50% of our postpaid customers are smartphones. So we have some room to grow in that area.
John Stephens: Mike, I think the critical piece here is the change we've already made in our upgrade policy, Mike. And when we announced the change, we made it prospectively effective, which means that effectively, we don't see any of the impacts of that upgrade policy for 12 months or until the first quarter of next year. But we've lengthened that upgrade policy to more of a 24-month standard. That had been more of a 13-month average for us in most of our situations. So we believe that, that management of that cost, we've addressed it. But I will tell you we continue to focus on it, and we continue to be sensitive to it because it is an important piece of the value equation and it's an important piece for us in determining the value of our customers and the profitability of our Wireless business.
John Stephens: Yes. Mike, on your first question with regard to margins, I certainly view it as a good starting point, the 42% as a good starting point to looking towards the margins for the rest of the year. And certainly, that's how our team is looking at it. And as you point out appropriately, we've had some great sales. And depending upon volumes exceed where we've at today, that will pressure margins. But quite frankly, we've had great sales already, and we're at the 42% level that you referenced. So that, I think, is a good starting point. I think, Mike, we'll pass on giving you the details on any of that information, and I'll leave it to Brooks' team to distribute that information as appropriate.
John Stephens: Yes. I mean, the impact of the costs were about $50 million. So it would have been about 30 basis points on that margin. So that's what they were. Those were really the tornado costs. We refer to them as storm costs, but those were the tornado costs that hit the Southwest and Southeast part of the United States.
John Stephens: Yes. Everybody here knows I like talking about taxes. Specifically, it has provided us a benefit. And it is providing some benefit for us in our decisions to invest in capital. While we've got great demands on our mobility network and great customer adds, it is an appropriate time to make those investments because of the bonus depreciation rule, so we're trying to take all things into account in making those decisions. I view it this way. Yes, depreciation is something, and these bonus depreciation rules are something that even out over time. But we continue to focus on cash strategies at the company. And if you look at my 12/31/10 financial statements, my annual report, you'll see that even though we had significant bonus depreciation over the last 3 years, our deferred tax liabilities actually went down fairly significantly. So we managed that tax liability from all aspects of our business. But you are right, the bonus depreciation does level out over time, and we see that in, quite frankly, in the '13 and years after viewpoint.
John Stephens: On, Jason, on your first question on CapEx, I don't view it as a step up or down either way and a change in kind of the long-term viewpoint of CapEx for the Wireless business. I view it as our business unit sold a lot more phones and was real successful in the business and the volumes of use by our customers is greater than we expected. So we're making the investments today so that we can provide them the best-quality service. Additionally, I will tell you that because of the current environment, the bonus depreciation rules, it makes it economically, from a cash flow perspective, better to do it today than maybe wait till next year. So we're just trying to be prudent with the shareholders' money and have that opportunity that was provided by the economic recovery legislation and utilizing it. That's really how we view it. And really focused on the customer, making sure they get the best service. With regard to text messaging, it's just a really different set of facts for us. First of all, we have bundled plans that tie text messaging into our voice and data services. We have unlimited texting plans that are very attractive. We just have a much different economic situation that doesn't easily invite anybody to come in and try to interrupt that revenue flow that's coming to us. Particularly, we have a postpaid contract environment where we provide subsidies on the phones, and customers come to us because we do, do that. And while it does generate some issues with regard to our margins, it also provides us a tie into the customers that allows us to manage through some of those issues that you're referring to. So we monitor it real closely. We keep our eye on that revenue stream because it is important to us, but I do believe we're much different than many of the stories that are coming out of the European markets for the texting issue.
John Stephens: Phil, on the data devices, we saw some growth this quarter. Computer branded devices, I think, were in the 550,000 range, 545,000 range, and we saw -- and certainly driven by tablets. And particularly, we saw some growth in our postpaid tablets. I think about 1/3 or a little less than 1/3 of our tablets were sold on a postpaid basis. So we're seeing that growth today. And yes, as we roll out LTE and get into a different collection of products that are going to be out there, we're real excited about that. So yes. Additionally, because we're in this unique position of onerous economics on a business that touches not only Wireless, but Wireline Consumer and Wireline Enterprise, we feel like we're pretty uniquely positioned to utilize those data devices with our enterprise customers, providing their employees mobility opportunities. So we're excited about it. We look forward to it, and we have seen some growth in this quarter better than we've had in the past. With regard to broadband, the critical issue for me is while we did perform better in this second quarter than we did last year, we did have about 12,000, 14,000 lost customers. But the reality of it is, is we had over 400,000 customers convert from DSL to higher-speed U-verse-type broadband. That includes some small business customers. The point there for me is that we're here once again, giving you another example of where we're transitioning the business to the next-generation high-value services where we have real good retention, real good service opportunities and really good value opportunities for our customers. I'm much more excited about that and what that will play out, particularly with the ability to bundle it with mobile that we have. And that's where we're focused on the business.
John Stephens: I think we are seeing some challenges in those markets. And I guess the long-term response that we're going to have to that really is going to come out of what Wayne was talking about with regard to the merger transaction in the sense that once that approval is reached and we're able to build out, we're going to have 97% of the country covered, which is really going to be probably a similar level of percentage of all our customers. And we'll be able to, if necessary, if it's appropriate to provide that kind of service to them. I think that's the longer-term answer.
John Stephens: Chris, with regard to your questions on CapEx, I think the answer is yes. It's on all of the items you mentioned, but I'd give you this focus. It's really a focus on the Wireless CapEx spend, and it's across in the categories you talked about. But it's really focused on providing a better experience to the customer and handling the volume increase we've seen because of customer growth and quite frankly, more customer usage. So the short answer to your question was yes.
John Stephens: Well, I think we're looking at it from a number of different perspectives. I think one thing we need to realize is the ability to have these float on the WiFi networks and utilize the capacity on the wire networks is important to the customers and important to us. Secondly, I would tell you that I think one of the ones -- opportunities we're most excited about is incorporating this, connecting it with our enterprise customers and working with the CIOs on all the different aspects of security and availability and so forth. And we're working -- we'll work hard to do that. That's an opportunity we're real excited about. But I will tell you, in this quarter, we did make progress. So I don't want that to be lost. I think it is important. I understand your commentary on, comments on long term, much greater opportunities. I don't disagree with all those at all. But we are making progress, and we are looking at how we -- and working very, very actively on a number of different approaches with regard to that. LTE will certainly help. That's for sure.
John Stephens: Quite frankly, on the CapEx issue, it's both. It's both prudent, taking advantage of the financial rules that are out there today with regard to taxes and with regard to our strong balance sheet, our ability to do it and also demand. I'm not trying to -- we are not changing in any way, shape or form, guidance on a long-term basis with regard to our CapEx. I'm not even commenting on that. I'm not suggesting that you change that. What I am suggesting is that we're prudently taking the opportunity, because of the incentives that are there today, to move forward to give our customers better service, and we feel good about that. And we feel really -- quite frankly, it's -- we feel good about having the demand. The customers are demanding the subs. That's a good thing. With regard to the ARPU issue, remember, much of the increase in the -- or the increase in its penetration is from existing customers. So generally speaking, when they go from a non-smartphone to a smartphone, their ARPUs, whether they're above the average or below the average, are going up. And so they're going to that, maybe only incrementally, but they are going up. And so they're going to be positive towards that postpaid ARPU average growth because they're coming out of the quick messaging devices or whatever and moving up the chain. What is going to be challenging to us is more of the tablets and the other devices that are going on the postpaid that may have lower ARPUs than are average today. But we are still optimistic about the revenue situation in total and quite frankly, the postpaid situation.
John Stephens: Jonathan, I can tell you that we had guidance out there at the mid-$19 billion range, and now we're moving it to around the $20 billion range. I'll leave it to you to make your judgments on whether you want to tie that to bonus depreciation. But I will tell you it was certainly taken into account. And I've got to tell you, my Wireless business unit has done well and added more subscribers than even I thought, and I have a very high opinion of them. So we're responding to that. I think we're going to wrap it up here. I want to take a moment just again to tell you thank you very much for taking part in the call. And let me close by highlighting a few key points. First, we delivered another strong Wireless quarter in a very competitive environment, led by our mobile broadband strategy. We had record mobile broadband sales, smartphones and data-only devices. We had solid revenue growth and our 10th consecutive quarter of postpaid ARPU growth. And as you heard from Wayne, we are comfortable with the progress of the T-Mobile merger transaction, and we remain confident of its approval. Second, we continue to see encouraging signs in our Wireline business as we transform it from voice to next-generation IP data business. Revenue trends continue to improve, and U-verse is leading continued consumer year-over-year growth. Strategic business services are driving improvements in business trends. And third, we had solid financial results and strong cash flows, which allow us to continue to invest in our growth platforms and to return significant value to our shareholders. This gives us good momentum going into the back half of the year and makes us optimistic about our future. Once again, my sincere thanks for being on the call today. And as always, thank you for your interest in AT&T. Have a good day.
