Jeff L. Bewkes: Thanks, Randall. Good morning, everyone. I'm really pleased with this transaction and with Time Warner's future as part of AT&T. Joining forces will accelerate the evolution of both our companies, as we go where consumers are going in the converging worlds of media and communications. And that will drive more growth and more value for shareholders. This combination creates both immediate and long-term value. For Time Warner shareholders, the price represents about a 36% premium to our closing price of $79.24 on October 19, and it also has a very attractive consideration mix of 50% cash and 50% AT&T stock for each Time Warner share. That gives our shareholder base roughly a 15% pro forma ownership in the world's leading integrated media and communications company, with a strong financial profile, as Randall just said, and a combined track record of success and innovation in both companies. We believe the pro forma company is very well positioned to drive attractive growth for years to come. We expect innovation to be an important driver of that growth, since we see AT&T's distribution capabilities as an enormous opportunity for us. As I said, we need to go where the consumers are going, and that's increasingly mobile, increasingly multi-platform, and it's increasingly on-demand through new services via direct consumer relationships over broadband, and this aligns us with all of that. Additionally, there is the huge opportunity Randall mentioned to utilize consumer insights to inform content creation. And that allows us to continue to create not just the biggest hits, but also content and programming that really engages with targeted passionate niche in the audience. We'll be able to do that more efficiently while also innovating very important new subscription and advertising models to increase consumer choice. So we see the opportunity to create tremendous long-term value in this combination, and that's what's driving this transaction. As I said at the outset, AT&T's distribution capabilities significantly advance our direct-to-consumer efforts and our ability to develop new offerings for all the leading content that we already create and distribute today. And together with AT&T, we'll develop new innovative business models and forms of content that consumers will be demanding tomorrow in this ubiquitous, multi-platform, on-demand, and increasingly mobile environment. So now I'll turn it over to John Stephens.
Jeff L. Bewkes: I'd like to add same idea. We've been trying, at Time Warner, to get more Video on Demand on not just our networks, but have it become a universal thing for every American. You go to your set-top, your television and that whole dial of networks, hundreds of channels, they should all be VOD, just like HBO or Netflix is. And we announced that and we made it available to all our distributors for all the Time Warner networks to turn on HBO more than five years ago, no payment extra. The condition was, we'll give you full VOD on your television platforms, on your broadband platforms, provided that it goes to every consumer with no extra charge. Everybody has got to get the same offer and we could just do it for our networks. We announced it first with Comcast years ago. What we saw, to Randall's point, is that the various cable and other kinds of distributors took a long time to create that offering across every other kind of network. And often the reason was they're waiting for various negotiations of this cable company versus that network group, and you just didn't see a universal offering. It's what consumers were demanding. And so, we think with this, with the AT&T and DIRECTV our largest affiliate distributor on television, they're the largest and best at mobile delivery. And so when we want to bring more packages, more choice for consumers at different price points at every kind of level, upper, lower, more channels, fewer channels, more mobility, more innovation of the kinds of programming. And then with the advertising capabilities, we can make the advertising more interesting for your house versus somebody next door, the products you're interested, not the ones you don't need to see. And that means that more of the consumers get a better experience viewing. They get less interruptions. And it means that more of the cost of the programming, which is – there's an investment in programming, but more of the cost can then be borne by advertisers and consumers get a break. So the benefit for this, for consumers is pretty good, very good, and the benefit for advertisers is terrific, because if you look at what's happening in that world, advertisers need more competition. And this will give another outlet, not just the Google and Facebook one that's gaining all of the – has been gaining all the traction, but now you have yet another advertising choice that's equally efficient.
Jeff L. Bewkes: So two things. One is that the Time Warner Cable company and footprint was small. It was a regional cable company with the limitations that cable had at that time, about 12% of the country. And we weren't – that's the first part. And it needed to get consolidated to get more efficiency in the scale of what it did. And we didn't think that would be as well accomplished for a number of reasons, financial structure, regulatory approval, as part of a media company that we had at that time. The second thing, which I think is more important, is the world is much different now. You now have net neutrality in place. You've got broadband distribution. You have mobile as an ever-bigger part of the distribution package, and you have a lot of incoming new distributor or competition coming from Facebook, Netflix, Google, Amazon. And so as the distribution world changes, having distribution capabilities to innovate on mobile sets, across broadband, and with the ability to speak directly to consumers, offer customized subscription packages and more effective targeted advertising, it's both more competition on both sides, and it allows us to have our networks be more attractively offered to consumers. And what I mean by that is VOD with better interfaces. And I think that the distribution industry – not AT&T and not Comcast, so far they've been good at this. But a lot of the distribution companies, particularly the cable companies have been slow to provide these innovations for consumers, and we think this will help spur that across the industry.
Jeff L. Bewkes: Thanks, Randall. Our biggest overseas network business and sales business in Latin America, from Mexico all the way to Argentina, that's where we have – we're the number one non-local channel provider across all of Latin America. We've got it on satellite with you at DIRECTV. We've got it in pretty much most of the cable and telcos. There is not yet as much broadband or mobile as there will be, but there is a real growth in that market. We also have a – we don't just have the U.S.-based networks like Cartoon, CNN, TBS, TNT, HBO that you all know. We also have a number of Latin American-based channels that strengthens our offering. So I think the match between the two of us in being able to help upgrade distribution and lead a real continuing buoyancy, just a secular take-up in Latin American countries of television services. It's a bit like where the U.S. was 20 years ago. Now, it varies from country-to-country, but potentially all that growth of the golden era of more channels and more TV is coming now across Latin America.
Jeff L. Bewkes: This is Jeff. I don't know where you saw that. That's not right. I'll be staying after we close the deal. And we do have pretty deep bench of management at the Time Warner Company. Everybody is going to be staying and quite invigorated, both the business execs, the creative and journalism executives, and I too will be staying. So as any normal evolution over the years after that – years we're talking about – our next generation will be ready. And you've got some terrific execs at AT&T and in DIRECTV that can be part of this next wave of management. But that's the next generation and when it's ready, we'll hand over to them.
Randall L. Stephenson: And if we're right about this, and I think we're both really convicted that we can drive the industry and innovate in the industry this way and do it far more quickly. If we're right, as we begin to stimulate even more and more demand of video over-the-top on our mobile networks, the desire and the incentive to go faster on 5G deployment is heightened. And we get more and more enthusiastic about the world of 5G. The more we get into this and see what kind of services will be consumed over-the-top on our mobile network. So, it's just a real synergistic effect across everything from infrastructure investment back through the distribution platforms and content creation and advertising model, this just has a lot of opportunities for us.
Randall L. Stephenson: It accomplishes both actually. As we iterate quickly on these platforms and think about DIRECTV Now, DIRECTV Now is a mobile-centric product. And if this product is as good as we believe that it is and our customers really begin to enjoy it, there should be advantages of using DIRECTV Now on AT&T's network, and there will be. But at the same token, if we're iterating quickly into DIRECTV Now with the Time Warner content, then we begin to differentiate the DIRECTV Now platform as well. And hopefully, as Jeff articulated and expressed, as we begin to iterate and innovate with the Time Warner content, I am actually convinced that if we're successive with this, it will incentivize other content creators to do the same and want to innovate on top of this platform as well. So, I think it gives us great diversification. 15% of our revenues after this deal is closed will be Time Warner, and which is media and entertainment. So the diversification is great. But I think it also gives us an opportunity to differentiate our platform.
Randall L. Stephenson: Hi, Amir. Good questions. In terms of where we stand on the DIRECTV integration, Amir, as you recall, the biggest benefit financially from the integration were the cost synergies. And we set an objective of getting $2.5 billion per year of cost out of the business, $1.5 billion of that being this year. We're way ahead of schedule on achieving those costs synergies. And as you think about this transaction that we've put together here, closing end of 2017 timeframe, we're going to be way down the path of the integration activities and achieving those cost synergies and so forth. The other element that was really critical in terms of achieving synergies from this was getting all of those content rights to distribute over our mobile platform. And so the DIRECTV Now, that required a lot of heavy lifting to go around all the content creators and get these new rights to distribute this content over-the-top to our mobile providers. Those are largely done. We're a little over one year into this, and all those content agreements are basically in place. That was a lot of heavy lifting. There's been an unbelievable amount of work and effort going into that. And now we're really early into deploying these new platforms. And I would tell you the more we get into the DIRECTV Now over-the-top platform, the more excited we get about the opportunity. And then as we think about the ability to bring Time Warner content into that, just the enthusiasm level just continues to go up and go up. So I would tell you, I think the timing of the Time Warner deal as it relates to the integration of DIRECTV is actually a very good fit. I think the timing is very good bringing it in end of 2017, and we're going to be at a place where all of our installation crews for DIRECTV are integrated. We're doing one truck roll to the house. Our call center operations will be integrated at that point in time. And so a lot of what I'd call the key logistical difficult things to do in terms of integration, we'll have the lion's share of those done by end of 2017. We still have some what I'll call big IT type things, information technology development that won't be completed. But those aren't big rocks that are going to get in the way of trying to integrate Time Warner at this time. Then lastly, I would tell you a deal like this, when Jeff and I met and we both gained conviction in terms of what was in the art of the possible here as we put these two companies together, and we both became convinced and convicted that it was the deal that ought to happen. These kinds of deals you don't sit around and wait for the perfect timing. Once you have a deal and you have a deal structure, given the potential for leaks and so forth, the objective is to push them through and get them done. And that's exactly what we did here. And so there's never a perfect time for a deal like this. But actually, I think this fits very well with our own integration plans, and I also think it fits well in terms of how fast this industry is moving. The convergence in terms of media and distribution is moving fast. We want to be at the front of it. We don't want to be chasing it. And doing this deal now allows us to lead in this type of convergence activity and bring stuff to our customers that they want before other people bring it to their customers. So I think the timing actually works out quite well.
Randall L. Stephenson: Furthering on Jeff's point and addressing, Simon, your question, the reason we believe that owning the content is so critical. When you're talking about doing really tight integration, ownership is always best. If you have to iterate and innovate quickly, it's really difficult to do in a partnering arm's length negotiated-type transaction. Our history is long in terms of examples of this; not the least of which was we had been, what I'd call, a tightly integrated reseller of DIRECTV for a long time. And it was an important part of our package. But you never could get the tight integration of the customer experience. We closed DIRECTV and we get the customer experience integrated. And then within one year, we've added 1.2 million DIRECTV customers. We've never even begun to approach a number like that when we were just partnering and reselling their product. And then as you think about, for example, the DIRECTV Now launch, we have been working three or four years to bring to market a mobile-centric package of content to our customers. And we have been working aggressively to put this together and getting the content creators to agree to the rights to put this over our mobile platform was proving to be very, very difficult. We closed DIRECTV, and with those great content agreements that we now own at DIRECTV, within one year we've achieved all of those content rights, literally within a year, something we've been trying to do three years we achieved in one year after owning DIRECTV. I am convinced that as we try to bring unique capabilities of content to our customers and really integrate – I'm talking about integrating deeply, social aspects and interaction of our customers with content and so forth. As we try to do that, doing it in an ownership structure rather than a partnering structure, will happen faster. And I'll say it again, that I believe if we're successful at this, it will drive the whole industry to begin to innovate faster and everybody will want to innovate on these platforms in this same way. So there's a long history, Simon, of where you try to partner, you can get there. It's slow, it's painful, just the contracting itself takes a lot of time, whereas when it's completely owned, you just move a lot faster.
Randall L. Stephenson: You bet. Mexico is going great. I think something that's been lost in the Mexico story is, Mexico City is like the largest – one of the largest cities in the world. It's a sprawling major metropolis. And we have stood up in the course of one year a full scale LTE network that is performing beautifully. And the business in terms of subscription growth continues to grow. Our distribution is growing beautifully. We're adding distribution at a very, very impressive pace, and that is individual who is leading that operation is just doing a terrific job. And I will tell you, we just continue to gain more and more conviction around Mexico. And we have a long way to keep growing in this business and we're looking forward to now, as we scale our mobile subscriber base, as we scale the LTE platform and get really robust capacity and coverage, then you can begin to think about the things we're talking about here, distributing content to our customers in Mexico. And Jeff has probably one of the best lineups of content in Latin America that I've got to tell you, we're really enthusiastic about not just for Mexico delivering over our mobile platform, but throughout Latin America, where we have coverage in just about every – I think all but two countries in Latin America with our satellite product. And so Jeff, if you would, I'd let you talk a little bit about the capabilities you have in Latin America.
Randall L. Stephenson: Frank, the FCC has already started rate regulation reviews on broadband business, broadband services. And so look, that was always we felt the risk of Title II being implemented on top of this industry. I don't think it has any bearing, as you think about this deal. I mean, just rate regulation in general is just always the – I think is one of the great contributors to uncertainty in an industry like this when it's so capital intensive. So we're hopeful. The Chairman of the FCC as well as the President, when Title II was discussed, both said that they had no intention to regulate prices of broadband. And so hopefully that will be the case as we move forward with this transaction.
Randall L. Stephenson: I would say you should anticipate – expect that to the extent that we can get the standards bodies moving and that we can get the vendor community moving that we would probably have a desire to move faster on 5G, certainly not slower. Our expectation is, as we begin to innovate with content, delivering content over these mobile networks, it's going to give us a lot more enthusiasm to go faster with 5G and not slower. And so we'll obviously do everything we can to try to accelerate all the efforts that are required to make this happen, but a lot of it is a logistical issue, standards bodies being set, getting equipment manufactured and so forth, but we're excited about it.
Randall L. Stephenson: It was a very elegant the way my CFO said yeah, he's preparing to invest. Randall, you better generate revenues. You just got to witness negotiation internally right here on the phone.
Randall L. Stephenson: No, the only thing that changed was our conviction about the opportunity to bring into DIRECTV and the DIRECTV Now development our conviction that unique content could really, really provide a meaningful benefit to our customers and the ability to iterate and innovate on that on top of the OTT model. We're just regaining a lot of conviction that this is going to be a really significant opportunity for our customers. There is a huge customer base out there that we are convinced, while they don't subscribe to a bundle of premium content today at the right price point, over-the-top they will. And if you can bring a compelling price point and a compelling content package and some innovation with it, we are absolutely convinced that this is going to be very, very attractive for large group of customers who really aren't even in the market today.
Randall L. Stephenson: Mike, as it relates just the U.S. wireless market, I think it's important to constantly remember in this industry how we cycle through times. We say, wow, it really is mature and it's just getting hyper competitive. And I can't help but reflect on – I think it was 2005, shortly after we bought AT&T Wireless and we launched the Razr, the Motorola Razr. And I will never forget how many people would ask me, what are you going to do after everybody has a Razr? This industry is mature, right? And, lo and behold, we invest in mobile broadband and smartphones come along. And smartphones take off and they become a catalyst for growth in this business for the last 10 years, literally. And while all this has been going on in the smartphone, we have been accumulating rather aggressively, since 2012, a really big portfolio of wireless spectrum licenses. And we're sitting here today with 40 megahertz of fallow spectrum; fallow, waiting to be built into and deployed for video. Because now with these tablets and these smartphones everywhere, they're not just Internet access devices, they are video consuming devices. And so we have positioned ourselves to begin investing aggressively in ensuring that our customers can enjoy video. And now video and content that is uniquely curetted and developed for these kind of devices. And now we haven't even begun to talk about 5G. And as you think about 5G, video is a huge driver of it, but it goes so far beyond video, as we think about where it goes in a world of 5G, 1-gig type networks. Now virtual reality can truly become reality. Augmented reality now begins to manifest itself. We're talking about autonomous cars. I mean, I am convicted. We are going to have autonomous cars traversing our major metropolitan areas in the next five years in a really significant way, depending on who you talk to in the autonomous car business, the developers and the inventors. They believe that the bandwidth requirement of an autonomous car is 1-gigabyte per car per mile, just huge bandwidth requirements; IoT, Internet of Things, healthcare. I just think one of those moments where, yes, everybody has a smartphone, that smartphone is now becoming the launching point for what is next and we think what is next is really significant. And we now have the largest connected car portfolio in the United States. We have most major automobile manufacturers contracted with AT&T. And so we just think there's a lot of opportunity left, Mike.
Randall L. Stephenson: So with that, we'll close. And I just – I want to reiterate. I think Jeff and I, we both have to say, we couldn't be more excited about what we're putting together here. We think this is really, really going to be a unique opportunity. We believe that premium content always wins. And we've said this that it always won in the theater, it now wins in the home, and it is now winning in the mobile device. People want to consume premium content and we have now partnered and are working to combine forces with, we believe, the top premium content developer, aggregator, and distributor in the world. And so we're really looking forward to putting these two companies together, defining the future of media and communications as they converge. We want to set the pace for this to happen. So thanks everybody for joining us and I appreciate your participation.
John J. Stephens: John, if I could add just one thing. I mean, it is a competitive environment in the mobile arena. But look at the results, record 50% wireless service margins, churn our second best third quarter ever, and even lower when you take into account the 2G migration. Look at the postpaid phone churn and you see that it's down at 0.9%. So, it is a competitive environment and there are a lot of promotional activities going on. But our mobility engine, our mobility team is performing quite well. And the capabilities that we get through this transaction only ensure that that part of our business can continue to operate very effectively, efficiently, and profitably.
John J. Stephens: Sure, thanks, a couple things. Rating agencies, we've had conversations with them. They're still considering in the push and pulls of the situation. One is the amount of debt is large and we're all aware of that. On the other side, the ability to generate $60 billion of EBITDA and $45 billion, so to speak, of annual cash from operations provides a great opportunity to service that debt. Third, I think the agencies are evaluating the change, if you will, the diversification opportunities that this provides and the growth, the enhanced growth opportunity that provides. If you look at the transaction from a starting point on date of close, if you assume end of year kind of in the 2.7 times range net debt-to-EBITDA and getting down to close to our traditional target of 1.8 times after four years, that ability to lay that out gives us comfort that we certainly will remain investment-grade and would argue very strongly to keep our current ratings with those agencies. I would expect they'll come out with some interim announcements that will – as they work through the analysis, this is normal in this case. So that's really how we view it. From a rate perspective, I think the one thing I need to point out is over 90% -- or about 90% of our debt is locked into rates with about a 14-year average life. We don't have much floating debt at this time. So first point I make to you is, this transaction really doesn't have – has very minimal effect on our current interest expense cost for the legacy AT&T. When you layer on the towers of debt of Time Warner, they fit very nicely on top of the towers of AT&T, and give a very manageable, very easily managed process for refinancing or paying down debt, so we feel very comfortable with that. Our assumptions were very conservative. We took a step up from a 30-year bond rate that we see today. We took a step up from that in our models in our traditional normal conservative approach. So we feel good about having the right level of interest expense for the incremental. And as I said, the basis is locked up for a long period of time. Thanks, David.
John J. Stephens: Yeah, a couple of things. One, if you look at our overall average debt cost today, it's about 2.5% after tax. So pretty low, and that's with the longer term life, that's with the kind of 14-year average life. I think, Tim, you can see, it can certainly come below a 4.5% or 5% rate. You can certainly get down to the 3% on some of the short-term – shorter term debt and even lower, depending if you – how you want to go to floating. We're going to work out the syndication of the bridge loan in the coming days and weeks, and we'll finalize that, but I want to make sure we are viewing this as a longer-term step. So we're not looking and the deal is not based on getting short-term rates for the next few years, but there is opportunity there compared to our assumption.
John J. Stephens: Yeah. I think on the cash tax rate, if you see the – the cash tax rate is going to stay very low through the bonus depreciation years. And if you look at Time Warner, their cash tax rate – their effective tax rate is lower than ours. Their cash rate is slightly higher than ours. So over time we would continue to expect the cash tax rate to be below the book effective rate. And on a post-merger basis, the book effective rate will be lower than AT&T's is today.
John J. Stephens: Frank, this is John. One thing I'd point out, with the diversification of the revenue stream and the reduction in the capital intensity that Time Warner brings to us, it brings us a lot more financial flexibility. And as we believe this ability to curate video to generate advertising, to be more efficient in production with all the data and insights we'll have, that should bring us profitability or revenue enhancements growth that will allow those decisions to fund the 5G on a very efficient basis while we continue to really manage the health of the balance sheet.
John J. Stephens: So why don't I start off with the synergies? First I want to focus that these synergies are supply chain. They are vendor costs. They're corporate focused. We continue to expect the business units, specifically the three business units that we operate, and then really these are not personnel focused. I just want to make sure that's clear. When you think about our synergies, on a combined basis we'll be a company that spends close to $6 billion a year on advertising. And as we've proven, as our leadership and our corporate communications group has proven over the last year, we can mine savings out of combining two companies' advertising, corporate communications, because they've been very successful with that. We learned that from DTV. If you look, quite frankly, at our telecom spend or Time Warner's telecom spend, they're not an AT&T shop extensively today. We've got a real opportunity to provide really highest quality services, and really from an investment base that we already have. That goes for both wireless and wireline. So that's a very direct one. If you think about the platforms, we've been moving very quickly and very effectively at building a platform for DTV Now to distribute video over all kinds of screens. With that, we now have that ability to share that platform and that distribution device with HBO, with the Turner Networks, with the Warner Studios. We have a real opportunity to do that, and that's going to provide efficiency savings; and then frankly get into the things like what I call shared services, but efficiencies of payroll, efficiencies of accounts payable, efficiencies of cash management, all those kinds of things. So we've done very detailed analysis of these cost-focused synergies. That's what gets us to the viewpoint that at the end of year three, we'll be on a run rate for $1 billion of cost savings and cash flow generation, and we feel very good about that. And once again, it's really focused on really the supply chain, and then of course the corporate structure, but we feel very good about achieving that.
John J. Stephens: Hey, Mike, with regard to your last question, let me make one point first. On our branded phones, we had net adds this quarter. I want to make sure everybody knows that. Secondly, the 2G migration and the decision to shut down that network on or about January 1 is impacting that and we had pressure in the quarter, particularly to our postpaid phone base because of that and that will alleviate next year, that's correct. Third, we're seeing tremendous development for us in the prepaid space with the Cricket brand and adding significant customers there, a space that's still relatively new to us. We've been in it about two new years now in a significant way. It's what's helping drive margins. I'd say that has really improved the revenue growth, the profitability, and the customer accounts. And as we've talked about many times before, the cost of adding a prepaid subscriber is very, very low; no billing, no credit checks, no subsidies, and the ARPUs that we're getting out of it is very good. So all that's happening and that's what's adding to these great margins, that's what's building these great margins. The one thing I would point to you though, that we're more excited about than just pure count is the fact that we added 700,000 smartphones during the quarter. So the devices that – so that while our – while our total net adds, our branded phone adds were certainly less than that 700,000, we are trading up to much higher quality customer, who has much more functionality with his phone, particularly in light of this transaction, much higher quality, capability to watch video and utilize the content that Time Warner brings, we feel very good in that position. On a going forward basis, after we get through the 2G, certainly we should see some of the 2G – we will see the 2G pressures alleviate. But the focus for growth is what Randall really talked about in the sense of these platforms we've built, whether they'd be the connected cars, whether they'd be the Internet of Things, whether they'd be the various different capabilities we provide business and consumers in this Internet of Things environment, as well as the prepaid market, as we continue to take share and grow in that. So that's where we think this real opportunity is. Certainly, we'll continue to grow our smartphone base. I don't mean to imply we own it all, but it is a more mature market. It's the opportunity to – if you will ship those feature phones to smartphones, and if that opportunity to play into a prepaid space and value customer space that hadn't been our focus for – our lead focus for years now has become a very strong focus for us, and then the Internet of Things, the connected devices, which provide a dramatic opportunity for us, both from a business and a consumer customer.
