John Stephens: That's good question, Phil. First of all, I think the rating agencies will take into account the lease commitment and we are working through that with them for the stated first lease plus some level of renewals. We are going through that process now. Don't have a certain number for how much they will but I would expect it somewhere in the 10 to 15 year range of lease payments is what it seems to be approaching, which is certainly less than half of the total proceeds. I know those are real general numbers but you are right, they will take some of that into account. That's the first question. The second question is, with regard to what are we going to with the proceeds. I don't have a specific answer for you on that. We are going to follow the same pattern we have had before. One, keep the dividends strong. Two, keep investing money in our networks to grow the business and to transform the business. Three, keep financial flexibility. We have been able to do all that before we got these proceeds. So we feel good about that. The next issue is then, what do you do with the money afterwards? You pay down debt, you buyback shares, do you keep it for additional flexibility? We will go through that evaluation, but I will tell you, we are going to continue to be opportunistic and buyback shares. I think we have shown that over the last year and a half and that hasn't changed. But we will be careful and opportunistic with that.
John Stephens: Phil, it's an interesting question. First and foremost, from directly from the business that we get from the government, I wouldn't suggest you that it's a significant or material amount anyway. There has been some changes. There is so many from usage changes and some adjustments in the amount they are using. So from that perspective, it's not material, not significant in anyway. From an overall perspective, on just the business environment, the regulatory environment and now the inconsistency or instability of the government environment, I think it affects all businesses and we are seeing that. Our customers are being careful and being prudent and because of that, business investment in general has been slower and as you can see in the employment levels, employment may also be impacted. So I think it is much more of an indirect impact on us than a direct impact.
John Stephens: First and foremost, Simon, with regard to the CapEx spend, we are not trying to limit CapEx spending by a standard compared to last year. We are were trying to smooth it out and get into a normal course, so I think we are on track for the guidance we provided and comfortable with that, but I will tell you that the team that is building our networks is keeping things moving very quickly and we are encouraging that activity in the sense that if they can build it, we are going to be supportive of it. We think that's really good for the customer and services and the company as a whole, but I do not expect any variance from the guidance we provided previously on CapEx. Secondly, with regard to margins, I will tell you that way the sales activity has gone and the way the build has gone, I would expect some continuing pressure, because of success-based customer costs and quite frankly trailing expense on the build out of the U-verse base and we are going to have build out the U-verse base certainly well in defense, certainly throughout '14 and into '15 - certainly expected in the '15, so we will see some continuing pressures. I don't mean to suggest that it would be accelerating in any way, but I don't expect us to get back to our norm, higher level of normal margins for at least another year, but I am more than happy to pay for the success the team is having with regard to the customer additions.
John Stephens: Let me go to the first question. With regard to the wireless market overall, it continues to be competitive and there continues to be a lot of, as I mentioned in my comments, noise around what's going on. I think the first thing to step back from is to realize that our churn was down year-over-year in total churn on postpaid basis and [churn], so even with all this activity our churn numbers are doing really well. We had expected, we are hopeful to improve on that, but we think the power of our network and the power of our customer service is certainly helping that churn aspect and that's the real measured business. Secondly, I really want to point out, we are seeing some pressure in feature phones. We are seeing it from quite frankly two perspectives. One is about close to 70% of our feature phone losses come to us as smartphones. If you see in the quarter, we added 1.2 million smartphone customers to our base, but only 180,000 of those were new adds, the rest of them were conversions basically for our existing feature phone base, so that's where the most of them came from, so that's the pressure of the 2G, as a lot of our customers are stepping up and frankly doubling their revenue with us. Now, there are some customers who are really price-sensitive, who are looking to others and we have come out with new plans both, in mobile share and in the tablet area to addresses those needs and try to give value on a reasonable basis to those customers, so I view this as kind of normal competitive process and with a great network, great customer service, we are going to be able to work through this very quickly. Lastly, when we get Leap closed in the first quarter, we will have even another avenue, another methodology, another process, really to put in your portfolio and to challenge that low-end side of the business.
John Stephens: Okay, good question. Let me kind of comment on both the questions, David. First and foremost, I would suggest to you that more than doubling our postpaid phone adds is something that I am impressed by. I understand you are challenging it, but I am very pleased with it, especially at the same time when we are growing the prepaid market with regards to the GoPhone because of the challenges that we have there. When you add that performance to 700,000 connected device adds, we are adding about 1 million customers to the network in the quarter. It is very good. And the reseller customers that we add, as we said, we have low revenue, we still do reseller revenue in the quarter even with the reduction in customers and there are mainly 2G type customers, which quite frankly, as everyone knows, we are in the process of repurposing that spectrum anyway. So it's dealing with a situation we are going to have to deal with over the next few years. So we are, if you will recognize the fact that there has been real improvement, we certainly are striving for further improvement. When you get into the getting a return on the investments we are making I would suggest you this way, when you look at the total revenue growth of 5%, you really bring that Next issue into the revenue story in the sense of it is real economic revenue we are getting. And so our revenue growth, when you take into account are both service and equipment, it is down to 5% level. But if you look more at just, what you call a service revenue piece of it, David, the story goes like this. First, we are growing smartphone penetration. So we are getting more people on smartphones. As they do that, they are using more data. That's why our key data growth of nearly 18% is. When you look at that then, we look at what they are buying and they are continuing to buy in high level data usage plans. So we doubled the percentage of customers who are buying, kind of the 10 gig plans over the year. It went from 9% to 22% of that customer base on usage plans. If you think about that, that is just the start. There is a long way to go to add revenue through existing customers. When we complete the LTE build and we have this video centric network out there on the wireless space, we expect to see continued growth. All of that is just on the existing customer base and then you move forward with things like Digital Life, like the connected car, like the additional prepaid business we will be investing in. We are pretty excited and pretty confident in our ability to get really solid returns out of our investment.
John Stephens: Yes. Good question. We are always interested in growth, but we are always interested in smart growth, the profitable growth. We are not going to do anything to build one stead up at the cost of our shareholders return to investment, but yes, you know, we are going to watch it very carefully. The biggest change over the next six to nine months we will see I think is the continued build out and completed build out of our 4G LTE network, because that's a big advantage for us. Two, it will be our ability to close the Leap transaction and use that Cricket brand and infrastructure to really take advantage of that marketplace in a different way with different capabilities than we have today and that's what real positive for us.
John Stephens: Great. Jason, let me take the second one first. On the 45-megs Verizon although reaching today two-thirds of the footprint today and we are already seeing - it's still early with the 45 megs, but just with the U-verse platform, we are already seeing significant changes improvements in churn and in customer retention capabilities. It's what is fueling the decision to invest not only in the capital, but also in the success based expenses of converting these customers to this U-verse platform, so we are already seeing that today. We expect that with the 45-meg speeds become standard and as we move even towards 75 or higher speeds, we think that just improves our opportunity. They would be sticky to lower churn and to retaining the customers. We are also seeing some good ARPU activity in the overall Broadband segment. That also gives us confidence, so direct question of 45-megs, two-thirds of our customers have that capability receiving today in footprint. We are ramping that up and we are moving forward to go towards 75. It's early to say a specific tied into the 45 megs, but what we have seen with the U-verse platform in total has been really positive. With regard to the credit metrics, quite frankly, having the best credit rating and having a solid A just the facts of where we are today. We are very proud of that, we have committed back last week or last year where we did the VIP announcement that are going to strive to stay in a single A rating, we have done that and we have done that while we are paying great dividends, while we are buying back shares or making capital improvements, so it's worthy a note that we, if you will, did what we said we are going to do and we continue to hold those ratings and continue to have a lot of flexibility. With regard to any transactions, I have got now comments. There has been enough written and said about a variety of M&A. There's nothing new to add there. No comment with regard to any of that.
John Stephens: Thanks, Mike. Let me give you four high numbers with regard to your first question as opposed to three. One, continuing the network efficiency that LTE provides and driving that efficiency that LTE provides. As we give our customers LTE devices, as we are sure to get them, we are able to grow more networks, I think will be a real driver of margin expansion. I think as we continue to manage the subsidy side, not only in educating the consumers about what this phones cost, not only getting value from a trade-in process and capturing the economic value of the trade-ins that Next might do, but also getting fair pricing on the equipment side, I think, will drive our margins. I think the data growth you just talked about is a real driver of revenue growth and it's a driver of revenue that doesn't come with any of the normal billing, administrative, sales costs. It's existing customers buying and getting more value by using more and buying more from us. Then the last thing is just a real focus, a management of focus on efficiency and a management of focus on streamlining our cost structure. We have had that around here under our One AT&T initiative. So we are going to continue those efforts. Those are the four things from a company perspective that really will drive continued progress in our wireless margins. On the data growth, we definitely believe there's more opportunity for data growth. If you look at the $5.5 billion quarterly revenue base or about $22 billion annualized revenue stream, it's growing at nearly 18%. That is coming from having this great network experience which enables people to use it more, so they want to use it more. They are getting a better experience. So they are buying up. As we mentioned, our usage-based plans, only 22% of them have high data buckets today. On mobiles here, that's 10 gig. On individual plans, that's four gigs. But we have seen that more than double over the last year. It was only 9% last year. Now it's 22%. That's a lot of runway to grow. So we feel really good about that. We think as these customers have a good experience, they continue to use it more. They are going to buy more gigs and be happy with it because of the experience. So that's where we see the data growth. I won't get into specifics about how much of the 5.1% growth is related to that or how much of the buy up of that, but we are excited about the opportunity it provides.
John Stephens: So, Brett, it's a good question and I feel a lot of comments you had will be parts of the answer of the question. First and foremost, we are not giving specific guidance for the fourth quarter on those margins. But we are not changing our overall guidance for the year. We are going to stick by the guidance we gave specifically on wireless margins that we are going to grow margins, year-over-year. So that will give you some indication of what we expect in the fourth quarter. Secondly, the push points that you mentioned, the upgrade cycle going to 24 months tied to the contract is a policy now tied to the contract. The Next improvement, this data revenue growth that we see, other efficiencies we put in, not only from the LTE network being more efficient but what we put in the cost structure, all of those things give us confidence that we are going to be able to meet that year-over-year LTE objective. So that's really how I think about it and why I feel comfortable with standing by the guidance we gave at the beginning of the year.
John Stephens: Yes, we haven't been giving that publicly. And quite frankly, we are still pretty early in that. So as we get through a full upgrade cycle with the new device and plenty of supply on those devices and go through a holiday season, we will probably have a lot better insight. I am not committing to release that data at that time but I will tell you, it's early in the process. We have been pleased and we think it's been a good customer experience where they can capture the value of the trade-in phone, which is really the key to it. It's the economics that makes sense for both parties.
John Stephens: Yes. Thanks, Jennifer. I think 72% of our smartphone customers are on usage based plans, so Jennifer that would include not only the mobile share, but the tier data. The mobile share is about 16 million of our customers. It's about 5 million accounts, about three per account but, yes, we are having good results with those with regard to the plans, not only with smartphones, quite frankly, in general. On churn, on revenues and on the quality of the customer experience, so while we don't publish those specific numbers, yes, we are having good results with that. We believe as we have shown with some recent changes in mobile share plan, it's an appropriate way for us to move forward.
John Stephens: Let me try to address your questions. I think we said in the past that we would expect the CapEx for this year to be in $21 billion range and for '14 and '15 to be in the $20 billion range and at this time we are not adjusting that or changing that. Once again, we are going to be very thoughtful about accelerating any build programs, and where we can do it efficiently, we will do that. I will tell you that the one due issue or one issue that's coming up is that with the Leap announcement and with our ATNI purchase, we may have some additional capital requirements related to those. As we said publicly, we will announce the financial implications, specifically of Leap, when we close the deal which we expect to do in the first quarter, so we are not changing any of the guidance that we talked about for the three-year. Longer term, we really do believe that software-directed networks are an opportunity for us. We think it gives us an ability to not only improve quality, but manage cost effectively, so we are excited about that. I think early results from that have been encouraging and the early results of our network team has been encouraging but I don't want to suggest to you that it is going to have an impact in the guidance that we have already given. I don't want to suggest or imply that we are going to move away from that.
John Stephens: You are welcome. First, let me close with a quick recap. We delivered strong EPS and strong revenue growth. We delivered solid wireless gains and terrific U-verse results for the quarter. We continue to make significant progress across our growth platforms, mobile data, U-verse and strategic business services and our project VIP expansion brings us even more opportunity. Our momentum is solid and we are setting the bar on network performance, which we believe, leaves us well positioned for future growth. Once again very sincere in telling you thank you for being on the call. We really do appreciate your interest in AT&T and have a good day.
