Randall Stephenson: Thanks, Mike. I want to start on slide three to close out 2019. And coming into 2019, we laid out a detailed plan for the year and that plan was the series of specific steps necessary to exit 2019 on a path of sustained growth. A simple summary on slide three is that we met or exceeded every single one of those objectives and the road map is set for the next three years. I told you that our top priority for 2019 was to reduce our debt and exit the year at around 2.5 times debt to EBITDA, done. We have now reduced net debt by about $30 billion since we closed Time Warner. And at the end of 2019, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA was about 2.5 times. We gave you the formula for exactly what it would take to get to this debt level. First, we would need to generate $26 billion of free cash flow, done. We exceeded that handily, generating a record $29 billion for the year. Second, we would need to monetize non-strategic assets and generate $6 billion to $8 billion of cash, done. We actually generated nearly $18 billion, more than double our target. And we've already announced an additional $2 billion, which will close in 2020. On adjusted EPS, we came in right on plan, low single-digit growth. At WarnerMedia, we achieved the 2019 merger synergies and we're preparing to launch HBO Max in May. Growing wireless service revenues was critical and those revenues were up nearly 2% for the full year. We stabilized Entertainment Group EBITDA and brought in our capital investment right on plan. And after sustained investment in our network, AT&T exited 2019 with the best and fastest wireless network in the United States. Our 5G network covers 50 million people today and we expect to have nationwide 5G coverage in the second quarter. As we look forward, our 2019 performance positions us well for the next three years. Our plan is very straightforward and we've laid it out for you on slide four. We see revenue growth every year and expect a 1% to 2% three-year CAGR through 2022. By 2022, adjusted EBITDA margins expand by 200 basis points, adjusted EBITDA grows by about $6 billion, free cash flow is between $30 billion and $32 billion and adjusted EPS grows to between $4.50 and $4.80. This is a plan that generates a lot of cash over the next three years. And the Board has developed a very thoughtful capital allocation approach that will maintain a solid balance sheet and drive shareholder value. First, we'll continue to invest aggressively and at top-tier levels into our core businesses. We expect to invest $20 billion in 2020. Leading in 5G is critical for AT&T and we're not slowing down. We're more than 75% complete on our FirstNet build and that will continue. And we're continuing to deploy fiber. In terms of our capital structure, over the last 18 months we've retired the lion's share of the debt we issued to acquire Time Warner. And we'll continue to pay down debt, but at a much slower pace. Our cash will be focused over the next three years on retiring the shares we issued to acquire Time Warner. By the end of 2022, we will have retired 100% of the debt and 70% of the shares from our Time Warner transaction. In fact, we retired 56 million of these shares in 2019. We also plan to retire about 100 million more in the first quarter of this year to a $4 billion accelerated share repurchase agreement. By 2022, our leverage target is a very comfortable net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.0 to 2.25 times. You can also expect us to continue streamlining our portfolio as we monetize additional assets of $5 billion to $10 billion this year. And as I said earlier, we've already executed agreements that will generate $2 billion this year. John Stephens will cover the specific steps in the plan later. But first, he's going to cover our fourth quarter results. So I'll turn it over to you now John.
Randall Stephenson: Hi, Simon this is Randall. Yeah, as you articulated and for those who aren't familiar, coming into 2019 I told all of you that our number one priority for 2019 was to reduce our debt and get our leverage ratios down to 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA. And it was going to require strong cash flow generation, selling some non-core assets. All that was instrumental in getting there. And to really drive at home and get the focus for the management team as you said, we set that debt-to-EBITDA target as a significant amount of executive compensation and mission accomplished. I think the team executed at an amazing level in terms of identifying asset opportunities to dispose, getting those things driven through the process, negotiated actually getting good prices for all of those assets and then driving just strong cash flows and some impressive working capital opportunities we're taking advantage of and these working capital initiatives that are put in place are not one and done. What we're most excited about are these are working capital initiatives that are repeatable. And so I feel really good about our ability to generate in 2020 even with the HBO Max investments another $28 billion of free cash flow. Coming into this year, the debt objective of 2.5 times isn't what we're working towards. What we're working towards is making sure we're continuing to generate the cash flow to execute the broader capital allocation strategy, meaning more specifically retiring the shares we issued for Time Warner. And as both John Stephens and I articulated in our opening comments that is a focus, and our objective is to retire at least 250 million additional shares this year. We'll get about 100 million of those knocked out in the first quarter. And there's at least 150 million more to be coming in the back part of the year that will generate nice EPS accretion as we move throughout the course of the year. And so all that said, the management team is going to be focused on hitting these earnings objectives that we've laid out for you and the cash flow targets. And that's what compensation will be really focused on. And I think it's going to be effective in generating the cash we need to execute the share buyback programs and the overall capital allocation strategy.
Randall Stephenson: Okay. This is Randall. First of all, I just want to thank everybody for joining us again this morning for the call and your interest in AT&T. We're coming from off of 2019 where we told you exactly what we're going to do. And in terms of debt repayment, operational performance et cetera, capital allocation, we checked every box. We've now given you our playbook for 2020 through 2022. It's a playbook that we feel very confident that we can achieve. We're now gaining momentum in our wireless business, which we feel very good about that. We have a capital allocation plan that we have a high degree of confidence and we'll be able to execute over the next three years. And we have a media business that's performing at a very high level even in an industry that's in transition. And with HBO Max coming and the investment we're making there, we're confident that it's just another growth vehicle for this business over the next three years. So, bottom line, we have a plan that we think stacks up very nicely. We're confident in our ability to execute. We love the management team and look forward to 2020. Again, thank you for joining us this morning.
John Stephens: Thanks, John. Strengthen our balance sheet was our top priority last year and our teams did an excellent job of reducing debt and monetizing our asset portfolio. This allowed us to begin retiring shares at the end of last year while still meeting our net debt ratio goals. In 2020, you can expect that momentum to continue. It all starts with strong free cash flows. We had record free cash flow last year and expect to be in a similar range this year. We achieved this even with some voluntary funding for retiree medical costs and higher tax payments in the fourth quarter. We also overachieved on asset monetizations. We expect to do another $5 billion to $10 billion net monetizations this year with significant efforts already underway. At the same time, we continue to evolve our capital structure. We added more preferred to our capital stack last year when we monetized more than $6 billion of our long-term tower purchase options. And we also issued $1.2 billion of traditional preferred stock. The publicly traded preferred stock is new to us but there is a market for it and it provides investors another alternative to invest with AT&T. In fact, these shares are currently trading at a premium to par. Investors are looking for secured dependable returns, which is exactly what this offers. And dividend rates at less than our common stock dividend yield make it attractive for us. The tower preferreds also allow us to use very long-term assets to generate cash in a tax-efficient manner. We also continue to be focused on our three-year debt reduction targets. Depending on the timing of share retirements and asset monetizations, you will see our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratios fluctuate throughout the year but we expect to continue reducing debt for the full year and intend to target leverage in the two to 2.25 range by the end of 2022. Our share retirement has begun in earnest. We told you we wanted to buy shares as early in the year as possible and that is what you're seeing. Thanks to our $4 billion ASR, we've already bought back about 85 million shares in January and expect to see another 20 million in the remainder of the first quarter. You can expect us to continue to buy back shares during the remainder of the year and meet or exceed our 250 million share retirement target for 2020. That's on top of the 56 million shares we bought back in 2019. We have a lot of levers we can pull to optimize our capital structure. We're focused on managing debt and have a wealth of opportunities with our balance sheet as we showed last year. You can expect us to continue to manage it in a prudent way including issuing additional preferred shares. Now let me revisit our 2020 guidance on Slide 17. Our guidance remains consistent with what we told you in October. This year more so than most, our results will be more weighted to the second half of the year. For example, in the first part of the year, we expect pressure from heavy HBO Max investment, which you saw begin in the fourth quarter. And in EG, higher content and noncash amortization costs as well as continued pressure on video subs. But in the second half of the year you will see our momentum build. For example, share retirements have been aggressive and will continue and the EPS benefits will flow increasingly throughout the year. HBO Max will have launched leading to strong subscriber growth. The run rate benefits of our cost reduction plans will be clearly visible. And 5G combined with HBO Max will drive more upgrades and stronger wireless revenue growth later in the year. Again, all of this has been factored into our full year guidance. With that in mind, here's what we've committed to: 1% to 2% revenue growth; adjusted EPS of $3.60 to $3.70 a share; stable adjusted EBITDA margins; free cash flow in the $28 billion range, with our dividend payout ratio in the low 50s; gross capital investment in the $20 billion range and this doesn't include our investments in content; continued debt reduction with share retirement of 250 million or more common shares in 2020; and our net asset monetizations between $5 billion and $10 billion. Mike, that concludes our presentation. We're now ready for Q&A.
John Stephens: Simon to add to what John said, this is the first year that we've had stable reseller revenues throughout the year. And in fact sequentially, we grew reseller revenues and in year-over-year and the fourth quarter. So what John is talking about, we are not only well positioned for, but it's starting in a small way right now but with the opportunity to make much bigger. It's already occurring and it's contributing to that service revenue growth that we've had both in the quarter and the year.
John Stephens: And just to add to what John said, we have had three years here of very low upgrade rates. Just to some extent people are going to need new phones. And so this is just also this aging of the phone base has been occurring over multiple years. Secondly, this is the first time we're going to have a 5G network up and running and available before the devices are out, the next-generation networks in there. And as John made very clear, the HBO Max and other products we have they would really meld well. The convergence of all three of those things is going to be really attractive for us. With regard to the science of a preferred it's simply this. The market is open to it. Investors want it. They like this certainty. At today's rates, our preferred that's out there is actually trading below 5% yield about a 4.7%, 4.8%. I am seeing it today about a 4.8% yield. So that's lower cash cost than our common dividend, so that saves us money there. Secondly, as you know they don't share in the common profits of it. Third, it's a diversification for us. And so it gives us an opportunity to go into a different investor base. So just like we had done over the last 10 years have really diversified our debt base. This gives us an opportunity to diversify our shareholder base. And we believe that that's good for everybody and also allows us to bring in the volume or the quantum of common shares that are out there. Additionally, when you look at the preferred partnership interest that we've done and the preferred interest, we've done there, that has a very efficient – those dividend costs are much lower, because they're very tax efficient. So those costs get well below 4%. And once again, they allow us to give recognition to assets that people may not have realized. For example, our tower receivables and over $6 billion worth of real option cash that we have a high likelihood of getting, I don't know that anybody was paying much attention to that. Now it gives us the opportunity to put that spotlight that we really already achieved that value. So – but the clear science of the preferred is; one, the dividend costs are lower than our common; second, they're stable and our common is going to continue to grow; third, it gets us to another market segment, another investor base which is helpful; and fourth, that allows us to reduce the reliance on the common share base that's out there. For that perspective, we feel very good about. I feel like it's a really – it's a good move for all of our shareholders.
John Stankey: Hi, John. Happy New Year. So, first of all, fourth quarter of 2019, fourth quarter is seasonally a slower quarter. December is a pretty slow month in general for home-based services, given the dynamics of the holiday and the like, so that's part of the contribution to the issue of the slowdown. The second is, our gross add performance on video wasn't strong. You see the subscriber trends. As we've shared with you, as we move through this year and we start shifting to AT&T TV, our gross add performance starts to get much stronger. And naturally, when you're able to put AT&T TV, a software-based product with fiber, it's a much more natural combination than a satellite dish and fiber. And so, as we start to roll out AT&T TV now in markets and we move in, we're going to see much stronger performance on the fiber side. I'll tell you, as I look at where we are right now in current customer trends, I feel pretty good that that's, in fact, the case and we're going to be where we need to be on that. Frankly, it's not a hard sell. It's a great product. It's a product that customers like. I think, we could do very well with it and I don't expect that we're going to see that continue through. So, that's what I would tell you. You're going to see recovery in 2020. On the Max side, we gave you a range on what to expect in 2020 in terms of dilution, that we're not changing any of that range. The range is a range for a reason. There's a lot of moving parts on Max introduction. It's a combination of both, going to market with subscribers and it's a product that's going to continue to grow over the coming years. And we're going to be looking in the market for opportunities for other content acquisition and the like. And it's entirely possible, we may be opportunistic, or look at something and we want the management team to have that flexibility to be able to balance those things out. We have subscriber growth coming and things are working well with our strategies. We make it a little heavier on trying to build up subscribers and what we expected. I think, that's the nature of building a new and subscription-oriented business. And so, that range is important that we have the flexibility for the management team to do what they want to do. We feel very strongly we're going to get back that investment as we build this new distribution platform over the coming years, that's why we're doing this. We like the dynamic of ultimately having some control of those customers and being in a position where we can manage that life cycle going forward. And we think it's a good smart long-term investment.
John Stankey: Sure. Happy to do that Phil. So, if you step back and think about the position we sit in the -- what I would call the traditional pay TV universe, I mean everybody knows it's in transition. And it's a mature product that's kind of working its way through the back end of a life cycle. But I like where we stand in that and that our total percentage of cost of goods sold in that space relative to the size of the bundle that the customer buys is not huge. Our network portfolio is a fairly concentrated network portfolio. If you think about it the bulk of our profitability comes from three primary networks, its TNT, TBS, and CNN. And I think if you look at trends, we all know that general entertainment content and the bundle is not performing as well and the nice part about our two general entertainment networks TNT and TBS, these are really hybrids. They're a combination of general entertainment and sports. And so they historically perform at the upper end of desirability from a ratings perspective and attractiveness from an advertisers' perspective because of that mix of content that we have. So, one having more contained portfolio; and two, having that mix of content I think is important to basically ride through this transition and have some resiliency. And my view of what's been happening in most carriage agreement negotiations, as we go back out in the market and renew things is our distributors see that and understand that those are important networks to carry forward. And we're continuing to see that people place value on those things even in a more skinny down or a smaller pay TV universe moving forward and feel pretty good about that. Now, let's be clear, the reason we're doing Max is we also know that new distribution platforms need to be out there that are the growth platforms and that match general entertainment content how consumers want to see them. And that pivot between what we're doing with linear networks and what we're doing with Max is a key part of the WarnerMedia strategy. It's an important dance and choreography that we have to do to get that right. And we feel we're positioned very well and make that happen. We spent a lot of time in the Investor Day explaining why we think it's a natural place to go. To keep the networks relevant what you should expect us to do, we will continue to invest that -- in them. We'll continue to make sure that they're viable for our distributors, but you'll see the content shift start to occur a little bit. What we see with subscribers is that obviously they like news and sports. They also like content that's socially relevant. And so probably a mix of starting to see a little bit more unscripted content come in, things that cause people go into the office and talk about it around the water cooler. And that will probably start to supplant hours. It might have been more general entertainment-oriented content that you are going to see showing up on SVOD platforms like HBO Max moving forward. And we think that mix in conjunction with what we're doing with Max will allow us to ensure that the content we're producing in our great studios across our different brands will have a place to market that we can monetize with end user either through distributors in the traditional fashion or through direct-to-consumer constructs where maybe we have a direct relationship with the customer. On the subscriber pay TV low-value construct, look we're mostly through that. I would tell you we've got a little bit more work to do on some promotional roll-offs in the first quarter that is going to continue to show up. And when we shared -- as I shared earlier, what's going to happen on subscriber trends that I think will be more at the rate of decline by the time we exit this year, you should expect you're going to see continuing improvement in our subscriber trends each quarter as we move through. But I will tell you, you just can't flip a switch and get there overnight. And that's why I'm kind of suggesting you should think that we're on a glide path to get back to that ratable decline with subscriber base decline in the aggregate pay TV industry by the time we exit the year. We're going to see probably our heaviest losses in first quarter. When I look at what's happening from an operational performance perspective and what the team is doing on gross add improvements, what we're seeing in churn improvements, the rollout of AT&T TV that really hits its stride in the second quarter in terms of its availability across the customer base, we'll start to see those subscriber trends incrementally improve as those capabilities start to roll into the base. And we'll get to what I just indicated by the time we exit the year.
John Stankey: Simon thanks for asking the question, because I think it highlights a really important aspect of how we're going to grow wireless revenues next year, because we already have that strength as you indicated the network performance and that perception. As we do research out the market is now starting to grow amongst the customer base. I think we have some plans to even fine-tune our brand positioning messages as we move into this year a little bit more. And we know that as we move that perception, which is happening right now, we see momentum in subscriber growth. And so we've got just pure subscriber economics that are going to help us there, make some shifts in distribution. We've got the tailwinds of FirstNet behind us, which are starting to help us dramatically. And I think the coverage improvements that occur as we get into the second phase of FirstNet will allow us to move through that. And then we talked about just a few minutes ago what we're doing on the upgrade cycles and the Max launch. There's a lot of good things moving our direction what I would call the core organic part of the wireless business to grow revenues. And frankly over the last several years, our wholesale business had been a bit of a headwind in our wireless business, because we didn't have the flash capacity that we've now been able to turn up with these key investments over the last 1.5 years.  We're now in a much different position than we've historically been and where we've had to be very guarded about our wholesale position largely because we needed capacity to support our retail base. And we're now, I think in a position in the industry when I look at what has to happen with people either in a deal or no-deal situation in spectrum and their spectrum holdings that we are probably more flashed than others in the industry. And we can in fact play in a different way in the wholesale space. We're not just focused on cable. I think we want to do as I've indicated previously the right deal, a deal that's constructive for the industry in general. Certainly if there was an opportunity to do something in that space, we might do it. But there's a lot of other wholesale options out there that we expect to lean into and I expect we can step up to in the most accretive fashion possible. And what I would indicate to you that I think whether you believe a T-Mobile, Sprint deal occurs or doesn't occur either way they are going to need to be partners in the industry that need to round out networks and do some things differently. And we would also try to understand whether or not we have other partners in the industry or merging partners in the industry that we can help with on the wholesale side. So, there are plenty of options for us to go and start pulling that wholesale lever and driving it up. And I think that will be an incremental difference for us than what we've seen over the last couple of years that we've been managing that number down.
John Stankey: Dave so I don't know that I would use the term super cycle. I don't look at the plan and say, we're expecting a super cycle. But we are expecting an increase or a step-up in what's occurring. And look I think that the foundation of that assumption is based on we've done a couple of different area interface changes. We did the UMTS air interface change. We did the LTE air interface change. And I think there were similar discussions going on at that point in time. Well will somebody really need the increased LTE speed over UMTS? It works perfectly fine. And I would tell you we do see this step-up occur because naturally speaking people have a tendency to sit around and run speed test on their devices. And when somebody next to them is getting better performance, it raises awareness amongst the subscriber base. And I expect that there's going to be a certain number of folks who look at that and just say because that device performs better because these new devices have access to a much broader swath of bands it's going to perform better. And we are going to see a degree of uptick simply because the subscriber base is going to notice that there is a degree of performance etcetera as a result of that. Secondly as I said we're going to be driving some of this ourselves. We're going to be out there with some pretty aggressive promotion on HBO Max and we're going to be tying these to our better plans. And when you look at what we're assuming in our business plan for the year, our increases in the number of customers moving into unlimited aren't crazy silly step function changes. They're more of the trend and taking advantage of the fact that we are going to put more advertising dollars into the market to support Max and support 5G. And we'll get some nominal uptick in what those migrations into our higher-value unlimited plans are. So we want to stimulate some of that. We're coming off of historic lows of upgrades. And we think the market is set up to basically go through renewal cycle given, how we're promoting. It's coming at the end of the year in the holiday season. There's going to be better networks out there. We do expect there's going to be an uptick in the upgrade cycle. Super cycle maybe a little bit too strong a word than an uptick yes.
John Stankey: So, the short answer to your first question Kannan is, no. We -- first of all, as you're aware, we went through a fairly significant renegotiation cycle over the last 12 months, so those are all baked in the bag through the next three to five years depending on the nature of the particular content and I don't see any exposure in any of those agreements. I would suggest we're not going to continue to pay at the best part of the rate card given the size and the scale of our business as we move forward. I think frankly, what's more likely to happen in pay TV moving forward is what I talked about earlier, where I think there'll be some pruning and trimming of offers in the market. As folks move forward to manage their cost of goods sold on programming costs, it will be dropping or shifting away from less traffic networks. I think that's going to be a bigger driver of cost structure than renegotiation or anything around that. But we're pretty well baked in that regard. As you know, one of the things we're working through is, we have a step-up in our content cost as a result of that significant renegotiation work we did last year. We're going to have to work through that in 2020. And then in the subsequent years '21, '22, you'll see us on what I would call more industry traditional step-ups year-over-year in programming costs. But we're in the bag on those things and I think we're in pretty good shape. On the broadband attach rates, the attach rates in footprint where we offer broadband are extremely high and they haven't changed. We would expect to see a modest step-up as we move away from satellite combined with broadband and get into our software product distributed over broadband. Those sales rates, I think will help us on gross not necessarily a significant change in attach rates. When we are successful selling, we typically attach both. The reality is, is we want more gross. We don't necessarily want to change the attach rate. We get more gross by the fact that for example in footprint, solid 10% of those subscribers have line of sight related issues on satellite. They won't have that on the software-driven product. That helps us on gross intake and that's one of those things that help us -- helps us as we move through this year change those subscriber trends.
