John Stankey: Thanks, Amir, and good morning, everyone. I hope you’re all healthy and doing well and thank you for joining us this morning. John and I are going to keep our comments brief so we can spend more time taking your questions, so let’s start with Slide 3. First, our industry leading network is the driver of our strong wireless, customer accounts and our healthy broadband and enterprise trends. Our high-quality network underpins our connectivity business and our commitment to customers. Ookla last week ranked AT&T #1 for having the fastest nationwide 5G network and for the seventh quarter in a row, we won the overall fastest wireless network and were named fastest wireless network for iPhones in the third quarter. J.D. Power last month named us tops in customer satisfaction for residential Internet service in every region we offer that service. The net promoter scores we’re achieving with our fiber products are materially better than cables and are helping drive increasing penetration rates across our markets. I'm really pleased with the great execution from our AT&T communications team led by Jeff McElfresh under some really challenging circumstances. Second, the transformation of our business continues and is on track with how we set this up for you a year ago. The organization has been working to reduce costs, streamline distribution, remove redundancies, and simplify processes and support functions. Our focus is supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience. Accordingly, these efficiencies are being plowed back into growth in our market focus areas. And third, we're committed to further strengthening our balance sheet and maintaining our deliberate capital allocation. We've made material progress this year with our debt management, while generating solid free cash flow to support our dividend. John will provide more detail, but you're seeing a sharply focused capital structure that is strong, resilient, and efficient. We also have a very pragmatic view of the broader economic picture and the COVID driven challenges we faced in some segments, particularly WarnerMedia. In a COVID environment with a tough theatrical business, we made important organizational moves that further position us for growth in direct to consumer streaming. Through the pandemic, we continue to invest in HBO Max and continue to grow total HBO and HBO Max subscribers. I'm pleased with how the WarnerMedia team is responding to a challenging environment. In closing, we recognize that we have more work to do in executing on our vision and earning the loyalty of our customers and investors. I believe this quarter shows we've taken the first few steps in the right direction, but there's more opportunity ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to John to quickly review the details of the quarter.
John Stankey: Good morning, John. How are you? So, first, on the subscriber side, I think the answer is it's hard work and really good work. This is something that's been in the making for a period of time where the team has been focused on a variety of different strategies, and I'm not going to point to any one thing. I think we've done a number of things very well, including reengineering our distribution. We have a much broader approach to distribution today and a more effective approach in terms of efficiency of what it's bringing in. You heard John address some of that in his comments. We have been very, very focused on making sure we give value to our right customers. And data has helped us do that. And some of the gain you're seeing is that we're able to segment the portions of the market that we think we have issues to address on a value basis, and get the right kind of dynamics out to those customers through the right kind of distribution. That's working, because we have been very deliberate over the last several years, building a much higher quality network, starting with the FirstNet construct. And that higher quality network has removed a reason for customers to leave, because they're satisfied with the service that they're getting on the network infrastructure, as COVID hit and the wireless networks became much more suburban-oriented than urban-oriented, our strength in low band spectrum are literally undisputed strength and volume of low band spectrum has helped because the suburban experience is oftentimes a more distributed experience. And when you think about penetrating inside buildings, you need low band spectrum to do that. Mid band is not going to do that in a suburban environment nor is millimeter wave, at least not anytime soon, until density starts to pick up. And so we've been very focused on that. And we intend to be very focused on that moving forward. And I would tell you, I'll just answer it right now because I'm sure somebody's going to ask on our promotions that are out in the market, and what we're doing with the iPhone launch is more of the same. We have an incredibly valuable customer base. It's our most important asset for us to focus on. And when we go in and we look at the data and we understand why that base elects not to stay with us, it's not because of customer service or it's not because they don't like the network, it's because more often than not, they see some enticement to go somewhere else and that's usually a device offer or a belief that they can't fine tune their plan to meet their economic construct that they want. And we're now in a position where we can address that. And this offer is going to attack that very point. It's going to ensure that our very best customers, many have been very loyal to us. These are original iPhone subscribers that have been around a long time are treated just like a new customer coming into our business and that they can avail themselves of that opportunity and recommit to us for a very, very long period of time. And while we're getting to talk to them at that moment, we get an opportunity to chat with them about buying up to unlimited plans. And we get an opportunity to move them up the continuum to our higher value unlimited plans that include entertainment. And so that's a win-win for us in that construct and it pays off economically. Our base is less committed to contract than our competitors. We know that statistically. And part of this is just simply ensuring that our base is sitting in a similar position to our competitors, to make sure that we can continue this record breaking churn that we've set up. And that's a smart economic decision for us and it's a smart decision in positioning the brand with our customers. And so when we know we can address the number one reason why people are leaving us and do it this way, we get that accretion that comes out of buying up on the unlimited plans, getting them to the sticky entertainment, we think that's the right place for us to be. On your second question regarding fiber, my intent is to exit next year in a construct where we are gaining subscribers, gaining share and growing the broadband business. And our footprint will be engineered to allow that to happen. And we still have a lot of fiber that we can sell into. You saw that this quarter. We're selling into our existing footprint of a little over 14 million fiber homes and we're doing it very effectively. And you heard my comment about how much customers liked the product and that's one of the reasons we're having great success and we're going to continue to push in that footprint. We've been adding fiber footprint, as we've talked about, slowly. We're going to pick that up a bit so that we can make sure we're in a share gain position and we're actually growing the broadband business as we exit next year.
John Stankey: So we're not giving our guidance on capital for next year at this point. I will tell you that we feel comfortable that we can manage the cash flow equation effectively and do what I just said. I'm not concerned about that part of it. We’ll come out a little bit later this year and we'll give you the guidance and lay out those numbers for you. But I feel really comfortable. If you kind of look at what's going on in these customer accounts certainly help. I think you're aware we're working really hard on the cost equation around here and that's helping us invest in some of the work we're doing in the markets. We have a very different build in front of us and we've traditionally had I think – if you think about what we've historically been doing on the fiber side, we've had to light up new central offices, kind of new geographic areas, which tends to be a little bit more expensive, have an opportunity to do some really economic fill-in and shorten the cycle from investment to cash that we can factor in on this. So we'll give you some direction next year, but I don't think you're going to see an appreciable change in our trajectory as we go through this. And we'll fill in the blanks for you coming forward here. On the video side, we've been focused on high-value customers. And so some of this, what you're seeing is, when we made this shift to kind of get out of the promotional dynamic and frankly others in the industry got out of a promotional dynamic where the VMPDs decided to go to a first price that's a little bit more reflective of their cost structure, that normalized a lot of things. We had to work through that for a couple of quarters, because it definitely impacts gross. Because the gross that we're taking in right now or effective customers are ones we can make money on and the ones that are not just churning back and forth, and we think that's a much better mix and you're starting to see us work through that cycle a little bit. But look, I want to give a lot of credit to the team as we've been clear on what our direction is. They're focused on ensuring that we run the business the right way and we've been a lot better at retention. We have a better product in the market right now for those people that we compare with broadband. The AT&T TV product is a much more natural fit in terms of how customers want to use a pay TV service today than the satellite product is. And when we compare it with broadband, which as you see we've got improved volumes on broadband, that helps our video business. So as we continue that momentum and we think about what we can do in the next year that can help the video business as well, I'm not going to suggest to you that it's anything but a mature business that's going to continue some degree of decline. But we told you, we'd like to exit this year with our decline rate looking more ratable to our share and we're on that march to do that. We're doing it by some tried-and-trued approaches to how we should manage the base, how we should manage our customers, what kind of service we should give them. And the team's done a really nice job of kind of getting back to basics on that and doing the right things around it. And the final question, I'm not going to comment on any speculation at this point.
John Stankey: Brett, that’s a good question. Thank you. I would tell you this. Obviously, winning policy in the country where it stands right now is attractive for investment and infrastructure and attractive for investment in fiber. And we think we've had the right kind of formula around that. And I would expect that if there is a new administration, there may be a lens put on that. They may want to put their pen to how they want to tweak it. And certainly there's some broader things that need to be done in this country, addressing some of the more hard to serve areas in the digital divide dynamics that make that a worthwhile thing for people to have discussion on. I would tell you, I don't think we need policy to get better. We just need to ensure that the policy doesn't whipsaw back to someplace that is inconsistent with incenting investment in infrastructure, because I believe right now there is to your point a large incentive for people to go and continue to put money into infrastructure investment, and we would be one of those to do that. I think good things come from that when we do it. We employ a lot of very meaningful middle class jobs that pay people well that come with benefits, that allow them to do great things in their lives and better their family's lives. And I think everybody from a policy perspective would look to that and say that's the exact kind of jobs we want. They're the ones that are good for this economy and good for people and have all the characteristics that nobody debase We want to see the American worker experience. What I would say from a perspective of step on the gas and what we are working on internally and what I've had the team focused on is, our company is in a very unique position of anybody that we compete with in our competitive set. We serve everybody from the smallest residential customer up to the largest corporation and everything in between. And we run, to your point Brett, one of the largest footprints that still has customers that want to connect to the network on a fixed basis. And so we should be in a very unique position for every trench foot of fiber that we put in the ground of putting more traffic on that fiber and monetizing it more effectively than anybody else, given the breadth of the customer base that we serve and the footprint that we serve. The retail mix that we have as well as the very robust fixed wholesale mix that we have in serving others infrastructure. And my belief, not my belief, I know that as a company, we probably have not squeezed the lemon out of that juice quite enough. And what I am trying to drive this business forward on is getting much more artful in our engineering to ensure that every trench foot of fiber that we're putting in, we are serving every segment we can serve as effectively as we can and we're not looking at our investment on a customer segment by customer segment basis, but we're looking at it as a transfer to fiber that we put in that has a bunch of different access technologies that hang off the end of it, sometimes it happens to be a millimeter wave site, sometimes it happens to be a big cell tower with four occupants on it that we sell wholesale into, sometimes it happens to be a strip mall where some of those customers want to be served with a fixed connection and some can get by with simply having a credit card reader attached to a wireless network. And sometimes it's a single family household. But we can be the best at doing that. And when I am confident that we are actually engineering and executing in that fashion, I will step on the gas with a way that I think everybody will look at it and say, those returns are so darn good, why wouldn't you do that. We've done really well in our investments thus far. Our consumer broadband business is a good business. Our wholesale infrastructure business is a good business. Our private network business that goes to the enterprise customers is a good business. But we're at this moment where fiber is the juice behind every single network that served this notion of wireless versus fixed is blurry more and more. The millimeter wave dynamic will drive to the integrated fiber network and we should be the leader in that space. And when I'm confident that we're engineering and operating that way, then I will be very, very robust in how I think about funding our business to do that.
John Stankey: Yes. So, Mike, let me – it’s good to hear from you. I'll take the second part of that and then ask John to maybe round out the first part of your question. So, managing through the legacy wireline issues in our business segment, that's not anything new. In fact, I think I'd like to kind of declare we're on the downhill side of that issue. My point of view on what matters to our business subscribers moving forward is great connectivity and great infrastructure and more and more, it's a mix of what they need for their core networks matched with what they need for their wireless services. And not an insignificant part of our strength in our subscriber numbers have come from us marrying those two things together. We're doing much better in the wireless space on customers that we sell other network to. And I believe we have opportunity to do more. And it gets back to my point of view of where we put our fiber and how we deal with the midmarket and how we connect the midmarket to the core fixed infrastructure that they need to use for major parts of their business and marry it to the reality that all businesses are mobile in some way, shape, or form right now. I think that's our sweet spot moving forward and that's where our growth can come from, and that's where we have the team focused right now. And so I think the play in business is a core conductivity play. It gets back to my comments that we are in a very unique position, that if we put that fiber in because of the products and services that we have on core complex network connectivity that we do so well on with highly secure corporate networks, whether they be midsize or large, plus then what you pick up in the smaller segment of the market for unmanaged broadband connections that come off the back of that fiber mixed with our strength of wireless, that's a winning combination for us. And that's where we should be focused and in fact that's where we are focused right now. And that's what the enterprise organization is spending their time and energy on and how we're equipping our distribution, how we're setting up our distribution channels that both can sell wireless and basic fiber connectivity into these areas and that will be our meat and potatoes and what that business is built on. And I think that there's nothing more complicated about it than that.
John Stephens: No. Simon, we've got the balance sheet and the debt towers, the debt maturities in really good shape, a lot of flexibility not only over the near term as we spelled out in the slides but quite frankly over the long term. So feel very good about that. The bond market has responded very well to it. We’ll continue to reduce our debt levels, but we've got a lot of flexibility going forward. And so I feel good about that. The one thing I'd say is, this all starts with a cash flow number and the resiliency of our products and services, the resiliency of our customers as they continue to pay us on a timely basis for our services is really, really important. That's the core of it. It’s what John talked about when he's talking about low churn and it gives us a basis for all of this. So we feel very good about where we're going.
John Stephens: Yes. So first thing, David, let me go back on the cash flow side. It really does [indiscernible] our customers. And when we came out with our guidance for the year, there was uncertainty and lack of visibility with regard to COVID. So we were careful and prudent with that. It turns out our – and you can see it in the third quarter balance sheet, you can see it in the third quarter results, our collection rates have been very good. The resiliency of the products, appreciation for the service, we're getting paid on a timely basis and at very good levels. And so that's the first point. The second point is across the board, there's been working capital efforts, whether it's managing receivables, managing payables, whether it's tax payments, that all has been done. Some of that came out of the CARES Act with the benefits of, for example, deferring payroll tax payments or deferring income tax payments that were allowed by the CARES Act, all of that's been taken into account. I think we normally have a history of being very focused on working capital and focused on cash flow. When we come back to it though, the resiliency of the products and services, the growth and mobility, the growth in fiber, the strong performance in HBO Max, is all leading us to a better revenue stream situation such that I feel really comfortable about going to that 26 billion or better number. Now, there's still uncertainty. And so there's not a specific number we can pay. And quite frankly, we'll see how sales go in the working capital impacts of the iPhone launch, feel really good about that. But that's the basis for where we came up to it. All the pieces you mentioned are a part of that. You can look at the disclosures in the third quarter in the 10-Q to kind of get some of the specifics that you asked about [indiscernible]. But those are all taken into account. I feel good about dividend payout ratio in that high 50s rate. And quite frankly, in a pandemic here that's pretty remarkable. It's really as good as it's been in probably five or six years. So it's really a sign of a strong balance sheet, a strong business. On tax reform, quite frankly, the rate issue is obviously the increase in the rates could cause tax payments to go up. It's also a little [indiscernible] impact on bonus depreciation, the incentive for CapEx. We are certainly one of the larger, if not the largest, capital investors in the United States that generates a ton of jobs for our employees as well as for our suppliers’ employees. So we're watching that carefully. That's probably a significant issue for the overall economy as well as for any individual company's tax treatment. Likewise, if you look at over the last 20 years, that's been supported by both parties, whether it be Democratic or Republican [indiscernible]. So we'll continue to follow it and we'll continue to follow, quite frankly, the infrastructure reforms whether they decide to include any of the broadband activity in there and whether we can – that would fit within our efforts to expand our fiber base and expand our footprint.
John Stephens: John, let me just add. Mike, to your question, we added close to 400,000 non-phone postpaid net adds. A lot of that were the kind of devices that business, education uses. And so we're seeing what you were discussing, we are seeing that aspect in our postpaid numbers already. Additionally, we had about 4 million connected devices and other connections in the quarter. So what you're referring to is happening today at different levels certainly of ARPUs, but we are very well connected. And the last thing I’d say in on the FirstNet business that we have, a lot of the connections, the 1.7 million connections we have, some of those are those connected devices as opposed to just the phone aspect of it. So it's happening now and we're responding and I feel good about it. With regard to the cost cutting activities, let me just point out. We set a target of about $6 billion. We talked about that target last – beginning of the year and in October on a movement forward. We are continuing to work towards that goal. We've seen some immediate benefits already and John referred to it. Our review of our distribution capabilities are pushed towards digital, which is a more streamlined, simpler approach, improving the quality of that. The teams’ made great progress that customers are happy with realigning our stores. We had the opportunity that we had two state mandates well over 1,000 stores closed that we made and we had a timing opportunity to adjust that and to shift some of that to authorized agents at a lower cost, relocate and close some stores to be very efficient. That's going on. We told you before that we had virtualized close to 75% of our network activities, we're continuing to do that. I can tell you my finance organization, we probably have on the new company combined have 125 or so systems we use and we've got a plan now to take out and reduce combined, consolidate probably two-thirds of those and we're starting on that. So those are the kind of flavor of the items we're doing. We're confident we're going to get there over the next few years. We've already gotten significant amounts of it through our organizational alignment, through our benefit efficiencies. But you can believe that we’ll continue to do that. The best point I can make to you on these two things is these two were in the middle of the pandemic, we added 1 million postpaid customers and mobility. We had significant impacts on our roaming and our EBITDA was essentially flat. It does that because you do really good cost controls. I could tell you that same story on our business wireline. And look at those results in there EBITDA actually grew and margins grew. That's from these transformational efforts, really taking hold in the team, really doing a good job. I can't give you specific dollar amounts by categories. I have those, but we're not disclosing those. We're just working through this whole process. We got a lot more work to do. But the progress so far is encouraging.
