Ralph de la Vega: Simon, let me address the churn question. Yes, I think there's room for improvement. I think we're always focused on that metric, which is a key metric that allows our business to grow in every way. We think that the improvements that we're making in the network and in the customer experience are significant and that quite frankly, the best is yet to come. So I'm very bullish on keeping churn low and even performing better than what we have seen here in the first quarter. I'm very bullish on the LTE network that we're building. As you heard me say, the PCWorld article is a great article that really tested our network in 9 cities head-to-head against the best in the industry and we came out on top. And so I am very excited about the prospects that a great LTE network with HSPA technology bring to the marketplace. I mentioned this in my earlier messaging, but I want to repeat it, that I think we're on the verge of a tipping point with the mobile Internet. IDC released the figures that last year at the end of the year, for the first time ever, the shipments of smartphones topped the shipments of PCs. And then when you add on top of that tablets, which are mobile devices, it's estimated that we have reached the tipping point with the mobile Internet, that from here on out, you can expect to see more and more increases in people accessing the Internet through their mobile devices. And that plays to our strategy of building a great LTE network on top of our HSPA network, and then rolling out terrific new LTE devices like we just did with the Nokia Lumia. I think that combination of network, devices, applications, when you combine it with cloud computing and HTML5 capabilities, it says that customers are going to continue to access the mobile Internet in ways that we have not seen before. And that applies both to business and consumer customers. Our business team did a terrific job this quarter in adding subscribers and connecting them to the network. So we're very bullish on the outlook for the mobile Internet and churn. It goes a long way to say that customers love what we're doing in this area.
Ralph de la Vega: Yes. John, I don't think it's appropriate for us to speculate on what would happen with the Verizon spectrum. But we've said before, we prefer low-band spectrum. That is our preferred option. And we did get low-band spectrum with the Qualcomm purchase, which is something that we're looking to put into play with our LTE aggregation capability. And like John Stephens mentioned, we have been looking for small acquisitions, which we've done several in the first quarter already and we'll continue to look for more because we don't see this data growth slowing. I think I mentioned several times in the call that I think this mobile Internet is going to continue to drive data growth. And so we're going to continue to look for the FCC and others to bring spectrum to market so that we can address the longer-term needs that we have, and quite frankly, that the industry has.
Ralph de la Vega: Yes. Tim, what I can add in terms of the pricing from a sales point of view is that we haven't seen any significant impact to any of the pricing moves that we've made. Our sales team continues to sell well. We have great traffic in our stores and we're very pleased with where that situation stands. In terms of the handset policy, I think John said it all. But I do want to clarify that we typically expect handset upgrade volumes to fluctuate when there are new devices in the marketplace. They go up and down and they'll be subject to that. That's no different than what we have seen in the past, but we feel really good about the forecast that we gave you for flat smartphone sales year-over-year at this point.
Ralph de la Vega: Yes. Dave, this is Ralph. Let me just try to address the first part of the question. I think what we're doing to address any concern in the second half of the year is what we normally do with the basics. And I really love where our basics are in this business in that our network is expanding with 4G capability. It keeps getting better. Other people are saying it, customers are noticing it. You see that in our churn numbers, both for total postpaid and iPhone. So I think all the fundamentals are moving in the right direction. And I know we're going to get better on the network side. I also can tell you that I said briefly that we're working on the customer experience. I'm very proud that our retail team in the last several quarters have been ranked #1 by Nielsen in terms of their willingness to recommend in our retail stores. Just an incredible progress being made there by Paul Roth and the retail team. And so a combination of those 2 things is the best that we can do to ensure continued success, continued low churn, that is to give customers great service, both from a network point of view and from a customer service point of view. And we're very proud of those -- the progress that we've made in both of those areas.
Ralph de la Vega: Mike, let me give you some thoughts on the future of postpaid ARPU. I feel very good about the guidance that we've given you to look for the 2% range. And I think we mentioned on the call that when you look at phone-only ARPU, that's actually already north of 2%. And what I really like about what we see with customers these days, and I want to make sure everybody gets this, our research has demonstrated to us that whereas a couple of years ago, customers are actually afraid to use some of these smartphones because of the technology, they were not sure they could deal with them. Two years hence, the feedback that we're getting when we do customer research on these smartphones say that customers now feel that these devices make their lives easier. That's a huge, huge change in the attitude of customers. So they're accepting smartphones in numbers that we have never seen before. And the good thing about that, which is why I feel good about the trends for postpaid ARPU, is that smartphones have ARPU that is 90% higher than quick messaging devices or feature phones. So customers are loving these devices for their ease-of-use now. I think the ecosystem, the combination of the various OSs, the application developers and enabling networks that we're building are making it real easy, very low-latency networks, very great speeds are all leading to better usage. When you talk about better usage, then we see ARPU growth opportunities. And it's a little bit too early to tell you what we're seeing in the trends between 3G and 4G. But generally, when we make faster networks available, we see that customers' usage grows. And that's why I like so much our position on tiered data plans, that we have over 60% of our customers now on tiered data plans. So if they want to use more data, they can use more data, and we'll see ARPU and revenue growth as a result of that.
Ralph de la Vega: Yes, I think that the nature of these networks, Mike, because of their speed and their latency and the usage, I think customers will trend to use the higher-tiered plans as they go to the higher-speed networks.
Ralph de la Vega: Okay. Mike, let me address the first one. I think that data is going to continue to drive our ARPU growth. And quite frankly, I think that it's hard for us to see a cap on that. I think that with the customer demand, the great applications, the great content that we see and the fantastic network capabilities that we're building to allow customers to consume that content, that's going to continue to drive growth for the foreseeable future. In terms of voice, what we're trying to do is stabilize voice. And we're beginning to see that we anticipate that voice will stabilize. We saw a little bit of an impact when we launched our free mobile to any mobile. But we anticipate that, that will stabilize. And then ARPU growth will continue to drive -- our overall ARPU growth data will drive our overall ARPU growth. And then in terms of the smartphone penetration, I don't have any additional insights that I can give you in terms of the higher end of the market. But typically, upgrades are triggered when there's a new device that people love in the market. And that's why I mentioned that it'll go up and down by quarters, depending on what the customer needs are. But we feel very good about where we are right now and we always give the customers the choice. We think we have a terrific lineup in every operating system, including the new Microsoft OS. And so we feel pretty comfortable that we've got a great capability to offer customers.
Ralph de la Vega: Well, we continue to look at those kind of options, Mike. We always try to look at that, and quite frankly, also continue to look at data, and how we can have data packages that address this changing trend that I mentioned with data usage. And we will address those. But I don't think it's appropriate to release those details on this call. But rest assured that we're looking at the things that you mentioned, as well as others, to address the changing trends in this industry.
Ralph de la Vega: Jason, in the spectrum area, I don't think that we need to abide by what somebody else may have to deal with because that's a very specific situation to a particular carrier. So no, I don't think we should feel like we have to do something similar should more spectrum become available.
John Joseph Stephens: Simon, let me address your question with regard to our portfolio analysis processes on specifically rural access lines. As we've said before and as I think you're aware, the key here is that at this time, we don't have a broadband solution for rural America right now. So over the next 12 to 24 months, we'll spend -- we'll continue to spend time analyzing that situation and analyzing alternatives for it. I won't speculate about what conclusions we might reach or what impact that might have on our financial metrics. I will tell you that we are very aware and very proud of being known as a strong, consistent dividend payer. And our philosophy in that regard has not changed.
John Joseph Stephens: All right. John, as the way we look at it is I think we gave guidance that we expected smartphone sales to be 25 million for the year. That's what's been out there. That's what our expectations are. We're not moving off of that. I clearly understand the reasons for your question and so forth, but right now, we're going to stay in that range. I will tell you the things you mentioned are one of the reasons we have growing confidence in meeting our guidance and continuing to perform total company and in the wireless margin area very well.
John Joseph Stephens: Thanks, Phil. From an economy standpoint, I would suggest to you that we -- as I mentioned before, we've not assumed any lift in the economy throughout this year. And quite frankly, to date, I don't believe we've seen it. I think you know very well about the current status of unemployment metrics, interest rates, business starts. But I will tell you that a couple of things have gone on in the sense of we continue to see large business willing to invest in strategic services and the efficiencies they bring. And the uptick in the strategic services revenue growth year-over-year at 19% gives us confidence that, that's going to continue. So businesses are willing to invest in those new next-generation products and services and efficiency. On the consumer side, specifically in the mobile area, I think our results speak for themselves in the sense of when you offer a good quality product, your consumer, customer's not only willing to you come to you but willing to stay with you. And we've had great results there. On the U-verse side, we continue to be optimistic about our growth for the video product. As we mentioned, for those markets we're in longer than 42 months, we're at a 27% and growing penetration rate, much closer to the 16% on an overall basis right now. So I think it's obvious that there's more opportunity. But in addition to that, we've been very pleased by the broadband additions that have been available through the U-verse platform, over 700,000 additions to U-verse broadband in the quarter. And those not only help our consumer business but also help our small business customers. So that's our approach and that's how we're looking to that transition and the securing of that customer base with high-speed broadband.
John Joseph Stephens: I will tell you to get to the 200,000, our install team did a great job in coordinating with our sales team to not only get that level of installs completed but to do it in an efficient basis. And so I would suggest to you that it's a positive response for the quarter in the sense of the coordination and the achievement. And quite frankly, I expect that type of performance and that type of cooperation to continue. It proved to be very successful for us in the first quarter. And I know the teams involved believe that and are going to continue that. So I wouldn't look to any, if you will, governor or limiter on either side.
John Joseph Stephens: Let me try to respond to it and I'll ask Ralph to add to it as he can so capably do. First of all, we won't talk about any pricing initiatives going forward. Those are things that we wouldn't discuss on this type of call or publicly at all. With regard to the pricing changes we've had, we had one that came in at the end of January with regard to our tiered data plans. And while that went into effect, it had a very minor impact in the first quarter and it will come in as people renew their plans. So the impacts of it will be spread over many quarters. That gives us optimism that we'll continue to see the benefits and growing benefits. But it won't give us an immediate -- and it did not give us an immediate benefit in the first quarter. Secondly, the change in the upgrade fees went into effect in March. And so we saw very little impact in the first quarter. We will see that throughout the year, but it is in place now. So we will see it for the full quarter in the second quarter and there forward. With regard to the handset policy, yes, I believe it will have a meaningful impact on us in managing those handset costs. But I think it's a very reasonable policy in comparison to the marketplace and will provide us the opportunity to continue to not only attract but to retain customers.
John Joseph Stephens: David, if I could add to what Ralph said. We had a significant growth in smartphones. We're up to 40 million -- over 40 million of our postpaid customers on smartphones. And I think the percentage is around 88% of those are on business or FamilyTalk plans. So while Ralph's got greater activity going on with regard to customer care, the customer rules approach and we have  great developments in the network, we also have great pricing packages that we think customers will choose to stay because they're getting great bargains, either in our FamilyTalk or our BusinessTalk plans. David, with regard to your question on U-verse, where we are seeing this is in maybe the urban markets where our U-verse is built out. We have made significant progress in the area. Our broadband U-verse base is about -- it's just under 6 million customers today. And as we mentioned, we grew over 700,000 in the quarter. So we're seeing a quick migration, which gives us confidence that we can compete with all broadband providers on speed and price and quality of service. We would expect that this transformation, which has accelerated over the last year, will continue. And so we are optimistic about continuing to shift our 16 million broadband customers from legacy DSL products and services to our next-generation U-verse high-speed broadband.
John Joseph Stephens: Well, if I could add, I want to make sure everyone's aware, the 60% on tiered data plans is a change from 12 million customers first quarter last year to almost 25 million customers today. So it's actually double that base. And what we're seeing is 70% of those customers are taking the higher tiered plans. So as Ralph eloquently laid out the increase in usage, his team has also structured the arrangements with the customers that there will be [indiscernible] associated with that increased growth. So we feel like we're very well positioned there.
John Joseph Stephens: I think we are seeing some movement upfront, but we do see a fairly large take rate on the larger buckets on an upfront basis.
John Joseph Stephens: Thanks, John. And John, we're not going to give a breakdown by quarter of any expectations with regard to the upgrade rate. I think we'll stick with flat year-over-year of smartphone sales, the 25 million number. So hopefully, that's helpful to you. With regard to the CapEx side, there's the 3 buckets that we have. It's really the wireless, which took about 1/2 of our total CapEx budget, that's the direct wireless spend. Our wireline bucket, which took slightly less than 1/2. And then some of our shared services, or if you will, dual-use projects, where we have shared usage by both wireless and the wireline business. I will tell you on the 2 point -- about 1/2 of the CapEx, you see we continue forward on a timely basis in line with our expectations on our LTE buildout. That's going well. We're optimistic about that, and quite frankly, on the continuing service quality and expansion of our capabilities to our overall network in wireless. I think those results are showing up in churn as very positive. And I think that's what Ralph was referring to before. But that's the basis for the spend.
John Joseph Stephens: I think it will be that level or slightly more as we continue to move forward with our LTE buildout and other capacity buildout, and quite frankly, as we've completed our U-verse basic build and initial passage of the 30 million homes.
John Joseph Stephens: Jason, with regard to the buyback question that you asked, first and foremost, we are pleased with the amount of buybacks we were able to achieve in the first quarter. We had good market conditions, we had good cash flows. We're ending the quarter in a good cash position with over $2 billion of cash in the balance sheet. And we were able to do that while retiring some more expensive debt during the quarter and calling some more expensive debt that we had. So all in all, we're pleased with what we've been able to do. We will continue buying back shares throughout the year. We are confident in where the company is going and our growth opportunities. The pace at which we'll buy back is going to depend on many things: market conditions, continuing strong cash flows, financial flexibility and maintaining strong financial flexibility and our debt ratios. All of those things are in very good shape right now as we speak today and at the end of the quarter. So we're very pleased with that. But those things will continue to be monitored as we go through the year and will guide our judgment on buybacks. Before we close, I'd like to quickly summarize the highlights from this quarter. We're off to a really good start this year, which gives us confidence as we look ahead. We delivered strong financial metrics, strong mobile data growth and we continue to see encouraging trends and performance in wireline. One more item that I'd like to bring to your attention. Starting with our next quarter, we're going to be moving this call up 30 minutes. So we will be discussing our second quarter results starting at 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time or 8:30 a.m. Central Time on July 24. That's it for us. I'd like to thank Ralph for joining us once again and especially for bringing such great mobile results to the call. And thank you for being on the call. And as always, thank you for your interest in AT&T. Have a great day.
