Randall Stephenson: Okay. Thanks, John. I’m going to be real quick because we want to get the questions here. But just a couple of comments on what you can expect from us in 2013. And what you’re going to see is a very aggressive execution of Project VIP and we’re actually off to a very strong start there. And as part of that, we expect to take our LTE build to 250 million or more POPS by year end. We going to see us launch several of our new growth businesses I discussed those earlier and we’re looking at CapEx in 2013 in the $21 billion range, and obviously, there will be an emphasis on wireless and Project VIP. In terms of financials, we expect to delivery EPS growth in the upper single digits or higher. Consolidated revenue growth should exceed 2%. Consolidated operating margin should be stable and wireless margins should expand. We expect cash generation to be strong in fact free cash flow after CapEx will exceed $14 billion. This gives us room for continuing share repurchases and actually we expect to complete our current buyback authorization as early as midyear. So I characterize this as a very achievable outlook, I mean, you know our history, we tend to be conservative, and this assumes no lift from the economy. So, to close, I like how we are executing. We have a really strong financial position, which gives us the opportunity to invest aggressively and continue returning value to our owners. And I like the moves we are making to expand our growth platforms. And so, Susan, with that, I think, we’ll get ready for questions.
Randall Stephenson: Yeah sure Phil. As it relates to international I was asked about consolidation, not just some level of consolidation was inevitable. And obviously we don’t comment on M&A rumors. But here is what I’d ask you to think about. As you consider what's happened in the last five years in the U.S. it’s been impressive what transpired in the mobile Internet revolution and the U.S. has been outpacing the rest of the globe fairly considerably. And I think most people expect the rest of the world will catch-up and so the question you have to ask is are there opportunities for us to participate in that growth outside the U.S. And we look at this from a lot of different ways as more and more people around the world begin to deploy LTE. There are probably some opportunities to create some unique roaming arrangements, roaming each other’s networks at different cost structures, which may change that dynamic somewhat the opportunities to partner, like you’ve seen this partnering in China, China Telecom deal that we did. And you will probably see those kind of deals more and more in the mobility side, do you invest at the infrastructure level is a big question. And there’s really another aspect to it and that is can you participate in this growth outside the U.S. at the application level? And this year is going to be very instructive in that regard to us because services like digital life, which is really – I mean that’s over the top application for home security and monitoring and so forth, and is it possible to carry those platforms outside the U.S.? We are already licensing that platform to companies in Europe. And so Kindle’s platforms we extended and over the top model outside the U.S. So as we kind of look at this we do believe that U.S. experience will replicated outside the U.S. and we’re just trying to decide how is that we would participate in that, there are lot of avenues for that.
Randall Stephenson: There is just a lot of different ways to think about it and that’s all I am trying to characterize here, Phil. There are lot of options.
Randall Stephenson: So let me try and answer couple of your questions. First and foremost, the $22 billion we gave in November was -- that information went into a three-year plan. Since that time, we’ve really been able to put pencil to paper from an engineering perspective and really work specific business cases in a more detail level. That’s providing some of our opportunities. Quite frankly, we had more efficiency in our capital program last year and -- for example, we mentioned that today we have about 174 million POPs covered with LTE. Our commitment for the year had been 150. So we’re ahead of our achievement and spend some money officially, we’re taking that into account. And then lastly, we’ve been able to identify some, if you will, shared savings where the overlap between our wired and wireless projects in VIP are going to allow for some more efficiency. All of those pieces go into the guidance that’s $21 billion and we are comfortable with that $21 billion range. Specifically, with regard to achievements, we are expecting to get $250 million POPs covered with LTE by the end of this year. We will also make -- we're not disclosing specific levels of fiber building or expansion of U-verse footprint this time but you can think about it as kind of ratable builds to schedule as we go forward. And we are moving forward today with some of the fiber building efforts and moving forward, immediately hit 13 on very many of those velocity projects. It’s not a question of moving capital or cost into later years. With our financial flexibility, we will do as much as we can as early as possible.
Randall Stephenson: Good question, John. Certainly, we do believe that there are additional opportunities for us to focus on our cost structure, improve profitability and specifically in wireless. If you look at the changes to our upgrade cycle policies, they reduced our upgrades by about 5% this year. If you guys do the math, you will find itself in the 1 million phone reduction, 1 million upgrade reduction range. So it did have a significant impact in some of the other steps we took generated benefits for us. We’re going through a continual process of evaluating those on that side as well as evaluating cost structure opportunities and one AT&T type opportunities for additional efficiency. So those are ongoing optimistic that those exist and that is part and parcel of our guidance when we say that we expect wireless margins to continue to expand in ‘13.
Randall Stephenson: I will start and let John chime in with some details but we are seeing little glimmer of hope on the enterprise side. It's really hard to predict this segment right now when you have continuing resolutions and you have fiscal cliffs, and you have debt ceilings, and you have sequesters and people are a little bit stuck right now. And it's been this way for about six months. But when you look at the mid-level market and above we actually saw positive growth in the first quarter. We have not seen that in quite some time. The pressure on the enterprise segment is coming from small business and particularly state and federal governments and there the spending cycle is really slow. And obviously the spending is down considerably. And so if we get through a lot of the budget situation perhaps you can expect to see some lift but our current expectation Michael is we build the plan around economic growth that’s sub 2% right now. In fact, it's a very low assumption. Business fixed investment, we’re not anticipating any great lift from fixed investment increases or hiring. And so we’ve built our expectations in this guidance we gave you around some rather slow economic indicators and our hope is at this mid-level enterprise business and above that they will continue investing in productivity efforts because productivity efforts tend to require the types of solutions that we bring to bear particularly in mobility. But it’s a little uncertain right now.
Randall Stephenson: But what’s kind of interesting Michael and it gets a little bit obscured in how industry reports numbers. But we talk about enterprise being in decline on the fixed line side, when you look at the spend on the wireless side though, enterprise spending in total is actually rather healthy but it’s just the spend is really being directed towards mobility and the world of tablets and the world of smartphones is really driving significant spend in enterprise business. So in total it is growing, the fixed line side is little pressured for the reasons we talked about.
Randall Stephenson: Yeah, Mike, the best indication of what is going on there is what we’re seeing in some of the VPN and cloud hosting services which are really part and parcel generated by a lot of the employee mobility issues that the large corporations are facing. But we don’t have a direct breakout either on the mobility or on the wireline side that tie those two back and forth and we’ve chosen not to do that for clarity of information as opposed to we think we could draw some challenges, we'll rethink that, and continue to reaffirm right now. I think the way we get information is the clearest picture for you.
Randall Stephenson: Hi Jason, on the spectrum you'll see in all likelihood some additional purchases of spectrum this year filling in some holes. And so you will see us continue to do some of that during the course of 2013. But in terms of when the next meaningful block of spectrum will come on the market, that’s obviously the government’s next auction and they’ve talked about a 2014 date. I hope that, that's accurate. I would be impressed and surprised if it were. Our expectation is that hopefully they can get into the market in the 2015, 2016 timeframe. And when you think about spectrum caps, Jason, it’s interesting what’s happened over the last year is the industry dynamic has kind of I think made the spectrum caps issue I think far more interesting. It looks like Sprint is about to secure a significant amount of spectrum, T-Mobile combining with Metro PCS obviously their spectrum depth and position is radically different. And so our view and our expectation is as we get closer to a government auction that the need to do a lot of evaluation on spectrum caps seems less and less relevant and it seems like there is going to have to play into this -- an equation of how much spectrum does an entity hold versus how much spectrum are they using and we continue to reinforce that spectrum caps is the wrong way to think about this. The right way to think about this is ensuring that spectrum markets are fluid and liquid and that there are aggressive build requirements on spectrum. You put those two Things in place and you ensure kind of a market-based economic allocation of spectrum. And so that’s what we continue to push forward. We’re actually not anticipating any significant spectrum caps being placed that would inhibit any of the players from engaging in an auction in the future. And when you consider the situation that the federal government has right now in terms of the fiscal problems that we’re facing I would expect that Congress would be most interested in having an auction that would yield the greatest benefits and the greatest benefits and spectrum caps do not go hand in hand.
Randall Stephenson: In terms of the comparison versus our competitors I think you asked the question do we care or think about it, you probably know us better than to ask that question, and of course, we care, we think about it a lot and we focus on it and our objective is to not lose share throughout the course of this year and to -- actually get to a point where we gaining share vis-à-vis our competitors. So we focus on it. We’re doing a lot of work in terms of just margin expansion and as we commented early on our guidance, we expect to expend our margin again this year, and so objective is to get our margins comparable to our competitors and also equalize share, so it’s a competitive dynamic, a competitive marketplace, and so, that’s the front part of this industry.
Randall Stephenson: Sure. In terms of the administration’s view on our industry and what we might expect, the current chairman has expressed obviously an interest in having broader broadband deployment. We're actually very supportive. We would like to see the administration come out with a position that is very, very supportive of broad-based broadband deployment. And in our VIP announcement, it fits perfectly in line with that and in fact, the administration has expressed appreciation for our commitment to investment in extending the broadband. So I don’t see any big issues coming out of the administration that they’re going to change our plans or change how we view the industry right now. I think the biggest issues that could impact our industry and our company tend to be more macro policies in nature, tax policy for example. Do we get a big budget deal done and if we do get a big budget deal done, is there an appetite and an interest in doing tax reform? And we would obviously be very, very significant supporters of tax reform, we would really love to see the effective rate on profits come down and understanding that means some of the preferences like bonus depreciation may have to be compromised but we think that's a good thing. It’s good for industry and we think it’s healthy for the U.S. economy. So those are the issues that are probably most impacting to us. I think other policy issues that are kind of unknown, they could affect the industry or us specifically the Affordable Care Act as those regulations were published what kind of impact will that have because that’s just a big uncertainty that we’re all waiting, trying to understand exactly how that’s going to affect all others. And so the macro will be probably more important, Tim, and more relevant to us in 2013 than industry specific issues. As you think about subsidies, we are very encouraged by the new device line that we’re seeing come into the marketplace. And we had a record quarter in terms of selling Android devices. I’m very enthusiastic about the Windows 8 devices that are coming into the market place. And in 2013, we’re going to see more and more of those. We think a good, vibrant, healthy set of options for our customers and the whole ecosystem is really, really good for our customers. And it’s a good healthy environment for competition among all the players which from our standpoint would probably be good for us as well. So we’re optimistic about what we’ve seen coming into the line-up in 2013 and a good healthy competitive set of handsets across different OS’ actually very optimistic about Blackberry 10. Hope that it proves to be as good as it appears to be, so.
Randall Stephenson: Great question, Brett. I’ll answer the question this way. If you looked at our results, you will see that we added just under 4000 tablets for the quarter, which is a significant number for us in the postpaid space. And we do believe that the $100 promotion was part of that and was part of the success. When we looked at what those customers bought and what they added to in their mobile share or on their separate plans, we were pleased with the ARPUs that we got out of it and so we viewed it as a positive and think of it as a tool that could be really beneficial to help us grow the business from a data centric device.
Randall Stephenson: I think we’re going to look at that on a regular basis and decide it as we go forward with it. In the fourth quarter, the results were positive, not only on the sales activities but on the revenue commitments that we got out of it from a monthly basis. So the ARPU aspects of it will also more than satisfactory to us. So we felt like it was a very successful strategy.
John Stephens: Phil, with regard to your question, first and foremost it’s a board decision on the authorization, so we’re going to work within authorizations we have currently. Secondly, in evaluating and providing information with regard to share buyback, first and foremost it's a question of valuation of shares compared to the market price that is out there and we look at what analysts say. We look at our own internal valuations of share price and we look at what the market is trading the stock at. But before you get to a further authorization you need to make sure that one, your cash flows from your business which – we have really very solid cash flow performance, you have to make sure you can continue to reinvest first, you can continue to pay your dividends first. And you have to have enough cash flow leftover to be able to take advantage of opportunities like Randall mentioned today, an opportunity to give some more spectrum in the Nextwave transaction that we closed today. And if you're comfortable with that, then you go into the decision of what you’d do with that extra capital. That’s a process we go through on a regular basis and we will continue to do that. This is a unique time from a market perspective in that the cash costs of our equity are high compared to traditional interest rate and borrowing capacity that’s out there. And that's the reason why we incurred slightly more debt than we usually carry.
John Stephens: In terms of, John, the industry dynamics, it should be an interesting year. There is a lot of talk and lot of press on the different industry players. And it’s kind of hard to estimate what’s going to happen. I think the way we’re considering it internally is, probably, a little bit of open field running this year as T-Mobile and Metro PCS come together. I don’t know what the timing is on that. I don’t expect that to be a significant impact on 2013. But when they get that transaction close, we expect there to be some dynamics in the marketplace that -- as we’ll have to respond to some of it, we find interesting like the handset financing that they’re doing. That’s something we’ve looked at on several occasions. I kind of like the idea, commend them for trying it. It will be something we’re going to watching, how it is received in the market place. And in terms of other players, it’s just -- it's hard to say what the dynamic will be. But I think it will be just a little bit of open field running this year.
John Stephens: Mike, the only thing I would add to that is that we are continuing to see some investment in strategic business, services and people willing to invest in growth. It is slow. And secondly, with our project VIP investment we hope to self-generate some changes in the small business by providing some additional broadband services and capabilities as we do with some of our fiber to the building, some of our expansion of our U-verse footprint and give us some opportunities on a self action – self-led action to help increase our performance in small business but it’s just as Randall said, we did not bake into our expectations for ‘13 any form of significant economic lift or significant recovery.
John Stephens: So let me kind of go through, I guess, lot of questions here Mike, let me go through those. First and foremost, certainly the dividend reduction that results on the buybacks and as Randall mentioned, I think, this year we are going to stay close to $700 million in that because of the share buyback process is an important piece of it. But quite frankly, it's not the controlling piece, certainly taking into consideration, but that’s not we’re targeting. It has more to do with the balancing the capital structure in today's environment with some certainty for longer term while protecting our ability to invest, pay dividend and keep flexibility for things like we mentioned, whether it would be NextWave or the Atlantic Tele-Network acquisition that we recently announced. That’s the balance that we have to have, the cash cost of debt today is much lower than the cash cost of our equity and so that give us that opportunity. We’re just trying to do balance while retaining flexibility protecting the dividend. That’s it. Secondly, with regard to smarthphone, once again, whether we are talking about percentage of sales of -- smartphones as a percentage of phones sold, which was up 89% this quarter or smartphones as a percentage of total postpaid devices, which was about 86%, either one of those is well above our smartphone penetration of about two-thirds today. So we have a natural -- with the existing base we have a natural growth opportunity, just by converting those to smartphones and we've been growing that percentage of our postpaid base smartphones 2% to 3% a quarter, so that’s going to continue for some time. Two, as we are saying we added 400,000 tablets or nearly 400,000 tablets this quarter. So we are seeing the data-only devices, data centric devices like tablets draw generating lot of growth, we believe that will continue. Our LTE rollout, 74 million POPS and moving to 250 million POPS is going to generate speed, which we think will generate usage, which we think give us the opportunity because of our new usage in tier data plans and the movement of our customer base to that will allow us to grow revenues. So, we are optimistic about our position and then when you add on Digital Life, when you add on connected cars, when you add on the healthcare infrastructure that analysts talk about, when you add on the mobile premise solution or the home-based mobile phone. All of those opportunities along with our mobile wallet are going to give us real chances to continue to grow revenue and at a scale base, when you are a player of our size. So we are optimistic about that. With regard to the wireless margins and consistent with what John was asking earlier, we are just looking at every aspect of our arrangements with our customers of our service, trying to make our service effortless but very efficient, and so we are looking at all of those and believe there is still opportunities to improve margins through making things easier on our customers while we are reducing costs on ourselves, so.
John Stephens: No. No. We are just going to -- we are going to stick with very simply put, we are going to represent to you like we did in 2012, what we can achieve and we are going to take that same approach this year. And I’m sorry, Mike, I -- we are -- that we are going to -- we are going to have improvement in margins. We are not going to disclose quarterly margin analysis and yes, as you well know, there is going to be seasonality with regard to it, based on a whole number of items that we go through. So, but I think you’re well aware of those items.
John Stephens: Jason, with regard to the decommissioning capital plan issue, we continue to work that issue not only on a network engineering and our IT guys with regard to products and services and all the issues really the – transitioning to an all IP service based providers but we are also working it from an external affairs on the regulatory side. I will tell you from a cost savings perspective that there are no significant cost-savings expected in this guidance that we gave for 2013. And I would suggest you that is a – it is a number of years out. It's not that it will not be achieved but it’s a number of years out in the sense of – this is a longer process to work with all the interested parties and make sure we do it right, do it effectively and do it successfully. Working it, lot of activity on it but I wouldn’t suggest you that there is a significant improvement in cost structure in ’13 because of it.
John Stephens: Okay. Let me take the increase in EPS first, first, I think the -- at the Analyst Conference, we were talking about a three-year cycle or three-year term. And so, that was the information we provided there and I think as we told you that we’d update specific guidance in 2013 on this call. So that’s -- there are different timeframes, different patterns just from the get go. I will tell you, we have taken the account some of the really solid results that we had in the fourth quarters, specifically with regard to tremendous wireless sales and postpaid net adds, great performance on broadband and our consumer U-verse business, great performance on TV. So, and quite frankly, some really good news from our enterprise business sides. So, we update that, we take that into account and of course, we take into account our recent share repurchase, but really the answer your question, I think is more about we were talking about two different sets of time period. One was the three-year general information, today is a commitment on guidance that we expect meet or exceed.
John Stephens: Thank you. With that, I want to thank all of you being on the call with us this afternoon. We’ve closed the year with another strong quarter and delivered on the expectations that we laid out for you at the beginning of 2012. And as Randall mentioned, we are positioned well for 2013. We are focused on growth and have a solid achievable plan that will help us get there. Thanks again for being on the call and as always thank you for your interest in AT&T. Have a good evening.
