John Stankey: Hi. Good morning, John. Happy New Year. So look, the -- first of all, on the aggregate market, as we've been indicating, we thought there was going to be a little bit of a slowdown from previous year's activity level. We saw that happen in '23. I think we're at a more normalized level right now. We're kind of expecting that is going to continue into next year. It'll be probably right around the same place. We're not going to see it dramatically different. And our expectations are we're going to continue to attack the market the same way we've been attacking it, and we've been really consistent about that over the last three years. And I don't think you should expect to see that there is going to be any less sustainability of our performance than what you've seen over the previous couple of years in the strategies and the tactics we use. I think the market is a healthy market right now. I would say, if you would look at the fourth quarter and look at what we delivered on postpaid phone net adds, your point on gross is an accurate statement, and I think it reflects the fact that we're trying to be incredibly disciplined around profitable growth. We managed to outgrow one of our peers that has already reported. We did that, I think, being very disciplined on our promotional levels and being very strategic in the channels that we operate in. As I've indicated on previous calls, we delivered an incredible churn level, which helped us do that. It's always easier to keep your customers than to churn them out. We've managed to keep that churn level while we've been growing ARPU. We're driving operating leverage and EBITDA growth in a really strong fashion. I think the equation is incredibly sustainable with what we're doing right now. We're going to tweak it, and that's what I was alluding to and some of the things that we know there's some areas where we could probably do a little bit better. I suspect, looking at some of the numbers yesterday from what Verizon reported, there's some areas that they probably looked at and said that they can do a little bit better in, and we all have regional players that we play against and things that we do, like the cable companies, that, as we kind of understand the playbook and look at it, we can adjust how we approach that. They're kind of a new player in the market. My guess is, after everybody comes out and reports, we're going to see that the three large incumbent wireless carriers have had very effective quarters. We all understand how to run our business. I think we're all being pretty disciplined around how we go about it. I think we're all conscious of the fact that we've invested at record levels and need to make sure that we're driving returns on those record levels of investments. And to me, that kind of lines up for a very sustainable outlook as we move into next year.
John Stankey: Good morning, Phil. So look, I'll give you the same answer on pricing I think I probably give every time I'm asked it, and I just suggest there is a string of data points to go back and look at to kind of buttress up my observations on this, which is, we've been pretty deliberate about where we think we add additional value into our customers and whether or not we can ultimately drive price changes that are aligned with driving that incremental value. And as I mentioned earlier, we've invested a heck of a lot in our networks. People are using over 30% more of it per year. They are getting more utility out of what we do, and the capability of the networks is allowing them to do more things in more ways. And as a result of that, I think that value is allowing us to go in, in places and certainly drive some renumeration for the level of investments that we're putting in. And you see it in our ARPU growth. I think we’ve shared with you that we expect probably some modest ARPU accretion in our guidance as we move through next year in the wireless space. Some of that will come from moving people up to higher priced plans with more bells and whistles, and some of it will come through pricing movement. I would tell you, I go and I rest on our track record. You're seeing the numbers, you're seeing what we've been able to do. I think we can continue to run many of the same plays that we've run, and we're doing it with, I don't know, we may end up with another record churn quarter or best in industry churn quarter. We'll be darn close to it, and we're doing it at levels of ARPU performance in the market that I think is pretty stellar. So my message is, I think we know how to do this. I think we've done it pretty effectively. I think the team is pretty diligent about it. I think there's opportunities for us to continue running the business the way we've been running the business. And I expect we'll have to do that in 2024 to deliver our plan and do what we need to do, inflation driven or not. On AT&T Air, again, not much different in my narrative around it. I don't expect that we are going to be pushing the product in the same way that some others in the market are pushing it today. We've made a conscious choice as a company that we want to dedicate capital to investing in fiber, which we believe is a more sustainable, long-term means to deal with stationary and fixed broadband needs. It doesn't mean that we don't think that fixed wireless serves some segment of the market. It does. It serves certain types of circumstances in the consumer base. It serves certain types of circumstances in the business base. And we will take advantage of those certain circumstances. As I've said, there's a lot of small businesses that have usage profiles that fixed wireless is very attractive to. It's something that we will lean into this year. You will see it reflected in our performance as we move throughout the year. We have places where because of our spectrum profile and our share position in particular markets, we can maybe lean in a little bit more aggressively in defining the consumer segment that we might serve with the product and service on a competitive market that you will see us begin to add some degree of market penetration on. And as I've told you before, we will continue to use it very, very actively in our transition away from legacy assets as we begin to shutter copper footprint, take out square miles in our network, not have the operating costs associated with those fixed infrastructure that we can use this as a catch product. It's a very effective catch product in some of those areas, especially given the density characteristics of what's happened that we haven't built fiber there yet or we will not build fiber, but it still allows us to meet our obligation back to the customer base and our state franchise agreements etc. So I don't think you're ever going to see a scale to the kind of monthly numbers and quarterly numbers you see coming from some of our competitors, but it's a great tool. It's a great opportunity for us to continue to grow. I think the most important thing to understand, as you've seen is, we are broadband positive, aggregate broadband positive, and we are going to continue to be aggregate broadband positive going forward. So not only are we growing EBITDA, we're going to now start growing the customer base and this will be one of the tools we use to have that ratable, sustainable growth that I think we've been seeking.
John Stankey: Dave, the way I would tell you, I go back to the question that was asked earlier about capital allocation, what we need to do. And I would say first and foremost, you've got to understand, we've given you guidance. We've made a set of commitments. Those are important to us. That's what we need to deliver. And whatever decision making we ultimately undertake has got to be within that context of ensuring that we're consistent in delivering back to you and our commitments. What I would tell you, it's not just making a decision of, well, are there incremental homes you can go get with fiber. There are opportunities to present ourselves -- present themselves to our business in a variety of different places where we have a choice to say, well, we're a little ahead of plan or we were a little more efficient, should we do something else here or there and we'll take advantage of those things every time they pop up. And I would tell you, very comfortable we're going to meet our commitment to you of 30 million passings, but I don't know, we could see something happen where we get a vendor's circumstance like we've seen in wireless, where somebody comes in and changes pricing and we get more efficiency out of something, or we see great results coming back in on the Gigapower side, and we decide that's a better place to go and allocate a little bit more capital. All those things are evolving. We'll weigh them, we'll make decisions, and we'll come back in and we'll tell you what we're going to do, all within the context of we want to make sure we're consistent in meeting our commitments back to you.
Pascal Desroches: Hey, Dave. Good morning, and Happy New Year. Here's the way I think about cash. We've made really good progress over the course of 2023 in paying down some of our short-term financing obligations. And therefore, as I look at the capital spend in 2024, it's going to be more heavily weighted towards project spend. We have really good line of sight on that. It's going to be within the range we provided to you, and we feel really good about that. The other factor that we have reasonably good line of sight to is our cash taxes for the year. Based on current legislation, we have pretty good line of sight in terms of where that lands. Obviously, we're expecting EBITDA to grow. That's going to be the driver of the growth, coupled with the step down in capital investment. I don't anticipate any material headwinds from working capital, albeit depending upon how we're doing, we may decide to continue to lean into short-term financing obligations to reduce those. So those are the swing factors, but look, all in all, feel really good about our ability to deliver on the guidance and continue to grow the business from there.
Pascal Desroches: Hey, Mike. One other point, just to add as well, as the legacy revenues continue to decline, we have an opportunity to continue to really hit costs in that sector fairly hard. And so I'm confident that that will also be a factor in moderating the losses over time.
Pascal Desroches: No. Look, the investments we've been making obviously are working, and as I look forward, we've said it, we expect to operate at mid-teens capital intensity long term, and we're committed to that. We're also committed to having a capital allocation plan that also looks for other ways to deliver value to shareholders.
