John Stankey: Look, we've given you the direction of where we're heading. They're going to be at 30 million homes by the end of '25. You saw us pick up the pace in the fourth quarter. We wound up 2.6 million passed locations. We feel like we're through the supply-related issues. The organization is executing in the field operationally at a very good clip on that. And so I feel very, very comfortable that we're going to hit that 30 million direction that we've given you by the end of '25. As I told you last quarter, I'd like to get off of the number of homes passed in any 90-day period discussion. And I think what you should be looking at is, are we selling more end users? And you are going to see us start to sell more end users each quarter as we move forward, and you're going to see our subscriber count start to ramp as that footprint gets larger. And I couldn't be more excited, given our announcement this week on 2-gig and 5-gig offerings. We are going to be out in the market with a superior product. We've had great momentum finishing another year of 1 million-plus adds. Now with a product that's going to be even better, it's going to clearly demonstrate the superior capabilities and the infrastructure we're putting out there, plus the footprint expansion, I feel really good about the moment you're going to be seeing in our subscriber counts as we move through '22.
John Stankey: It's a good question, Brett. As we move through this year, I think you'll see us very definitively rotate into a position. First of all, I would tell you the strength of the period of time is, in fact, that we've been on these offers for a period of time. And I don't view that as being something I'm concerned about. I actually view it as something that we're really pleased about. It's basic, fundamental, easy for the customer to understand that we see no evidence whatsoever that we're losing traction in the value proposition that we have. And in fact, I would point to what we did this week on our broadband offer and trying to go in with an everyday simple pricing construct. And the reason we're doing that is based on what we learned from our wireless business, which is something that's very straightforward for the consumer to understand over time allows us to gain the right kind of momentum in the market that's sustainable. It drives up customer satisfaction. It allows us to be consistent in our messaging that we carry out to the market. It ensures that every one of our employees knows the line and doesn't have to relearn something every 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. And so we're very comfortable with the messaging we have right now. We're very comfortable that it still has room to run. And when we talk about a focused, simplified business moving forward, part of what we're attempting to do is move our entire product portfolio into a position that we can represent it in a similar fashion. And so this week's move in our fixed broadband products is really important when you think about lining that up and carrying that message forward. When I think about how we communicate more effectively around the brand, I think you've heard me allude to this in some previous conversations that there's a lot of things that I think the AT&T brand is very strong and does very, very well in the market: reliability, reputation of consistency, there's a perception within the business community about advanced networking and the strength that we have around that, trusted in those regards. But I also believe we can do some things to start to manifest to the consumer some of those characteristics we just talked about in a more real way, which is a more straightforward, simplified, credible, reliable expert. And I don't want to take away anybody's thunder, but I think you should expect after we close the WarnerMedia Discovery transaction that you will see us maybe start to refine a little bit of the messaging around the brand moving forward in the market that will carry forward the kind of characteristics in a little bit more pointed fashion that we want to carry forward. I think that is underneath your question. And we've been doing a lot of work around this. I've alluded to it in previous remarks. This isn't an advertising campaign. This is about structurally what we do behind the business to operate in a way that we think is going to be relevant with the consumer and get the operations lined up around that. So that what we tell the customer is, in fact, represented in our product offers, our service support, how they experience AT&T moving forward. We've been working really hard on that over the last year. We still have a little bit of work to do to finish that up. But I think by the time you get into the mid part of the year, you will see what that definition looks like and where we're going.
John Stankey: So Michael, on your second question, so we set up the DIRECTV structure deliberately. And when I say we're through the asset disposition, I think the distinction I would draw there is the management team that -- of AT&T RemainCo is not going to be distracted with having to work through additional work on restructuring the asset base of the company in the near term. And that doesn't mean that the independent DIRECTV company and the management team that is operating that over there might not choose to do something in their business. I don't know of anything. I'm not announcing anything. But what I'm trying to distinguish is if that entity decided that there was value to be created to restructure their business in some way, shape or form, it is a distinctive group of individuals that would be involved in doing that and executing it. And it would not cause the AT&T management team to have to spend cycles and energy working through those kinds of issues. And so I think that's the distinction I'm trying to draw, not to suggest that the DIRECTV asset per se is frozen in time or not. In terms of your question on the wireline footprint, we spend a lot of time far back as 2012 and constantly revisiting and relooking how we wanted to work through the transition of our business. And I'm not a big believer right now that us going out and taking the less utilized parts of our wireline footprint and sending them out to somebody at a steep discount and continuing to have to do things like operationally provide services to that entity for many, many years to come on infrastructure, IT systems, et cetera, that have to be maintained is the right thing for a healthy and sustainable business. My point of view is that as a management team that runs networks and what we do around here, our job should be to rationalize those assets in an effective way and do it in the best interest of our shareholders. And you've heard me talk about that. When I talk about transformation and shutting down products and thinking about how we become a company that offers products on fiber, what's going on behind the scenes on that is actually backing away and moving deliberately through a process of taking products that served us incredibly well, that have been the mainstay of this company for a period of time and doing in a very, very smart and tactical way this shutdown and sunset of those. And as we sunset them, take the high cost operating model that supports them away. And so when we talk about transformation and we talk about getting savings from shutting down applications and IT infrastructure and product sunset, that's really walking away from square miles and infrastructure and costs and all the things that have seen their better day. And so we intend to ultimately capture that value and return it to the shareholder, not do it in a front-end loaded transaction that's highly discounted, that leaves us saddled with distracting operating models that don't allow us to be a focused broadband fiber provider offering the best products available in the market.
John Stankey: So I'll take the front end, Dave, and then you can get the color from Pascal on the EBITDA dynamic and cash flow. The answer to your question is, from the time we say go to about the time we're actually in the market selling is currently running about a year. And that's literally when we say go that we're going to start engineering and go into a particular area. I'd like that at maturity and the challenge I've got to the team is I like that to be 9 months. What's worked against us to do better than a year right now has been a little bit of spottiness in the supply chain that we've shared with you. It's really what drove some of the challenges to get to the 3 million objective last year that we ultimately ended up at 2.6. And as a result of that, we were back-end loaded in the churn-up of the 2.6. That inventory came available for sale very late in the year. And now it's out in the market and available. And as we shared with you, what we have improved fairly dramatically over the last several years is a rate of penetration once it becomes available for sale. And we're walking up that penetration dynamic faster. And so my goal had been and what I'd still like to work the management team to is from time of engineering to time of availability 9 months and then achieving what we're actually doing right now on the penetration rates. And so you are going to see that acceleration start to happen because we have put that inventory in the market. A lot of it came on late last year. And you should expect that as we start working through the quarter here and into second quarter, third quarter that we start dynamic of putting 3 handles routinely on our net add numbers for broadband. And that's where I want to see us get, and we should be able to get there as we move through this year. So that's kind of the color on it. But what we've been characterizing for you on our rate of penetration, teams made a lot of progress on that. And that's a huge economic driver of return given the pace and the rate we're doing right now. But I wouldn't mind if at steady state, we got 3 more months of the build cycle. Supply chain has kind of been working against us right now and making that happen and maybe that clear sometime this year, we'll have to see.
John Stankey: So thank you very much for joining us today, and I just couldn't be more pleased with how 2021 turned out. As I started in my opening comments, we outlined for you what we intended to do through the course of the year, and I think we checked the box across the board on every commitment that we made to you. I'm really proud of the team. I'm proud of Jason. I'm proud of Jeff. I think they've done a remarkable job, given that we've got a number of moving parts going on in restructuring this business to get the kind of operational focus that we asked them to do. And I think 4 quarters of results here demonstrate that. And I'm really pleased that we're on the doorstep of being able to complete the transactions that we have in front of us and allow both management teams to focus on moving things forward in the way they can with a clean operating environment. I think the best days are ahead here as a result of that. Thanks very much. Hope you all have a good year. We'll see you in 90 days.
Pascal Desroches: Sure thing. Look, as you know, John, we did not give specific EBITDA guidance, but I think you can get pretty close with some of the information that we've given. Here are some of the dynamics to think about in each of our major businesses for RemainCo.  Mobility, while we expect some comparison issues early in the year, we feel really good about the organic trends in that business. We expect continued growth in wireless service revenues. We -- transformation continues, and we expect some operating leverage from that. So we feel really good about the trajectory that the Mobility business is on. I think you can get a pretty good sense for where that should land given our wireless service revenue growth, given our fourth quarter performance, we feel really good. Consumer Wireline, the word here is scale. As this -- we feel really good about the build we had in 2021. As that business scales, the operating leverage is really good. You couple that with transformation, the Consumer Wireline segment is also expected to grow. As you just heard from John, Business Wireline, we expect losses to moderate as we make our way through the year, but we don't expect that segment to grow. You layer on top of that an expectation of continued transformation savings on corporate and other. You can get a pretty fair sense that overall, the business is going to be, on an EBITDA basis, flattish to up modestly.
Pascal Desroches: Mike, I -- let me start. Here's the way you think about it. First and foremost, the market remains really healthy. Now for planning purposes, as you would expect, we are planning that the industry will continue to grow the way it has the last 1.5 years. But overall, the market remains healthy. And in that environment, we're going to be disciplined, and we believe we will continue to take share in a very disciplined way. But for planning purposes, we have assumed that the overall industry normalizes to where it's been historically. That's one. In terms of ARPU, and I think we've said this previously, the way we think about this is as we make our way through the year, we would -- we have every expectation that we should see continuing recovery in international roaming. And also, what we're also seeing is our elite unlimited plan is our highest-priced ARPU plan, and it's our fastest growing. And as a result of that, we expect to continue moving up the ARPU stack. That's going to be partially offset by the amortization of some of the promotional expenses. But all in all, we feel really good about the trajectory of Mobility.
Pascal Desroches: Dave, on your free cash flow question, you'll hear more from us at Investor Day, but here's what -- just to reiterate some of the piece parts. For 2022, we are guiding to $23 billion of -- the $23 billion range of free cash flow. WarnerMedia is contributing, call it, around $3 billion. And we expect vendor financing to continue to be around $4 billion for this year. You are correct in your recollection that look, we were going to look really hard to make sure that as we are doing these vendor financing transactions that we are getting the best possible terms and to the extent we felt we can get better financing sources otherwise, we would do that instead of taking vendor financing. But we have found that more and more of our vendors are willing to provide us at very attractive terms. And we're taking advantage of those. With all that said, the guidance we've given here anticipates $20 billion of overall gross capital investment. Other piece parts are keep in mind, as we close the WarnerMedia transaction, we should see a meaningful savings in interest expense and cash interest.  And then as we make our way through the year and next year, we're going to hold ourselves accountable to continuing to grow EBITDA at RemainCo. So those are all the piece parts to think about as you think about our $20 billion guidance for this year, and you'll hear more from us at Analyst Day.
Pascal Desroches: As I said, Dave, you will hear from us. Today, we are giving guidance on 2022. You'll hear from us on 2023 at our Analyst Day in March.
Pascal Desroches: Look, we provided you with guidance for WarnerMedia, what the contributions for the full year. And keep in mind, we are launching in a number of European territories as well as we plan to launch CNN+ this year. So we are going to be in the investment cycle. But overall, we feel really good about the underlying trends of our direct-to-consumer business. And the balance of the business is performing exactly as you would anticipate.
Pascal Desroches: Okay. So Kannan, I appreciate the question. So here is, for 2020, let me try to break down free cash flow for you so that, overall, we are guiding to $23 billion. The contribution from WarnerMedia is about $3 billion. The remainder of the company, including the contributions from DIRECTV, are making up the balance of this. And those -- both will continue post separation. The piece part to think about this year relative to the past, we're going to have higher CapEx. And as John explained earlier, that CapEx is related to our payment of spectrum as well as our continuing and accelerated rollout of fiber. So we're going to have higher CapEx. But we do expect, as we make our way through the year, that our cash interest costs should decline because of the delevering that is happening at the company. And of course, we are growing our -- as I said, we're flat to up modestly on EBITDA for the overall RemainCo. Those are the big piece part. The way to think about Xandr separately, Xandr has the way to think about historically 2 pieces. You have the AppNexus business, which is in the midst of being sold to Microsoft. We have an agreement in place for that. And then you have the DIRECTV advertising inventory. The DIRECTV advertising inventory prior to the separation was managed and included within WarnerMedia's results. Upon separation, there was a new agreement struck that whereby WarnerMedia would continue to sell DIRECTV advertising inventory through the -- until close. And in exchange for that, WarnerMedia would not -- would receive an ad share. And so the vast majority of the economics of DIRECTV advertising inventory is going back to DIRECTV. Only a commission is staying with WarnerMedia. So that's -- those are the piece parts for Xandr and the free cash flow dynamics.
Pascal Desroches: Yes. Kannan, yes, we expected that we were going to take a -- we're going to be decelerating as a result of Amazon. It is a one-time decline as we move forward and continue to grow subscribers, we would expect that growth from here.
