John J. Stephens: First of all, thanks for the question, Amir. I think the way to look at it, it's really as we displayed on slide five. You can see that overall reduction in the total postpaid phone churn, and you can see the dramatic improvement over the, if you will, two years since the merger. And in those two years, another major activity that's gone on is dramatically increased competition, pricing that's somewhat challenging, people giving away service for a year free. So I think that slide, that presentation, shows it. If you look up and see the details that we provided or the details I provided in my comments, it's pretty clear this ability to bundle, whether it be TV Everywhere, whether it's DTV NOW, whether it's the ability to get all of your video on your phone is making a huge difference.
John J. Stephens: Sure, let me go through it this way. On a longer-term view, we're going to continue to see wireless revenue opportunities in prepaid. We're going to continue to see them in connected devices. Quite frankly, for us we're going to continue to see real opportunity not only in the immediate future but over time in FirstNet and what it provides. So those will be very important. And quite frankly, when you have churn at these levels, if you can maintain it, it's a gift that keeps on giving with regard to revenues and margins. Secondly, if we think about this movement to equipment installment plans, we've essentially gone through that process and have completed that, which had some changes in our service revenue metrics. We've made it through the vast majority of that. So then you go through the next process we're going through with this move to unlimited, and we certainly have been through the higher dollar amounts, if you will, on the customer base by that because our customers are smart and they move quickly. And so that's occurred. Now we're going through the transition with more customers, some of which who are doing it and causing us, if you will, eliminating some of their overage cost, but some of those customers who are buying up into a little bit of a bigger package just don't have to worry about overages. So that conversion is well through, and we'd expect to see that complete over the next year or so. So from a revenue perspective on a longer-term basis, we feel good. On the wireless side on the expense piece of it, we still have a significant opportunity. From an overall perspective, we have about 40% of our network functions virtualized, both wireless and wireline. You've seen what's happened and the progress we've made in just getting from 34% to 40%, and we'd expect to get that to 55% by the end of this year and 75% or better by the time we complete. So there's more opportunity with that as well as automation, digitization. Quite frankly then, as you put all that together, from a total company perspective, our data insights opportunity, our advertising opportunities are significant. And quite frankly, as you saw this quarter, our international operations were getting through the investment cycle. It's gone as we expected. They're particularly in Mexico adding a great number of customers, but across Latin America also. So we're doing well. We just need to get through that process, and those are the opportunities to see costs be managed very well and margins continue to grow.
John J. Stephens: So let me take the first. First of all, Mike, and I don't want to be stirring turf (28:56) here, but AT&T added contract phone customers for the quarter because our postpaid phone adds in Mexico were positive 100,000 or more. And when you put those together with our domestic base, we were actually positive postpaid phone customers, just to clarify. On the domestic side, we did see significant improvement sequentially and year over year, over about 250,000 improvement sequentially and about 100,000 improvement in customer count year over year. And really we're seeing that from bundling of services and being able to put this video and other services together with it. So it's working well. As everyone knows, you saw it in the churn numbers. And the best customer is the one you've already got and the one you can hang on to, and that's the most efficient. With regard to feature phones, we are well through the process. I monitor, if you will, the percentage which is in the mid-90s of phones that we sell every quarter that are smartphones. And it's in that mid-90% range. And then I compare that to our base. And over the last few years, we made significant progress in getting those numbers aligned. So I think we are getting close to the point where we are through that migration. It's not complete, but I would tell you we made significant improvements over the last few years. Because of that, we retain or have optimism going forward on the ability to show some improving service revenues, and quite frankly, be able to continue to keep churn down because we have customers operating on smartphones and taking advantage of the quality service. So we feel good about that. And yes, I think, maybe not now, but maybe in the next year or so, we should see a feature phone level that is much more constant and have gotten through this migration. I relate it in a similar way to what we're seeing on the consumer side with DSL broadband, where you've seen we made great strides converting to IP broadband and are getting to a point where we're dramatically through that conversion, which is optimistic for all of us. On the sub weakness, as I said in the first quarter and will say again, we had a significant number, a higher number than normal, a higher number year over year of involuntary churn. And so we went through that process and decided to take action on those customers. That's one. Two, we are seeing on an out-of-footprint basis where we don't have fiber, we're seeing sub losses to competitors where they can bundle. We believe we're going to, if you will, arrest that or address that situation as we continue to build out fiber. And quite frankly, not only just the, if you will, 14 million or so fiber-to-the-prem locations we'll get to, but as we mentioned, as we develop 5G wireless technologies that allows for efficient delivery of video over our wireless networks, we'll be able to compete in that environment like no one else on a nationwide basis. Those are the two things I'd point out to you, Mike, on the sub weakness. I will point out we did have some good growth in DTV NOW, for the over-the-top product pretty much offset the DIRECTV satellite base wireless customers.
John J. Stephens: So the DTV NOW customer rates we're giving is paying customers that bundle with in many cases a large, large percentage of it, top of the head. But we can make sure we get that out appropriately in a post. But the vast majority of those are bundled with our wireless services. But as you know too, it gives us the opportunity. A significant amount of these, 50% or so are customers who have never had a paying video product before or haven't had a pay-TV product, so we're getting the opportunity to not only provide them video but provide them wireless, in some cases broadband, apartment dwellers and others. But we're counting paying customers, not promo customers. Secondly, we will have the capability to roll out the spectrum once the states opt in. The challenge will be to get the plans finalized and to incorporate the final agreements with the states on coverage and towers and build-out and some of the negotiated terms and make sure we have effective plans for those. But I would certainly expect that we will have the ability to start rolling out spectrum this year. Until the plans are complete, I don't want to predict what we'll have rolled out or how much. We'll certainly do that as soon as we're confident of it, but we'd expect to do that right away. Secondly, I think the offers will be attractively priced because there will be large numbers of devices, not only phones but cameras and other connected devices that add the ability for us to get good economics on good price points for fire departments, EMTs, police departments, and so forth. But as much as that is very important to us, the opportunity to then utilize this as a footprint or a starting point to get into smart cities, to be able to help these state, local municipal governments manage other parts of their activities are really important and provide us a great opportunity, as well as just the fact that the increased coverage that may be required by FirstNet will provide us an increased opportunity to sell services to other customers, to provide other IoT services, or quite frankly, to reduce what might be minor amounts in the scheme of things but reduce whatever roaming costs we have left here on the domestic side. But I would expect the prices to be competitive, and certainly today's consumer prices qualify as such.
John J. Stephens: First and foremost, yes, I'd expect we can do it within those kinds of levels. I don't want to give guidance outside of this year, but I don't want to signal in any way, shape, or form any significant changes in CapEx. I certainly believe we can. I'll note to you that on the FirstNet side, there is a significant amount of efficiency that is achieved by doing this at once, all of the spectrum at once, all the tower climb, all the deployment and so forth. And then secondly, there's a significant co-pay from the FirstNet organization, $6.5 billion. So absolutely we're going to be in a position to do this. With regard to the video involuntary churn, I would expect we'll see some of this through the remainder of the year, and we would expect that it would to start to ebb as we go through the year. But I would expect we'd have some of it through the rest of the year. And certainly based on what the team has developed, what they've taken from customer insights and customer input, we believe that DTV NOW can certainly grow. And the cloud DVR and a lot of the other features that are coming out are in response to the studies the team has done with regard to what customers want and what would make the product better. And so absolutely, we've grown 500,000 customers in seven months. It's pretty dramatic growth, particularly when we gave a couple, three months rest there while we tested the platform and really put it through performance testing. So I think there's clearly a demand for it, an opportunity for it and for us that allows us to get to a lot of customers we don't normally serve today, MDUs, millennials, people who haven't bought or haven't been able to have the creditworthiness to buy our premium products. So for us, it's a really attractive next step. Into the future the data insights that we'll be able to get and the ability to add advertising and other sources of revenue off of this will make this profitable while still being able to give consumers great choice and great cost efficiency for them as well as a good product for us.
John J. Stephens: So let me just say this on the org structures. Randall Stephenson is still the Chairman and CEO of AT&T, and I expect him to do that for a long time. I don't expect any changes there before or after the Time Warner merger. With regards to the structure of the organization after Time Warner, I think Randall and Jeff Bewkes are going through that, working that process out. And I will definitely leave that to them I think to discuss. Oftentimes, stories are very premature. Those decisions are theirs, and we'll leave it at that. With regard to the FirstNet, what I expect that we would do is we would disclose the gross amount of CapEx we spend inclusive of FirstNet amounts, then show to the investment community the reimbursement amount that would be recorded – would be expected to be recorded as a, so to speak, contra-CapEx account or reducing the total amount because it's not a cash outflow. It will be a cash inflow to offset the expenses, the expenditures we made, but we would expect to get both of that. Some amount of that $6.5 billion will be allocated to expense, and that expense would go in the same way we would expect to disclose it, give full information about it, be transparent about it. And that would be, if you will, a contra-reduction in our expense lines. The customer count information and normal service revenues where we record like other customers, and then it's working out with regard to the accounting for the valuation of the licenses that we receive and the payments that we're required to make, the sustainability payments that we're required to make under the fund, and we're working through that. As you can imagine, this is a first of its kind public-private partnership, so we're working with our accounting firm to make sure we have clarity on that as we finalize numbers. We don't have those numbers finalized. We won't have those finalized until the state opt-in – or state and territory opt-in process is complete. So before that time, the actual numbers that we're going to be using will be still uncertain.
John J. Stephens: So what I'd expect at this time, for example, we want to build a cell site and put up equipment and it costs us $500 and it's reimbursable from the FirstNet fund. We may finish that in month 11 and send a bill in the normal course, just normal processing. We don't get paid for that bill until month one of the next year or month two of the next year. We don't know how that will work yet. We haven't been through that. FirstNet has been very cooperative. We're dealing with this. I'm just suggesting that those may not match up exactly. We just want to be transparent about that. I don't have any prediction that they won't, but just wanted to make sure that this is a case of first impression not only for AT&T but for the FirstNet administrators. So while we've got a great collaboration going on, it's not done yet, and so we want to be careful.
John J. Stephens: So we can start selling into the states. We started making those sales calls right now into the states that have opted in, and they certainly have an organization that was already set up, already ready to run, so to speak, fully prepared to go in our Business Solutions organization, have a whole team ready to do that, and they've been working on it. So, if you will, those sales activities start now, and I will tell you the sales activities work with industry groups already. So that could involve already making contacts, meetings with sales pitches, maybe not specific proposals, but sales pitches to industry groups and departments across the country. So that's been a very active process. If you will, we haven't given out any specific numbers. I would tell you the opportunity is not only in the millions of potential customers out there with fire, police, safety, and other departments, but also quite frankly for all the related uses and whether we utilize this for a friends-and-family opportunity, whether we utilize this to sell smart cities, whether we utilize this to go in. and where we have an improved network coverage and speed situation because of FirstNet, we go back in and double down on our sales efforts into the existing marketplace. That's what this provides. Whether once we have a FirstNet build complete, what part of that build would be able to handle video. Does this extend our ability to do fixed-to-wireless local loop that we're already doing through the CAF II program and so on and so forth? So I'm not giving any specific guidance, but I would suggest to you that it is real and it is something that we are excited about, specifically with regard to the police, fire, EMT, what I think people would most think about when they think about first responders. Now we do not have a very large percentage of that market share. We certainly underserve it, just like years ago we underserved prepaid and we've had some great success with Cricket and AT&T Prepaid. Just like our DTV NOW product is getting us into being able to serve customers in the video space where we were very much underserved, FirstNet is going to provide a lot of opportunities for us, but one of them is to serve a market where today we are underrepresented and we believe we can do a great job for those folks.
John J. Stephens: Yes, there are devices that are ready today, but there will be new devices. The team has been working with the manufacturers. We work in partnership with Motorola and others on developing new devices, new services, whether they be video-placed, camera location-based services, other, whether it be allowing for the devices to actually become report writers or, if you will, event reporting devices to allow the police officers to have more time on the street than back on the desk writing up reports, all of those things that we've been actively working on since the day we started this process, and we feel very optimistic about that. There are products today that we believe we can use to serve. There will be a whole lot more products, a whole lot more products and equipment out there as time goes on.
John J. Stephens: So thanks, David. On Brazil, with regard to it, there was a Supreme Court ruling on a value-added tax matter that was not our case, but it was a case that we also had in front of them. It provided about – right around $60 million worth of benefit to us in the quarter. It's an item that we had been accruing and depositing cash for while we disputed it. We now determined that we should win that case based of the Brazil Supreme Court ruling, and we booked that through the international LatAm results. We did not receive the cash for that. But it is an item we had been accruing for some time. And the, if you will, expense pressures have been going through, some in 2017, but certainly the vast majority in prior years. So that was that call-out. That is really the major item. But in a company where you file 250,000 tax returns and you operate all across the planet, you've always got tax disputes going on, and sometimes they go in your favor and sometimes they don't. That is what we were trying to say and make sure we were just straightforward. If you look at our effective tax rate on the income tax side, it's a little bit low, but it's all good work. All the things have been working. We just had a couple of things come together with regard to working some things out with the taxing authorities, but we were just trying to be transparent with that. David, with regard to ARPU, let me try to go about it this way. First and foremost, the shift last quarter to unlimited had an immediate impact of impacting our overage revenues because the folks most impacted by overage were the ones quickest to go into the unlimited. We've got smart customers. There were also some promotional activity impacts in both quarters. In this quarter, though, we're starting to see those immediate impacts slow down, and now we're starting to see we believe some of the customers, some of the customers buy up to have protection from overage charges. They may have been on a lower plan, but they now seem to want to buy up. Those are a couple of the moving parts. I will also tell you we are continuing to get further and further towards completion of the equipment installment plan process. I know we've been talking about that for three years now or more. But quite frankly, it isn't complete, but it's near complete, and so that completion helps us compared to the rest in the industry. On the other side, our things like our insurance rate and insurance claim – or insurance processes, we're participating in insurance programs, and some of the administrative charges have helped our ARPU as those things have improved or increased, so that side of it. On the rest of the service revenues, you'll see that we moved away from reseller, and you've seen that all year – all this year but last year on our reseller counts. We have moved away from that, and that is having a pressure on the overall service revenues. Likewise, we've been having gains in prepaid throughout last year and this year, and that's helping with regard to total service revenues outside the ARPU discussion.
John J. Stephens: Sure. So on the upgrade rates, you're right. They were low. They've been low for the six months. For the full year, I would suggest to you, I would expect a pickup in the second half of the year as new devices come out. But I would tell you once – and quite frankly, the longer we get through the equipment installment plan cycle, the more we get back to a normal level where there are enough phones that are three, four – whatever the term might be – years old and need to be replaced, whereas in the first couple of years the phones were still new, and so customers weren't necessarily needing to do it. Quite frankly, the transparency to customers with regard to what these things cost is impacting their decision-making. It's made it their pocketbook decision. While we would expect those to pick up in the second half of the year, and on overall basis, I wouldn't be surprised next year if it picks up from where it is today. But we would not expect it to go back to pre-equipment installment plan levels. I just wouldn't expect that to happen. For the rest of the year, predictions on what the rate would be would be inappropriate. We don't know how customers are going to take to the new devices, the new offerings and so forth, so we'll wait and see how that will come out. I will tell you with regard to the new technology aspect, four-way carrier aggregation, the MIMO effect, some of the other things that we're doing with really upgrading our network and improving it, many of those can be taken advantage of with the new handsets. And so we are watching it carefully because we think those customers are going to have an even better experience with the investments we've been making on our network. With regard to enterprise, what we're seeing is a couple things. There are these annual contracts, whether they be Q3, some are a little bit longer. But as they come up for renewals, there's a step down in these traditional prices. So we've seen a lot of that with regard to voice. And so we're just taking it slow, and we're just going through that. That's one aspect of it. Two, we're able to compete. I don't see it as a losing to competition aspect, but it's just the new pricing levels. Three, we're seeing very little business fixed investment in this space that's generating demand for us or anyone else for that matter. And I think the government's GDP programs, it's why we're so strong on tax reform. It's why we continue to push for tax reform because we think that will generate that investment and help us generate revenue on the top line. Lastly, I will tell you that we continue to be very favorably received on the combination of our wireless and wireline at the business level, the ability to provide IoT devices and other wireless connections to employees, customers, engineers, HR departments, and so forth, to help them do their jobs, that we are doing what I consider to be just a very good job of continuing to fight the fight and keep customers happy, keep them in their relationship with us, and driving cost out at the same time to actually grow margins. But it's a tough enterprise environment and it's a tough legacy environment. And the team's doing really well to shift that to those Strategic Services into wireless.
John J. Stephens: On the Time Warner deal, I won't talk about any sticking points to the transaction. We'll leave that for another day or to when we get it approved. I will make this comment with regard to – Time Warner has got great quality content. Everybody knows that. I think it's undisputed. And so that's going to be great for us to bundle with our products but also great for us to sell to others who may want to bundle their products. With regard to HBO, quite frankly, customers like it. Customers like the opportunity to have that with their phone. So we're just trying to provide what customers want. I would suggest to you – once again, I know this is simplistic, but the best proof we can give is the ability to look at that churn and see where that smartphone churn has gone, and knowing that a lot of that has to do particularly in this competitive environment. It's a very competitive environment, and why are people staying with us? I think in part it's because they like the ability to bundle, so we are seeing that quite well.
John J. Stephens: I don't know, so let me say this. You're hitting it right with the fact of the question of can we generally – I don't want to be on an absolute basis, but generally on a national basis, we use our wireless network starting with our LTE and LTE-LAA with carrier aggregation and so forth, can we provide a connection that would allow for sub (1:00:18) video transport? And we believe we can. The tests that we've done have shown that. Now those are just tests, they're trial markets, and we need to expand them. As you combine the FirstNet build with this, you get more opportunistic because you're going to be out in the network, and you can take advantage of that touches to do whatever else you need to do to improve those capabilities. Likewise, as we have talked about before, we are a big player in the CAF II funding, and are building a lot of that, and so there's a lot of other items to coordinate with FirstNet with our existing LTE network. We have the technology developments with, if you will, 5G Millimeter Wave, but yes, we can. So that is, if you will, our goal to take this 14 million fiber-to-the-prem type coverage and combine it with a 5G wireless to have extensive coverage across the marketplace and be able to provide not only great wireless, but video and other services, mobile broadband and so forth. Tim, if I could, I think this is near you. We just got word that New Jersey has now become the sixth state to opt in to the FirstNet. So we continue the momentum, and I wanted to point that out while we're on the call.
John J. Stephens: Tim, we are confident. I think it's a large part the technology, our network guys, as well as our business operations guys, but we are seeing it. It's already happening. The issue with regard to 50% for me, Tim, is the math exercise that we've got most of the investment dollars behind us to get it to 50%. So then we can see the compounding of the savings going forward because we've got so much already done, if you will, in the book, completed. And so it's easier to build on that, whereas today while the team's doing a really good job getting it up to 34% at the end of last year, they were reinvesting to get there, and they're reinvesting money this year to get to 50% – 55% by the end of the year. So it is absorbing some of the cost efficiencies. It's well worth it, great investment. But once you get over that 50% level, it becomes more of a pure – the benefits will exceed any of that additional investment in a clearer picture.
John J. Stephens: Folks, I appreciate everybody's time, and I want to thank you personally for being on the call today, just a few comments before we go. It continues to be a highly competitive environment, but our cost containment efforts are paying off, and you've seen that in our margins and our earnings. The prudent management of our wireless business led to branded phone growth, record low postpaid churn, and best-ever EBITDA margins. We also posted solid year-over-year and sequential postpaid phone improvement, and we are really excited about the transformation of our broadband business and the inroads DTV is making as well as the developments in our international businesses. Our strategic moves with Time Warner and FirstNet along with these quality current assets, employees, and customers that we already have are separating ourselves from our competitors and positioning AT&T for the future, so we're very excited about what's yet to come. Lastly, one last thought before we go. As you make your way home tonight, please remember, no text is worth a life. It can wait. Thanks again for being on the call and thanks for your interest in AT&T and good night.
