Rick Lindner: Thanks, Ralph. Before we close, let me provide a quick update on business customer trends on Slide 14. The fundamental trends underlying our business are consistent with what you've seen in earlier quarters this year. We're seeing continued signs of stabilization as we work our way through the economic downturn. But I think what is encouraging to us is the trends of our business customers in investing in productivity and efficiency, which helps drive growth in our strategic business products. Revenues from these products such as Ethernet, Virtual Private Networks and application services were up again this quarter, more than 15%. And business IP revenues, overall, were up 8%. As you know, during this downturn, we've executed a clear and consistent strategy in business markets. First, we've invested right through the downturn, adding capacity reach and new capabilities. Second, we've won new business with a number of customer wins that played to both our global and mobility strengths. And third, as we work to make operations and service more seamless for customers, that's given us opportunities to improve our cost structure and grow margins through this downturn. Because of all of this, we are well positioned as the economy improves over time. Now let's take a look at margins and cash flow, starting with consolidated margin comparisons on Slide 15. For the third quarter, consolidated operating margins were relatively stable at 17.3%, and that's despite Wireless margin pressure from integrated device sales. This reflects solid performance across the company. Our Wireline operating income margin was 12% in the third quarter. That's up from 11.2% in third quarter last year. This reflects improving revenue trends and solid execution on cost initiatives. Across the business, our total force since the end of 2009 is down by more than 15,000. Company-wide, we have a commitment to operate as one AT&T, and that means delivering a single, seamless experience to customers for all of our Wireless and Wireline products. And as we consolidate and integrate operations, we have continuing opportunities for cost efficiencies. These initiatives are going well, and they've helped us sustain solid margins while also improving customer service. Along with solid margins, we continue to deliver strong free cash flow. Our cash flow summary is on Slide 16. In the first three quarters of this year, cash from operations totaled $25.4 billion. Our capital expenditures were $13.7 billion, and that includes a 55% year-over-year increase in Wireless-related capital. We continue to expect full year capital investment of $18 billion to $19 billion, although we're trending toward the upper end of that range. Free cash flow before dividends was $11.6 billion, and dividend payments totaled $7.4 billion. Over the last six quarters, we have generated free cash flow in excess of dividends of more than $9 billion. In terms of uses of cash, debt is down almost $4 billion over the past 12 months. That gives us a debt-to-capital ratio of 37.8% and net debt to EBITDA of 1.5%. And all of this gives us the flexibility to continue to invest in the business and return substantial value to shareowners. Let me close by recapping a few items on Slide 17. Again, first, we had a terrific Wireless quarter, breaking about every sales record that we track. And in addition, Ralph's team delivered continued growth in postpaid ARPU and lower churn. We are also very pleased with our Wireline Consumer business, which achieved positive growth this quarter thanks to U-verse and the transformation those services are making in the business. Combined with continued solid cost management, this helped us deliver very strong financial results, with solid revenue and earnings growth and stable year-over-year consolidated margins, even with record Wireless device sales. Put this together with the results from the first half of the year, and you're seeing the makings of a very good 2010. Year-to-date, we're growing revenue. We're expanding margins. We're increasing earnings, and cash flow remained strong, giving us the ability to continue to invest in the business and return value to shareholders. Brooks, I think we should stop there, and we're ready to take some questions.
Rick Lindner: Yes, let's talk a little bit about margin trends. First off, as Ralph mentioned in his remarks, we would expect at this point margins in Wireless to rebound and be stronger in the fourth quarter versus the 37.6% we had in third quarter. The amount of increase there and improvement is a little difficult to project at this point. It's going to be based on the volume of integrated device sales, particularly as we go through the holiday season. But even with that, I would expect margins to be a bit stronger in Wireless. One other thing that is impacting or will impact Wireless margins in the fourth quarter and probably for the next two or three quarters is the transition and conversion of the customer base that we acquired from the former Alltel properties. As we're now getting to the point where we're going to begin aggressively moving that customer base from their current network to new GSM networks to new billing systems. And in the course of doing that, we're going to have to provide that base with new devices, and there'll be subsidies involved in that. And we talked about all of that as part of the acquisition when we first announced it. But I just wanted to remind you, we're now, as we move into the fourth quarter, we're going to be getting into that period where we'll be going through that activity. But even with those, I would expect some improvement in Wireless margins. On the Wireline side, as you mentioned, John, we've had very good results in Wireline margins, and that business is going through a massive transformation as it moves increasingly from voice and legacy Data Services to U-verse to IP-based Data Services and to Managed Services. We've managed that transition, I think, very well. It's an ongoing effort here, believe me, in terms of finding ways to be more efficient in the business. And the one AT&T initiatives that I mentioned in my remarks have been a major contributor to that, and it really does involve almost an internal merger and integration of organizations, processes, systems that support Wireless and Wireline, and we have to move in that direction in order to be able to interface with customers and provide single points of contact, and that's really the way customers want to deal with us across both our Wireless and Wireline products. But at the same time, it's contributed to our ability to take a lot of costs out of the business. As we go into the fourth quarter, I would expect there to be the normal seasonal pressure that we have on Wireline margins, and you've seen that typically every year. It's a function of two or three things. One, being the fourth quarter typically has fewer business days, which affect things like long-distance revenues, for example. So it impacts both revenues and margins. We also typically have a bit higher overtime rates in the fourth quarter due to holidays and due to some of the typical seasonal weather patterns we get in some of our regions. But beyond that, we'll continue to focus on margins on the Wireline side. When you step back from all of that, our expectation is still to be for, in total, for the year, as we guided, in the low 40s in EBITDA margins for Wireless and in the lower 30s in the EBITDA margins for the Wireline business.
Rick Lindner: Jason, on the buyback, first of all, we kind of stepping back and looking at the business and cash flows and capital structure. We had another good cash flow quarter in the third quarter. And in fact, one of the things we've been very pleased with is over the last two years, as we've gone through a very difficult time, the company's continued to reduce strong cash flow, and that's given us the flexibility to continue to invest in areas where we see opportunities for growth, including doing a couple of Wireless acquisitions that we've closed in the last year. And it's also given us good, solid support for our dividend and growing the dividend, and it's allowed us to pay down debt and strengthen the balance sheet. We are sitting right now, similar to where we were last quarter about this time at kind of the upper end of our target credit metric ranges. And part of the reason we continue to stay at that kind of same range over the last quarter is because we have been absorbing the acquisition of the Alltel properties. As we go forward, as cash flow permits, I think we're going to and as we migrate solidly into our target ranges, I think then that gives us flexibility in addition to continuing to invest in the business and support the dividend, to look at some other alternatives like share repurchase. In terms of the ratings activities, we have essentially not changed our, for many, many years, our desire and commitment to maintaining a strong balance sheet. And I can tell you in the last six years, we have not changed essentially the credit metrics that we target to support a strong balance sheet. But each of the rating agencies look at the numbers and the results and have their own proprietary calculations and their own targets, and it's different for each one. And so we will continue to be very consistent in the metrics that we target in some cases. For example, I think the rating activity you're talking about is S&P moving us to a credit watch position. If you look at their press release when they did that two or three months ago and look at the numbers they put in that release, we would have to delever substantially to the tune of as much as $15 billion in order to hit the ranges they were targeting. And I think that's beyond the level that we are targeting in our credit metrics. So we continue to be very consistent in how we're applying that. I think that's the right way to manage the business, given the capital intensive nature of the business, the size of our business, the size of the debt portfolio. I think it's prudent, and we will continue to be consistent with that as we move firmly into our target credit metrics as I've said. That and the cash flow gives us a lot of flexibility to continue to invest where there's opportunities, to continue to support the dividend and to consider other alternatives like share repurchase.
Rick Lindner: So Ralph took the part of the question that we couldn't answer and then shifted the other one to me. He's starting to get the hang of these earnings calls. In terms of capital expenditures, it's always a function of timing and demand in the business. And so as I mentioned in our remarks, I think we'll probably trend towards the upper end of the range. Our Wireless CapEx is up year-over-year about 55%. We talked about being $2 billion higher for the year this year versus last year in Wireless CapEx and year-to-date, that's about where we are. So I think everything's coming in pretty much as we expected. You did see this year a shift in our -- while the overall capital levels haven't changed dramatically, you have seen a shift between Wireline and Wireless. I think as we go into the next year or two, I think you'll continue to see some shifts there. And that's a very natural transition. It's following the shifts in the business. Wireless is nearly 50% of our revenues today. And in addition, as we look forward over the next year, we've got commercial deployment of LTE on the Wireless side. And at the end of '11, we'll be starting to wind down the primary build activities we had around U-verse. And so all of those things will contribute, as well as the trends in the business toward shifting some capital between Wireline and Wireless.
Rick Lindner: Tim, this is Rick. Let me offer just a couple of additional comments on both of those questions. One on handsets and devices, Ralph's exactly right, and we're seeing an unprecedented level of innovation. And it is just fun in this business, frankly, to see the innovation, the new devices, the new features that are coming out literally every quarter. But I want to make sure while it's fun to talk about all the different devices of handsets, I want to make sure that we don't lose sight of the real story here from our perspective. And the real story here is this quarter, with as large of a postpaid base as we have, well over 80% of the devices we sold into that postpaid base, both upgrades and new gross adds, were integrated devices. That's astounding, and it's huge compared to even where we were just a year ago. And I think what that speaks to is the combination of the features in these devices along with the network speeds that Ralph talked about has really facilitated a value proposition for customers and has turned the mobile phone into a mobile computing device. And increasingly, customers want to be able to access applications, access the Internet and receive content via their mobile devices. That is really the real story here. And it leaves us into a Mobile Broadband business for us that's approaching a $20 billion a year business, and a business that's growing at 25% to 30%. That's underlying it. That's the real story, and I think the opportunity for us and why we're excited about this space. And why, frankly, we continue to push integrated devices, we continue to push Data Services into our postpaid base. The other thing that I want to comment on really relates to the overall customer experience in our network as we migrate up first, as we migrated up to HSPA 7.2 and then to HSPA+ and then to LTE. I think we've got the opportunity over the next few years to offer a superior experience on these devices because to facilitate the kind of Data Services and applications and devices that we're going to have and everyone's going to have on the network and that customers want, it's going to require mobile broadband speed. And as a result, you see all the carriers rolling out 4G networks, whether they be LTE or whether they'd be WiMAX or other technologies. But everyone is working to increase speeds. The advantage that we'll have is not just in terms of the speeds available on these new 4G networks. But initially, these 4G networks are going to cover a relatively small piece of geography. And in our network, as customers move off of that geography, they're going to have a great experience in LTE as they move off of that geography. They're going to have a very, very good experience in HSPA+ across our network. And that will be an advantage versus other carriers where you will see a significant decrease in speeds when you're out of their 4G footprint.
Rick Lindner: Those are great questions, Mike. Let me take a shot at those and invite Ralph to comment as well. First of all, I think when you look at our business sales and revenues and look at the various business revenue streams there, again, that's a business going through a transition. We've actually crossed the line this quarter where traditional voice revenues as part of our business revenues are down below 40% of business revenues. Increasingly, it's becoming a business driven by data, by IP-based services, Managed Services and increasingly as we go forward, as companies move more of their applications and their content into the cloud, hosting cloud computing becomes more important, as well as facilitating applications through mobile devices. And I think we're well positioned in all areas of the business where there are growth opportunities. And that's why you see strategic business service revenues continuing to grow quarter after quarter at mid-teens rates. It's why you've seen in the last several quarters IP-based data revenues increasing on the business side, getting into the upper single digit rates of growth. We're also seeing impacts in other areas, still a lot of demand for bandwidth and transport. Now the revenue streams there have been flatter more recently, but that's more a function of companies increasing their bandwidth, but at the same time, grooming their networks and moving to higher speed services. And so we're seeing both on a retail and a wholesale environment, significant demand for Ethernet in backhaul. Again, all of those areas were positioned very well. The one area that has been a drag in the business somewhat has been voice volumes, and I think we will see some improvements there. But as we require some improvement in the economy in employment and as well as on the small end of the business, in new business formations. As we see that and as the business becomes increasingly driven by IP-based services that are on a good growth trajectory, I think that, that's what gives us comfort that the overall revenues on the business side will continue to improve. And as we've talked about, we think longer term this is a GDP, GDP-plus type of growth sector for us. You asked a very good question about the importance of or the need or desire to have both Wireless and Wireline assets, given this environment. And I guess what I would say, Michael, is I think more than ever before, we think there are advantages and strengths in having a combination of Wireless and Wireline assets because that's what is required to provide the kinds of service experience that customers want. And essentially, whether you're a business customer or a consumer customer, you want the convenience of mobility and mobile access to networks and to data applications and content. And you want that over a variety of devices. That's why you see the proliferation of devices on the network from all of the connected devices that Ralph's team is selling to notebook computers to tablet computing. That's the way people want to access the network. But in order to provide the bandwidth and to provide the capacity and to provide the kind of service experience you want, you've got to drive that traffic as quickly as possible into a wired infrastructure, which improves service quality and provides significantly more bandwidth. That's why, for example, in our case, that's why we believe having the Wi-Fi infrastructure and hotspots that we have across the country and around the world are so important. So in our view, we believe to provide the kinds of services that consumers and businesses demand in the future, having both Wireless and Wireline capabilities and having an integrated carrier model is the best way to provide those services.
Rick Lindner: Folks, I'd like to offer a couple of comments and closing. First of all, I want to thank you for taking part in the call today. And again, I just like to highlight a couple of key points. First, as we talked about, we continue to see the benefits of our mobile broadband strategy with just an incredible Wireless quarter. Record sales and activations of integrated devices, double-digit revenue growth, our seventh consecutive quarter of postpaid ARPU growth, and all of that adds up to excellent momentum in our Wireless business. And the second point that I'd like to make is that we continue to post very good, very solid financial results. Consolidated revenue growth and the revenue growth trend is improving. Wireline margins have improved, and even with pressures from record Wireless sales, we grew earnings, and cash flow continues to be strong. When you look at our year-to-date financial results, I think you see the foundation for an outstanding year, and our job now is to execute and finish the year strong. Again, I want to thank you for being on the call today, and as always, thank you for your interest in AT&T.
Ralph de la Vega: Jason, this is Ralph. Let me try to size up the postpaid ARPU question for you. I mentioned in my comments that the Alltel acquisition impacted us by 40 basis points as the customers that we acquired with those properties had lower average postpaid ARPUs than those of AT&T's, so that accounts for 40 basis points. There's another 70-plus basis points that are accounted for as a result of lower regulatory fees, including the universal service fund fees and the regulatory cost recovery fees. If you put those two things together, that accounts for almost more than 100 basis points of difference. If you add that to the 2% growth that we reflected in this quarter, then it's pretty much in line with what we have been reporting for the last several quarters, somewhere north of 2% to 3% ARPU growth, and we expect that as we continue to sell more integrated devices, our base has the capability to continue to get on higher ARPUs in the coming quarters ahead.
Ralph de la Vega: The full run rate should be reflected in the fourth quarter, Jason. We'll double check that for you. But I'm pretty sure it's in for the full quarter.
Ralph de la Vega: David, it's difficult to comment on competitor prices. I want to be very careful other than to say that I'm glad to see that more and more in the industry are, in fact, realizing that spectrum is a valuable resource. And our pricing data consistent with valuable resource that needs to be taken into account. So I think it's interesting that several of our competitors are now offering customers the choice of a lower-priced plan if they use a lower amount of data, and that's consistent with our view that, that is fundamentally the right approach for the long-term benefit of the industry. So that will be my viewpoint on that. In terms of the value of customers that are signing up for either iPhones or integrated devices, those are the highest APV value customers that we have. So we like to see them sign up in record numbers like we did this past quarter. 8 million in total in terms of integrated devices. It's a fantastic quarter, and I think it guarantees that we are getting under contract these very valuable customers in record numbers. So I'm very pleased with both of these issues.
Ralph de la Vega: Here's the way I would think about it is we had record sales quarter this past quarter when everybody else was still offering unlimited plans. It says that the scheme that we came up with to give customers assurance that they were not going to incur a lot of overdues, and at the same time, give them a price break. It's a useless data. It's working extremely well. I was really, really pleased, Dave, to see how customers are signing up in record numbers for both new customers and upgrades. And this is not a significant issue. Our sales people have no issues in selling our products with their data plans that we anticipate that those trends will continue into the future.
Ralph de la Vega: That's a great question. You would expect that if smartphone sales continue to drive at this range, that there will be a reduction in the cost. And I think what it's going to be interesting is to see how some of these smartphones kind of develop in terms of having a lower-end smartphone, if that's what customers want. We're seeing an interesting set of devices that can become available that perhaps are lower cost devices, but they probably also will have lower memory and some other things that lower the price. So it will be interesting to see what customers eventually opt for. But I think the technology and the capability with these operating systems are that they can be such that they can adapt to all sort of lower-priced SKUs and the question is, will that be something that customers buy? We all always have the view that we should give the customers the choice, and that we have a wide range of devices with different price points. So if they want a low-end smartphone, that maybe doesn't have as much processing power or as much memory, they can have that. And still have all the great access to the Web, to their applications with a lower-end device, and our view has always been to give the customers that choice.
Ralph de la Vega: It's going to be interesting. My guess is this will develop over time. There won't be a one-time event that will happen on any particular quarter. And if the customers do want a lower-priced device, we are going to see it gradually develop. We've seen all kinds of different capabilities on the devices. The key, in my view, is will customers want the lower-end device. And look if they want the lower-end device, AT&T has the volume and the scale to be able to deliver to them as good as anybody in the planet. So I'm very comfortable that if that's the trend, we'll be able to offer a competitive device. But my estimation, if that happens, it will be gradually over time. It won't be a one-time event in a particular quarter, down in 2011.
Ralph de la Vega: Jonathan, this is Ralph. I'll address the promotional and let Rick talk to CapEx. We always have some great fourth quarter promotions, but I don't it would be wise to announce to my competitors what we are planning to do. Just rest assured that there's always some great promotions in the fourth quarter. We will have some great promotions in the fourth quarter like our competitors will have. But I would expect that it would be similar to what you see in past quarters.
Ralph de la Vega: Yes, what is happening in the industry and by the way, it is my view that the U.S. now is leading the world what it comes to smartphones and tablets. The development of the applications and operations systems are leading the U.S. to be at the epicenter of everything that is happening new with smartphones. And I think what you're seeing is more choices coming into the marketplace and every year, everybody's phones seem to be getting better and better and better. So I think what is happening in the industry the battle is a battle of innovation cycles, who can innovate quicker and faster based on the fact that all these OS have a very good base capability. It's all now about innovation. I've never seen innovation cycles come quicker. And so I think we're going to have the opportunity to do is to offer customers an incredible choice of applications and services based on this innovative capabilities. But if you look at Android, it has some very good and fast innovation cycles. So does Apple. Microsoft just came out, and they've already announced they're going to upgrade some things in that infrastructure and operating system in early next year. So I think it will be a race of innovation to see who can develop the most innovative products and services. And the thing that I liked about our position is we believe we believe in having a wide choice of OSs, having every single major one. So that if there's any innovation that is important to our customer base, they know that they can come to AT&T, and we'll be able to have it for them. And that's been our view. In terms of HSPA+, I think any speed that we can provide to the network to make it faster, makes all these devices faster. The beauty about it is that the faster network speeds that we're offering today make these devices really come to life. If you have a slower network, I don't think you're going to get utility out of the processing power and the memory capabilities and the video that these devices are capable of delivering. So I think our HSPA+ piece will take a one additional level and give you a fantastic experience when you have one of these processors that now have one gigahertz as a basic core processor. But what we see in the horizon is actually dual core processors, two processors as fast as one gigahertz each. So you can imagine that those devices, unless you have a really fast network, are not going to be able to deliver the best experience to our customers. So that's why I like our positioning so much that we'll have HSPA+ delivered by the end of the year. We're going to have the capability to begin the backhaul upgrades and to provide the services on a geographic basis as soon as the backhaul is complete, and when you get one of these devices with one gigahertz processor, maybe even dual processors, they're going to absolutely hum. They're just going to be awesome. And so I think those are the trends that I see in the marketplace, and we're very excited because I think it plays to our strengths.
Ralph de la Vega: Mike, of course, I would agree with that. The other thing I would throw your way is based on all the modeling that we have done, there's not enough spectrum to be able to take everything that you're sending over wired facilities and put them over Wireless, especially when it comes to video. So in the end, you're always going to need a combination of both and our view is the more integrated you are, the better you're going to be in terms of being able to give the customers what they want in the future.
