John Stankey: Good morning, Brett. Nothing's changed on our approach to Internet Air. I think I'd start with the second part of your question, and I'm going to articulate exactly how we see the product being used within our business moving forward. So we don't necessarily distinguish that there's application of the product out of region just as there is in region, although they're a little bit different. I've said before, I have no issues selling Internet Air into the business segment. It's a really attractive thing for us to do. It's a really helpful product on a number of different fronts that meets a particular need. I've shared with you that given what businesses pay for broadband and the other incremental services you can layer on top of them that allows them to have a higher take or a higher ARPU and their usage characteristics that makes the profitability of serving the product in that segment different than it is in, say, a consumer household with four people that's streaming video all day long. And so we will continue to find opportunities to do that. We have some markets out of region where we're under-penetrated. We have a lot of [network-valued] (ph) capacity that we can use. And we'll selectively look at opportunities to do that, where it makes sense to do that. I wouldn't tell you that's the dominant driver in region and where we've been putting a lot of time and energy. We start with our customers first. We have a lot of longstanding loyal customers that have been with us. They've been buying bundled services from us, and we can give them a better service on Internet Air than we could possibly on the existing infrastructure that's in place, that is generally going to be infrastructure that we're going to be replacing in fairly short order with fiber. And so as a holding strategy, we may apply the product in that case to hold that customer with a better service experience because they're a high value customer. It allows us to move into our process of shutting down infrastructure in places where we need to ultimately pull out costs and shutter network and infrastructure, and it becomes a tool in allowing us to do that. And so that's how we intend to use it, and we'll use it, as I said, on a very careful, surgical and targeted basis, but it really hasn't changed our point of view on the product in aggregate. And Pascal can touch on the EPS issue, which I think is a pretty simple explanation.
John Stankey: Hi, Simon. I don't know if I'll be able to give you the exact number you want, but what I will tell you is the ARPU growth is being driven largely by migration into higher speed plans where customers are moving up in the continuum. Plus we've been managing the base of some of our embedded stuff at the low end with some pricing adjustments that we've made that's helped. So the spread from bottom to top of the customer base is a little tighter spread than it used to be in aggregate. But by and large, we've got customers that are choosing to migrate up on speed, and I would tell you, there's a long way for that to run, because as you know, as we're deploying today, at a minimum on the new build, we're putting in 5 gig networks. And so, we've got a lot of customers that have a lot of room to go from maybe their migration into a 1 gig product and ultimately moving up to a 2.5 or a 5 gig product as their needs adjust and when they decide they want to do that. So I would also tell you, when you look at where we're selling on average price per bid, relative to others in the industry, we tend to sell at a bit of a discount, which we're okay with right now. I've outlined before why we think that's a pretty decent strategy at this juncture and allows us to get the faster penetration the way we want to do it. And I think it's also going to help us as we move into some bundling strategies moving forward that it gives us a lot of opportunity and flexibility as to how we think about putting those products together without taking any margin erosion in the approach. So I feel really good that we've got a lot of headroom. I think I would also point out that on the expense side of the equation, we are still scaling. You see it happening each quarter, we're getting better, but in a lot of these metropolitan areas that we're building, we're not quite at optimal scale yet. That's where our build is focused as we move forward, which is to fill in and make sure that we get footprints and numbers of homes passed and workforce sizing that is kind of in an optimal structure. And when we do that, we take cost per down as a result of that. We take cost per down in our acquisition costs. We take cost per down in our ongoing maintenance costs. So you should also understand that from a margin accretion perspective, it's not just about driving the ARPU up, it's about us also getting more efficient and effective on the cost line of how we operate that business. On DTV, we're running the business incredibly well. It's generating the cash that our partnership was designed to generate. The team is very focused on what they're doing. The plan for the first two years that we've been in is basically not only tracked to what we expected, but is outperforming what we expected. I think the focus in that mature business has been really good. We're very satisfied with the trajectory of how it's operating. We're extremely satisfied with how the management team is executing the plan that we set up. They're very focused on what their mission is over the next couple of years. My point of view is we continue to run the play we set up, something else came along that made sense, fine, would examine it, but right now, our management team is focused on operating the business.
John Stankey: Other than the wheels of government turn slowly, not really. It's in the process and we've been working actively. I would say there's a couple states that are a little bit further ahead than the other states in the country. If you want to call them bellwether, they're bellwether from the sense of that is they're getting ready to file and submit their applications. It's exposing a couple of the areas where clarification needs to occur in the process about how the regs are to be applied, how the bids are to be evaluated. That process of getting that clarification between the industry, broadly the state and the Federal government is underway and I think that's where the action is right now. That clarification will hopefully allow the states that are maybe second, third, fourth in the queue to be a little bit more precise in their applications, and I suspect that once some of these issues are resolved, there'll be a little less back and forth and a little bit more of the [rote] (ph), respond to the application and move forward. As I've said before, I'm not optimistic that there's customers that are paying monies on BEAD supported infrastructure builds that impact the 2024 financial plan. I think this is going to be a 2025 plus thing when you kind of look at the aggregate portions of the build, the private capital that comes in, and ultimately customers that come on the network and start buying services that might not have been buying services before.
John Stankey: Yeah, Phil, I'd be disappointed if you didn't try to push your luck, but I think we gave you guidance that said our CapEx for the year was going to mirror kind of what we did last year and I still think that's going to be our guidance. Our CapEx for the year is going to mirror what we did last year. So you should expect you're going to see something in the fourth quarter that delivers a number that reflects something very similar in the neighborhood of what we did last year. I've been telling you, I think, for several quarters that our goal is to get to a little bit more ratable construct around how we operate the business. We've been working hard to do that, meaning we smoothed some things out. We're not quite where we need to be in that regard yet, but we're getting better. So I think you need to be careful leaning extensively on seasonality because if we're doing our job right and we're doing all the right things and managing our working capital and those kinds of things, which I think we're getting progressively better at based on the comments that we gave you earlier, you may see seasonality start to adjust a little bit.
John Stankey: We -- what I would say is, I'll maybe reframe your question. We're constantly evolving our tactics and our approach for how we take share. And we're constantly -- I think we're getting better and props to the marketing team that does this and the operating team that does the build. It's really a team effort frankly that occurs in these markets. There's no better way to sell the product than having -- digging up somebody's front yard, so to speak. So it builds awareness and then our job is to capitalize on that awareness and build excitement around it. And we've done an exceptional job at the front end of making that happen and we continue to fine-tune our tactics around that and that's what's led to faster rates of penetration. And it's a huge sensitivity driver in the overall financial performance of the investment. If you can double penetration rates in the first 18 months over what had been historic levels, it's amazing what that does to pay back effectively and we've been really successful at doing that. I think to give you a little color on your question, as we hit the 40% pen level in a market, which we're now getting more and more markets where we're kind of at that 40% share, 40% penetration level, our tactics do switch. And so, as more markets hit the 40% level, we have to go to a little bit different set of tactics around how we do that. And I think frankly in many instances, especially where those are in region, they play into our strengths in terms of how we drive more value into the household, how we use the bundling lever in an effective way, how we use data differently to target, what distribution channels we use to contact those customers shift as a result of that. So I would say we have a really fine-tuned set of plays that get us from 0 to 40%, and we're pretty good at doing that. And then when we hit 40%, we kind of start to use a different set of playbooks in those particular markets as they mature. And I feel really good that the team has their handle on that and they're doing it the right way. We spend the right money at the right time to unseat those customers and that's why you see that business scaling so nicely in the way that it is.
John Stankey: Sure, Michael. So I would tell you that I don't think anything's really changed in what we see in the device rate, and whether or not it slows dramatically over what its current rate is. Hard to say. I would say the bias is, pick your view of what the economic environment does, and that's probably the higher correlation as to what happens to the upgrade rate. And, if there's a more stressed economic environment, maybe it slows a bit. If it stays healthy and robust and kind of perks along where we're at right now, then I don't think it's going to dramatically change. I think what we've been seeing in general is a couple things. I've mentioned this before in other calls and it doesn't change my point of view. The devices, frankly, from generation to generation change a little bit less. It's harder to get differentiation in the hardware. I mean, they're really good cameras on them and there's really good modems and they all have really good speed because of the spectrum bands they handle and so customers aren't necessarily hanging on a device evolution to say there's such a dramatic uptick in functionality that I can't use my device for several years. Two, I think people are -- the human body, the commercial case industry that is responsible for protecting devices, people are dropping them less and they're taking better care of them, and as a result of that, they last a little bit longer. You add onto that the fact that we're very successful at selling insurance into our customer base. Because we sell insurance, customers are more prone to potentially take a replacement device within the terms of their agreement that they have rather than swap out to a new device. And that has worked out well for customers and it works out well for us. And that tends to extend the life cycle a bit. And look, as devices get expensive -- more expensive, and they are getting more expensive, for whatever reason, consumers are rational animals, and like any other more expensive thing, oftentimes you keep it a little bit longer, you try to squeeze a little bit more out of it, and I think there's a cycle of that occurring. So I think that's why we're seeing the cycle we're seeing, whether it continues to thrive its way down or it kind of flattens out remains to be seen, but it's pretty explainable, and I don't think it's going to substantially alter kind of our point of view of momentum views for you and what we're looking at as we move forward. On the run rate on cost cutting that you ask about, look, the run rate is we did $6 billion over three years, right? And we did that in an inflationary environment, so it was really like, I would say it's 130% of what we really wanted to do when you think about what we were able to actually work through and get done. We've given you $2 billion more over the next three years. You saw that we took an accrual this quarter. That accrual is set up through the course of next year. I think if you want to understand how we expect some of these costs to go, there's probably a correlation to that accrual that you should think about. That's obviously not all of it, but it's a portion of it. It would give you some indication of how we think about feathering this in over the course of the next 12 months. And I would say, as I indicated in my opening remarks, we feel really good about where we are in momentum right now and some of the things we have underway. I mentioned to you many quarters ago that we've been investing in our information technology infrastructure, it's been painful, it requires a lot of work, it's very, very detailed work every time you change out a CRM system or billing system and you have to carefully deal with your customer base and your different distribution channels. We're now getting to the point where we're starting to turn some scale up on those platforms. That coupled with the fact that more of our activity is built on fiber and wireless is giving us a different kind of cost structure in the business. We're going to continue to ride that curve. We're going to continue to make sure that we streamline the business effectively for what we have as the new products moving forward. And that's part of the legacy migration and what we've been doing in geographic footprint shutdown. And I feel really good about us being able to achieve that $2 billion over the next three years.
John Stankey: So what I would tell you, Craig, is I've made some comments in my opening remarks that we had a pre-order rate in this cycle that was probably the best we've seen in a long period of time. And whether or not that's unique to AT&T or unique to the industry, I don't know. I have not heard others report at this juncture. I don't know what their guidance is going to be, but I will tell you that our upgrade rate was a bit higher than what we have seen in the last several quarters, but it wasn't what I would call out of pattern where it's going to be anything that is inconsistent with the guidance we've given you on our margins for the year and inconsistent with what we expect for the business performing. So everything that we have articulated to you where we would guide in on service revenue growth, what we think the operating margins are going to be within the business, our EBITDA performance is all still very much in check relative to what we see going on there. What I would say on BEAD is, I think it will depend. I think in some cases there could be some instances where there's a substitute in a state, but I think in some cases there could be some incremental. And a lot of it will depend on the nature of the particular build geographically where it's located and what our relative contribution is in it. And so I hate to give you such a soft answer, but the good news is it doesn't change anything we've guided you toward in ‘24. It doesn't change anything we're building now for ‘24. It doesn't change what we've committed to you for in ‘25 in terms of our commitment for the total number of fiber homes passed. If we find some incremental opportunities to go after, and if we win some, we won't know that until next year. We'll, of course, make some changes, but that's not going to be something that you're going to be seeing over the 18-month horizon in terms of what it does to our investment levels, sub-count levels, or anything like that.
John Stankey: Hi, Frank. On the business side, here's how I would kind of rank the overall impact. One, the most significant impact that is occurring in the fixed wireline business is what I will call the secular change of technology. So it's the managed complex networking shift toward SDN, which means, provision raw bandwidth and use software, and there's an effectiveness and efficiency issue that comes on with that. You shift -- you may keep a customer, you continue to do business with a customer, but you don't shift that technology dollar for dollar. That's probably our most significant. The second part is our decision to exit certain product sets that are low margin and are inconsistent with our ability to sell that core transport in that secular shifting environment whereas before when we were engineering and provisioning highly complex and managed networks, we oftentimes had to bundle and bring things together which to win the business, which oftentimes led us to distribute and layer on top of that other products and services. In this more of a streamlined focused approach on transport and the accretive aspects of transport, the second dynamic that's occurring is us backing away from kind of layering on the resale of some of those services. I would tell you that the dynamic around business demand is a relatively small if non-existent dynamic in what's happening overall in our revenues. I think there's still a healthy demand in business and I would point out that while we report on fixed business segments specifically, when you look at our aggregate business performance, it's a very different story. So if you were to kind of take our wireless business component and add it to the fixed business, you have a relatively flat dynamic that's going on and that's largely because of the growth in wireless and I actually think we're on the front end right now of many businesses now understanding that wireless technology is their next strategic frontier of how they engineer their processes in their company. And I'm actually pretty bullish that what we saw in the early days of VPN were managed networks and managed capabilities and supported capabilities on complex networks were a big growth cycle in enterprise customers. I think we're going to see the same things start to emerge on the wireless side, and I think that's just going to be growth. And when we have the presence we do in these large customers, the fact that we're calling on them with one set of services and we can sell both sets of services is really important for us despite some of the secular headwinds we're taking and the technology shift out on the fixed side.
John Stankey: Okay. Amir, I'm going to take the liberty of maybe closing this if I can since you said last question. And I'd like to thank first of all, all of you for joining us today. And I would tell you, the way I feel about this quarter is that the pieces have largely fallen into place for us. We have the right formula across the board in the company that's delivering the type of value that we wanted to engineer this business to deliver. And I think, in fact, if you look at the numbers and what we reported, it is delivering. And I think what you are seeing is the results of consistency, consistency of how we're executing in the business, our go-to-market approach and the focus -- the focus on a select number of products and lines of business that is making the difference of how effectively we're operating the company. And I'm really proud of what the team has done to get us to this point. It's not been an easy trail. It's been one that's had a lot of hard decisions. But it's nice to see those hard decisions paying off and the tangible results that drive returns back into the shareholder base. And I can promise you we're all focused on closing the year strong and sustaining the momentum that you've seen in the third quarter. So I thank you very much for your interest in AT&T and hope you all have a good Halloween.
