Ralph de la Vega: Simon, I am thrilled about what we're seeing with the LTE launch. I have been a part of many network and device transformations. And this technology quite frankly is the best I have ever seen in my career. The network technology is fantastic. The devices are fast. They're thin. They have great battery life. It's the first time that I think a network transition is going to be a home run right off the bat. As we launched 3G, it took us about 6 months to a year to really get some really, really cool handsets. This is happening right now with our launch. So I think we've timed it perfectly. And when you complement that what we're doing with HSPA+, I couldn't be more happy. What I see happening with LTE and data, Simon, is just a huge growth opportunity. We mentioned today that our smartphones now make up 52% of our postpaid base. But I think the way we need to think about smartphones in the future is the smartphone is going to equal the phone in the future. It will be 100% in the next 2 or 3 years. These devices are so good and the costs are coming down so much that I think in the future, you could look at close to 100% penetration, not 2/3 like we're selling today. Huge opportunity in smartphones. And then you add on top of that these new devices like tablets and MiFis and e-Readers and telematics. And the growth opportunity is off the charts on this. And then you add to that the cloud, the fact that all of these devices in the future are going to want connectivity to the cloud, which means they need to have great bandwidth, great data capability. And this is not just the demand that we're seeing in this country but all around the world. And so our business enterprise can go and pitch products to them that are based on the worldwide standard today of HSPA and LTE in the future. So I see huge growth opportunities as more smartphones penetrate our base, huge opportunity with tablets and a huge opportunity to provide a worldwide capability on a standard technology platform that is probably the best the world has. And the great thing about doing all of that is that we're doing it with a technology, LTE, that provides a reduced cost per megabyte, that is we can produce the megabyte a lot cheaper on LTE, and it's also more spectrally efficient. So lower cost, lower spectrum requirements and great revenue potential. I'm very bullish on what we're seeing in data, and I think we've only seen the tip of the iceberg because customers love the devices that are coming out and they love using high-speed data.
Ralph de la Vega: John, this is Ralph. While there’s several puts and takes, I think the primary driver of ARPU in the third quarter was lower smartphone growth. And they're very closely correlated. And so we expect that as smartphone growth continues in the fourth quarter, the third quarter was slower than normal because we didn't have an iPhone refresh in the third quarter. But the fourth quarter is going to be unbelievable. And so we expect to probably have the best fourth quarter smartphone sales we've ever had. And so we expect that growth to pick up, and we expect ARPU to pick up just as well. We're very confident of that. That's why we commented that we think hitting 2% is what we expect to see in the fourth quarter, which is right in line with what we have been seeing.
Ralph de la Vega: And, Phil, in terms of your question about promotions, in the third quarter, we based our promotions on a market-by-market basis, only where we had installation capacity. And so we expect that some of those markets will be opened up in the fourth quarter. Now that we've got the technology transition behind us, you'll see a broader number of promotions in the fourth quarter back to the way we were at kind of second quarter and prior to that.
Ralph de la Vega: Mike, concerning the 2% in the fourth quarter, what we typically see when we have a strong smartphone growth quarter is a lot of customers who are on feature phones and what we call quick messaging devices step up to the smartphone category. And that's what we expect is going to happen in greater numbers in the fourth quarter. Third quarter was simply slow because we didn't have an iPhone launch in the third quarter like we did a year ago, but we think that's going to dramatically change and get those back into 2% range. I also mentioned in my notes that we have another device that I think is going to dramatically change those people that are on smartphones and quick messaging devices, the 3GS, which is free with a 2-year contract. We've seen a tremendous, tremendous demand for that device even though it's a generation old. And actually, we're getting more new subscribers coming on the 3GS on the average than other devices. So we’re also out of inventory, sold out on that device. And so I'm very, very optimistic on what the fourth quarter is going to look like in terms of smartphone growth. And that's what typically drives the ARPU growth, Mike. So we feel very, very confident. The Alltel impact was in the range of about 23 basis points, Mike. But the majority of it was driven through smartphone growth, and we are very confident that's going to pick up in the fourth quarter. Okay, the other question on the technology upgrade. Typically, when we provide new upgrades to U-verse, we required a few more dispatches so we planned for that. This time, we reduced promotions so that we could provide good service intervals to customers when they reported any issues with the transition. It worked extremely well. That work is behind us, and now we'll go back to the regular output -- mode of business in the fourth quarter.
Ralph de la Vega: No, it's more feature related, a slew of new features and you're going to see -- that was the basic upgrade platform. You're going to see us now roll out new features in the next 2 or 3 months of how to connect your smartphone to your U-verse TV, connect your iPad, watch complimentary content, all kinds of new connectivity options that are going to become available now that the platform has been upgraded.
Ralph de la Vega: In terms of the capability to grow ARPU, I think that as I mentioned before, we're going to see customers use more data, not less. I don't see an environment going into the future where customers are going to use less data. These products are too good. There's an incredible amount of streaming content that's available. So we're going to continue to see customer data usage increase. We have not seen a decline, and I don't see it any way to decline. That's why I feel so bullish about our position of having 50% of our base already on tiered plans, and we plan to make available more tiered options for customers in the future so they can enjoy the data services that they want. So what I see is exactly the opposite of the scenario you suggested is where everybody is actually using more data. I see it across every product category we sell and that more handsets that we get into a customer's hands that are smartphones, the more data that they use, not the less.
Ralph de la Vega: I can't give you an exact number, but we do have overage from both plans. So they’re actually small right now. I think that they're not significant overages, but like I said before, we plan to make available more options to customers that may need higher usage categories in the future, so they can feel comfortable in stepping up but not feeling that they're having to pay an exorbitant amount. We want to encourage customers to use more and incur a little more cost if that's what they want to do or stay with the plans that they have. But we're going to have lots of data options. The other thing that I feel so bullish about is what is happening in the tablet arena. I mean, it's very obvious to me that this tablet revolution is going to continue. I don't see anything in the horizon that stops it, and I think customers are going to want both, some smartphones and a tablet. And they're going to see their content on the tablet in ways that's going to make them use more and more data. So I think the future of tablet computing is going to be very good for our industry.
Ralph de la Vega: Jason, this is Ralph. Let me address both of those issues. In terms of the voice ARPU, what we saw in the first quarter, it wasn't a major impact. We had a smaller impact as a result of us implementing the mobile to any mobile plans in the third quarter. We think that those migrations that happened in the third quarter will not happen in the fourth quarter because those plans have already been implemented and are reflected in third quarter results. But the biggest impact to the third quarter ARPU number was still data. It wasn't voice. In terms of the upgrade, the changes in upgrade policy do not impact this year. They'll impact next year. And what we saw was just simply the fact that the iPhone refresh is taking place in the fourth quarter this year compared to the third quarter last year. The big unknown is what happens when you have an iPhone refresh in the fourth quarter, which is the busiest quarter of the year. And this is the first time that happens so we expect that it will be a little higher than average upgrade number in the fourth quarter. But it's hard to estimate because we've never seen this event before.
Ralph de la Vega: Of course, that's a very good observation. We launched a new $50 GoPhone plan. We put in that plan also some handsets that are very attractive. They're low cost, but they've been a huge hit in the marketplace, so we're seeing that business resurge for us. And I'm very pleased with what we've seen in the GoPhone and we're just getting started. We have a very strong fourth quarter lineup, so I think we're going to continue to do well with GoPhone sales in the fourth quarter.
Ralph de la Vega: I think they're going to be cumulative. I think the third quarter is a preview, that I think we have a good product that should actually play out stronger in the fourth quarter. It's always very competitive in the fourth quarter in the prepaid market, but we have a great product. We have a great price, and we think we're going to do very well.
John Joseph Stephens: Sure, Craig. Let me tell you, first of all, with regard to the pension funding issue, there is some processes that we have to go between -- that every company has to go through between now and the end of the year, not only seeing how our investment results and discount rates and so forth change and results are come out at the end of the year, but also to make some decisions on funding elections that are available to companies today. We'll make those decisions at the end of the year and make our determinations on funding at that time. I will tell you, with that being said, we commonly follow and review this process and in all our business plans and processes going forward. We have assumptions for pension funding and believe that we can handle those in normal course of our business within the normal course of cash flows that we are now generating. And quite frankly, they're also tax-deductible, so while the funding dollars going in at 100%, we get the tax benefits that come back at about $0.40 to the dollar. So that's the issue with funding. We'll have more knowledge about that as the results come in for the plans and as we make our elections on funding. Second, second piece on cash taxes, certainly the bonus depreciation rules have provided us a benefit this year, as tax planning has provided our company benefits for a number of years. This quarter is a great example because in comparing year-over-year results, when we show our 13% growth in earnings per share. That's after taking out a significant tax gain out of last year's results. So my point being though is as with the bonus depreciation rules that it provides us, we continue to plan for that. That payback period is a couple of years out for us, and we expect to have other opportunities to offset some, if not all, of that cash pressure.
John Joseph Stephens: First of all, the margins, I like to look at the Wireline margins from an operating income perspective and from an -- and an EBITDA perspective. But if you look at this quarter, we came in around 32% for our EBITDA margins if you adjust for the storms and the technology upgrade costs. And we came in around 12.5% if you do those same adjustments on an operating income basis. I think on a full year basis, we're probably in the 10 to 20 basis points lagging on an operating income basis, last year's operating income margins for Wireline. So we're hopeful that we can make that up in the fourth quarter. We'll see if we can or not, but we're hopeful about that. So we continue to believe that we have an opportunity to sustain margins at this level or even slightly better than we've done in this quarter, and we're working hard to do that. It is a challenging endeavor. Specifically, as you all know, transforming the business from high-margin legacy products to these next-generation U-verse IP and other services. With regard to our DSL, the most encouraging piece of the DSL story, and while our net adds for the quarter were about in the 5,000 range. The most encouraging piece of it was the fact that we had 500,000 high-speed U-verse/IP DSLAM net adds. So we were able to convert a huge piece of our legacy DSL base into U-verse/IP DSLAM, and we saw gains in small business with that IP DSLAM product for the first time. We'll continue to focus on transforming those DSL lines into high speed. We get great speeds, great service to our customers, good ARPUs. On those areas where we don't have U-verse, I think our plans have been fairly clear. We expect to have an LTE rollout to 97% of the country. And as Ralph talked about, we're getting great results where we have it so we believe that's going to be able to provide a wireless solution at a high speed, good quality, good cost on a profitable basis for us. That's the long-term solution to the non-U-verse areas.
John Joseph Stephens: Last thing, Mike, with regard to the FCC, the intercarrier comp process is important. The issue is important to us. We’ve continued to participate and provide our input to it. I think you're aware, we're a net payer in that environment. So some movement of those costs to more of an economic base could have a positive impact on us. So we're supportive of the efforts, trying to participate in a constructive way for the entire industry and we look forward to seeing what the commission comes out with. And as you know, the devil is always in the details. So we're going to really be careful to make sure we do a good analysis of it. But generally speaking, we're very positive towards the idea of getting a refresh of those rules based on current economic conditions.
John Joseph Stephens: David, let me break a comment, the questions between Ralph and I and I'll take the CapEx question first. I think our guidance remains unchanged. We're in that mid-$20 billion range. I think we're just under $15 billion year-to-date at $14.8 billion or so, so we're at kind of on a run rate that's consistent with what our guidance is. That's the first thing. The second thing is our free cash flows allow us to make this investment. I mean, our operating cash flows are great, and they're what's funding this. Third, we're going to continue to invest, and quite frankly, push for investment in our LTE and all of our successful growing products. So we'll continue to make that. And I expect our CapEx will run in that $20 billion range. Don't expect it to be certainly any expectations of anything other than continuing. And quite frankly, we'll ramp it up a little bit just to get to that mid-$20 billion range.
John Joseph Stephens: And, Ralph, to add to that, David, I mean, we continue to add to that tier data plan group of customers. It's over 18 million now. And if you think about it, we built that 18 million base in not much more than a year. And so we've got a lot of levers with that, and it's working well. You've seen what our churn has been like in the last year after implementing that. And quite frankly, I don't think you've noticed any harm certainly, if not a benefit to our churn level. So we feel like we're really positioned for that growth. And not only from a network capability and quality of service but also from an ability to capture the revenue.
John Joseph Stephens: Okay Jonathan, I guess, just real quickly, I do believe that the margins for the quarter were impacted by the storms and other things, so I think that 12.5% and more of a 32% range for the EBITDA margin for the Wireline is appropriate for this quarter. With that being said, I still believe that there is an opportunity to grow revenues as we're showing and then to have that impact on margin. Quite frankly, the distinction for this quarter is wow we did grow revenues and I am thrilled about our total Wireline and our business Wireline revenues growing. The growth was not dramatic. I don't think anybody would've expected it to be dramatic in this economic environment. And so it's going to take time to get more significant growth and also, we're still feeling the pressures of the legacy products, whether it be the legacy excess lines or high-margin products transitioning to lower margin, things like U-verse. But I still think there's that opportunity. It's going to take some time. Right now, we feel like we're doing a good job of managing those expenses, getting focused on them and holding margins in line with what were our expectations for this year. I hope that's helpful, Jonathan.
John Joseph Stephens: Ralph, thanks for participating in the call today. It's always great to have you with us. And for all the analysts and owners out there, thank you for participating. Let me close by recapping a few key points. We had another solid quarter. We delivered adjusted double-digit earnings growth, strong consolidated and wireless margins and our best free cash flow in 2 years. In wireless, mobile broadband sales in both smartphones and data-only devices continued to be strong, and we had really encouraging Wireline results, including our first sequential revenue growth in Wireline business services in 3 years. Our job now is to execute and finish the year strong. We have good momentum heading into the fourth quarter, which makes us optimistic as we look ahead. Thanks again for being on the call today, and as always, thank you for your interest in AT&T.
