Randall L. Stephenson: Okay. Thank you, John. Last summer we provided a long-term guidance after we closed the DIRECTV deal and it really hasn't changed. We're tracking almost exactly on what we told you. And so when you look at 2016, what you can expect is double-digit consolidated revenue growth, adjusted EPS growth in the mid-single digit range or better, stable consolidated margins with a solid business plan to improve in each segment even while we're investing in Mexico. Capital spending will be in the $22 billion range with our focus on cost efficiencies and SDN creating a downward bias to that forecast, and we expect our free cash flow dividend payout ratio to be in the 70s with a goal of growing free cash flow this year. So that kind of wraps it up and with that John and Mike and I are glad to stay in for questions. So, Tony, we'll turn it back to you.
Randall L. Stephenson: Phil, this is Randall. 'You're economic savant', I've never been called that. So it won't surprise you what we are seeing. We are seeing some softness if you look at enterprise business on anybody that has anything that touches oil and gas industry. All those companies are a little bit defensive right now as you might guess. Also anybody, big exporters, people who are exporting, who have exposure to foreign currencies, particularly the strong dollar, we're seeing weakness there. But I will tell you, we are kind of netted out. Our revenues kind of held their own on the business side because we are taking share and NetBond and Network on Demand, we're having a lot of success in the marketplace, and so we're taking share and holding our own but we are seeing some softness in those areas. The consumer continues to spend money. In fact, there's a decent holiday season in light of really aggressive competition, but the consumer continued to spend money. I might have anticipated, in fact I do anticipate a little more robust Christmas season because you're seeing energy prices at lows we haven't seen in a long time, and you didn't see the step-up in consumer spending that you might've expected in the third and fourth quarter. But the consumer did continue to spend. As we look at 2016, we've built this plan around a 2% GDP growth rate in the U.S. roughly, and there's a lot of science that goes into that but you can basically turn around and look at the last few years, you see it's been 2%, it's not really hard to forecast it these days. We've been fairly tight in terms of hitting our estimates for the last few years. What I am concerned about, I'll be honest with you, is as you look at 2015, there are a lot of things that went the consumers' way and that went the economy's way, not the least of which are energy prices. But even over the last few years, there's been some benefit from 2 million people being put back to work. And so as we get to end of 2015, those benefits that we've seen over the last couple of quarters, if you look forward, are you going to see those in the future, probably not. And so I made a comment last week that got picked up that we're assuming 2%, if you ask me to kind of handicap is there more downside or upside to that, probably downside, but it's probably within a tight range of 2% is what our estimate is right now.
Randall L. Stephenson: So we closed DIRECTV on July 24 and immediately put in place some plans that will be kind of for the first phase of integration. We brought the TV capability into our retail stores and have had nice lifts, as you heard John talk about going through his remarks, and then January we did the unlimited data plan for our TV subscribers. What you should expect is you're just going to continue to see as we roll through 2016 capabilities and offers that take advantage of putting the two together, and the customer experience is going to continue to get better and you're going to see offers that we think are unique in the marketplace. I'm not going to get very detailed with you right now, Amir, because we are still in the process of getting some of the really critical content deals secured, but things are coming together very nicely and you're going to see this kind of a phased rollout over the next few days and in fact over the next 45 days you will get your first look what one of these will look like, and so stay tuned. But I think it will be an eventful year for the industry as we rollout new and different kind of capabilities, new and different type of programming options for the mobile device and even new ways to think about how you price in a mobile-centric environment. So actually I'm very energized and the further we get into it and work with our partners on the content side, the more energized I get about it.
Randall L. Stephenson: So, Amir, I'll tell you right now we are early in the process. The sales channel is just really starting to get their legs underneath them on how to attach satellite and mobility together. This is a new category and so we're very, very new in this and the performance continues to get better and better in the sales channel. Also keep in mind that we don't even have the installation workforce up to speed on provisioning this. So we're just getting the installation and workforce up. We just had the latest union contract gave us the rights we needed to push this out across our entire footprint. And so you're going to see us continue to get better and better there as well. As you pointed out, the satellite adds were strong in the fourth quarter but U-verse churn offset that, so we were slightly negative in total. You'll see that relationship get better and we are doing some things to shore up the U-verse base because we are focused on the satellite product and so as a result you're seeing U-verse churn up. We're doing some things to shore that up. It will improve. Not the least of which, we did some things on pricing to ensure that we can help begin to mitigate the U-verse churn. The other thing we did, and it's early but I think we are going to see some not inconsequential impacts from this, is the unlimited offer for all of our TV customers. U-verse customers can now step into an unlimited data offer and this is we think a hugely retentive offer. It's a great value for our customers to have this type of offer put in front of them. So we think you'll see the U-verse churn get better, you'll see the subscriber numbers continue to improve as we move through 2016 and the sales channel improves, the provisioning channel improves. And then some of these offers I talked about, some unique offers that will be mobile centric offers and some unique content available, we think those are going to continue to add momentum to this as well. So bottom line, we think the subscription numbers get better as we go through the course of the year.
Randall L. Stephenson: It's right now I think we've been pretty clear that the next couple of years we want to get our debt levels back down to kind of more normal levels for us. We spiked them a little bit to get the spectrum bought last year and then also to do that DIRECTV deal. So we'll spend the next couple of years working the debt back down before we start talking about different capital allocations in terms of share buyback or anything of any magnitude.
Randall L. Stephenson: We'll see what the auction brings and then how everybody participates, but I haven't been bashful in saying if there's an opportunity to get another 2x10 at that spectrum, we would pursue it. And so we think we can do that within the guidance John has given here and execute on that, but we'll have to see, David. It's not yet to us really clear what the spectrum footprints are going to look like and whether you can piece together truly a ubiquitous 2x10 type footprint which is really important to us to be bringing another band of spectrum into our operation, it's going to be really important to have a ubiquitous broad footprint. And so we'll have to look at that and obviously we're going to have to look at the person, that bid that the government has just issued the RFP on. So there are a lot of ways we'll evaluate the spectrum scenario, but it's reasonable to assume that we'll be active one place or the other.
Randall L. Stephenson: On your question on sponsored data, James, I think it's important to think about what we have assembled here. And so between DIRECTV and our Otter Media relationship, we think we have the best premium set of content available to anybody anywhere and we're getting the rights secured to allow us to begin delivering this over whatever platform the customer wishes. If the customer wants it on a tablet or a smartphone or on a TV and we're getting to the place where we can do that. Now if you think about the most premium set of content, whether it would be sports programming, whether it would be binged type programming that has stacking rights and [look-back] [ph] capabilities, whether it would be movie libraries or whatnot, it's just a very, very robust set of content that we're piecing together here to be delivered. I think one would just have to assume that sponsored data would be a critical element on how the customer would take advantage of this. And so we haven't developed or announced I should say, we are doing a lot of work right now on how we come to market. We have not announced any plans but I think it would be reasonable to assume sponsored data would be a part of how our customers would take advantage of this kind of content library.
Randall L. Stephenson: Simon, let's say it this way, by the end of the year we expect to be on a run rate of $1.5 billion, which is going to be about $125 million a month. That's how we think about it. That's how we're doing our plans. I certainly don't mean to imply we're at that level in January, don't want to convey that, we're not, I don't expect that, but we expect it to grow throughout the year. We did have a very good first five months of getting costs aligned and addressing a lot of the administrative or headquarter some of the easier costs to start getting out. So we did well with that and we're making good progress on the content, and quite frankly are shifting to a satellite based customer base is helping. But from your question perspective, I would think of it in that way that we are going to hit and hopefully exceed the $1.5 billion run rate which will be $125 million a month by the kind of December timeframe, fourth quarter timeframe. With regard to any capital required for those integration costs, that's already included in the $22 billion of capital guidance. And from the expectation of integration costs, while we have some, without giving guidance, I would suggest to you this way, if you think about what makes up our integration savings or merger savings, content negotiation, staffing, supply chain, the cost to do that are not necessarily significant. It's just a matter of getting it done and doing the business. So I wouldn't expect those types of merger integration costs to be significant. I will tell you we're still going to have customer facing amortization, trademark, trade names amortization, those kinds of normal merger integration. We're pretty explicit with those in the details we provide in our filings. On the content side, and specifically you asked about [RV] [ph], that's going well. We're still early, but as everybody knows, we're partnered with Peter Chernin who I think probably is the best content talent on the planet, and early leveraging the Fullscreen acquisition that we did out of Otter Media, Fullscreen is obviously moving into a subscription model. We're really early to see how that progresses. But we're using that platform to do a lot of work for developing what I will call mobile centric content designed for the mobile device, and very optimistic about what the opportunities are there. In terms of other or broader content ownership, there are a number of areas where we have what I'll call proprietary content. We own a number of regional sports networks. Some of those we acquired through the DIRECTV acquisition. Others we have acquired over the course of the last year. We also have a lot of what I will call exclusive content that is produced by us, everything from the Dan Patrick Show to a particular network we have on DIRECTV and some series like Kingdom and so forth. And Simon, you should expect us to continue to engage at that level and as we have success, you'll see us invest more in the areas where we have success, but right now I think our plate is full doing full-scale integration of DIRECTV and bringing it into the mobility channel.
Randall L. Stephenson: So the Ford deal is exclusively the cars coming off the manufacturing floor, and so those are new cars coming out over now in 2020. Like we said, we are expecting 10 million automobiles to roll off the floor between now and 2020 with our connectivity and just from Ford. You bring up an interesting point and that is there is a massive used car fleet out there that is not connected and there is actually technologies that are now available. I have a sports car, old sports car that I now have connected to the Internet and it's actually a fairly elegant solution. And so there are some capabilities that we are putting into the market, in fact we are selling into the market today, to connect the used car fleet that is out on the U.S. roads and we think that's important because the average age of a car on the road today is 11 years. And so if you really want to grow this business, you need to tap into the used car fleet. So that's a priority for us and you'll see us pursue that. On Mexico, and as it relates to the video opportunity, we are fairly convicted that mobile and video are going to be a category that's very, very relevant in the U.S. and we're early on here in the U.S. but based on early success we continue to get more and more convicted, it is going to be an important category, bringing the two together is going to be important. And if it's going to be important in the U.S., we think it will be important in other markets and Mexico will be no different. As you know, we have a minority share position in a satellite company in Mexico and hopefully we'll be able to do some partnering there but we do think the video combination with mobile is going to be important in all geographies in all markets.
Randall L. Stephenson: I don't know if our partner has any interest in selling that position. So time will tell. We'll just have to see.
Randall L. Stephenson: Don't forget software defined networking continues to push capital requirements down over the next three or four years. We think it's going to be significant.
Randall L. Stephenson: When you think about software defined networking, as you think about the merger synergies for DIRECTV, $2.5 billion run rate synergies, you think about all this going on and just the core business, you've got Project Agile John does where we are really just streamlining a lot of various operations, moving a lot of the customer interaction at their request to digital, the opportunity is really impressive to continue taking expense out of the business. I would tell you, if you look at just this quarter's results, it ought to give you some degree of comfort in terms of what's possible, even at a company of our size and our scale. Whether it's Business Solutions segment, our Mobility segment, our Entertainment Group segment, consolidated – I mean it was a clean sweep in terms of taking margins up and we weren't taking them up 5 or 10 basis points, the margins really moved up considerably. And so we feel really good about the path we are on and the momentum we have on the cost side of taking cost out of the business. On the capital spending side, this is a unique opportunity. We're at a place where a lot of things are converging in terms of maturity that's going to create some incredible opportunities as we go forward. These ubiquitous high-speed mobile networks, I mean they are here and they are ubiquitous, they are low latency, combine that with cloud, combine that with data analytics capabilities that are available to the masses, I mean the world of big data is here and it's available to everybody, and then sensors. The sensor technology, the ability to actually put in sensors at virtually no – I mean the cost is nominal to put these sensors in place. Millions upon millions of these sensors, all of these, these four elements coming together at one time is a massive opportunity and people are not thinking about how to take advantage of ubiquitous mobility, high-speed, low latency networks with cloud, with data analytics, with this sensor technology are going to miss it and we think we're at a place right now where we have a unique position on bringing all of this together and creating growth. We're going to invest through this cycle. We're going to invest in video and making sure we can deliver video to our customers, we think that's going to be a huge opportunity, and expanding our footprint into Mexico. I mean all of these are converging we think to give us a growth platform for the next four or five years that is unique. So we're trying to be prudent, our downward bias on an incremental basis of capital. As we continue to emphasize that, we are being more and more efficient with our capital spend. John pointed out the implications of spectrum. Don't miss this. As you deploy these 2x10 MHz blocks of spectrum, the efficiencies it brings to building and operating mobile networks is significant and we think we're in a very unique position in that regard too. So I said in my opening comments and I'll say it again, our intention is to deliver over these networks the most traffic at the lowest cost per bit to deliver. That's our objective and that's the path we're headed down. So we feel good about being able to achieve that. So thanks for the question and I also thank everybody for your participation on the call. We are off and running with the DIRECTV acquisition in Mexico, those are going well, and we feel good about where we are as a business and looking forward to 2016. So thank you for your interest.
John J. Stephens: Let me give you a couple of insights there. First into the service revenues in wireless, we have to wait and see what 2016 brings, but we're expecting it to improve throughout the year, the year-over-year trends. We continue to see a little optimism in what we're seeing from the customers and demand, so we expect to see improvement throughout the year in that service revenue. On the Entertainment margins, the first point I'd like to make is the $300 millionrevenue deferral did impact margins in this quarter. The margins would have been close to a couple of basis points higher if we would have had that recognition. That's the first point I want to make to you. Second point, what we'll see is we will see the merger synergy savings starting to show up in margins in 2016, and specifically most of the $1.5 billion worth of run rate savings we expect to get to by the end of the year we'll start seeing coming through the Entertainment Group. As we go through the year, we'll see what happens with other competing interests, but clearly those items are leaving us with the expectation that we will have improving margins in the Entertainment Group.
John J. Stephens: Phil, on the revenue deferral, this had to do with one of our major contracts and a customer signed up a two-year contract, and so previously DTV had recognized equally over each month of the contract. We recognize it as we bill it. So we just came to a consistency, brought it to the AT&T methodology. So that $300 million is not in anyway, shape, or form lost revenue, it's just deferred, doesn't change our customer contracts, it won't change our cash collection. It's just a deferral. And additionally, we didn't defer any expenses. We continue to recognize any out of pocket expenses with regard to that in the same way we have done before.
John J. Stephens: There will be some further impacts throughout next year, but by the end of the next year, we'll get into the situation where the originating piece and the reversing piece of this will be offsetting, but that will take us through the next year.
John J. Stephens: Couple of things. One, with regard to the deferred payments in Mexico, those have been our plans all along. We continue to work on the cash flow opportunities and we're doing for a number of years. So those are all in already. There's nothing new here. Secondly, with regards to bonus depreciation, as we told the community when we first gave our guidance that we were taking that into consideration assuming that we'll get passed but we would meet that – we would meet this guidance even if it didn't get passed. It has gotten passed. The one point I would make to everyone is that it's now 15 years our bonus depreciation has been in place, and so getting the bonus depreciation extended for five years and [indiscernible] is really important, but the creation of benefits from bonus depreciation is now being largely offset by the reversal of prior year's benefits that have been taken by taxpayers. So it's much more of a balancing item there. With regard to that pressure on cash flow, it did not come from our pension. We have a pension contribution we'll make this year and about $200 million but that's already been in the plans. That's the only thing that's required. Our pension plan is very well funded. And then we do expect total tax payments to be up this year on a year-over-year basis, but as you know from our prior year filings, our tax payments were really modest last year, and so we would expect those to go out. But all in, we feel pretty comfortable hitting our guidance and we are certainly working very, very hard to do better on that guidance.
John J. Stephens: So [indiscernible] talk about CapEx is like it was this year that it was 20.7 and we'll have about that 15% of service revenues which is about, so it gets to be about $22 billion for this year. That will be our CapEx. The working capital impact of paying for some of last year's purchases this year is in our working capital calculations. I think of it separately from my CapEx numbers, but yes, it's already in that guidance, so we will be adjusting the guidance for that.
John J. Stephens: With our strong cash flows, we're going to continue invest in networks as we've said, keep this quality up and keep these product offerings moving out and we feel comfortable about doing that within that $22 billion range, but we do believe that positions us well. We do think that includes all our merger and integration activities. We've got a lot of fallow spectrum out there that we bought over the last few years. So we're in a very good position to be able to operate within those kinds of parameters and still provide the highest quality service. With regard to the cash after we've done that investment [indiscernible] and we're going to continue to be [indiscernible] loyal and respectful of our shareholders in accordance with our Board's direction. Third, we're going to focus on reducing debt levels. But with that, as you do that, you keep your balance, be strong and keep opportunities available, but that's where we'll be focusing.
John J. Stephens: On the DTV integration and the revenue upside, let me frame it this way. We are pleased with what we have seen so far, specifically the unlimited data and the wireless I mentioned here. We had 500,000 wireless customers signed up for it already. So we're overall pleased with it. We think there's [great opportunity] [ph] there. The timing of those could give us a reason for some carefulness there for this reason. For example, Randall mentioned the training of our technicians who do the installs. We're just going through the completion of that now, and that's really going to be more off a second half of the year where we'll see how really effective that is. We have seen a lot more bundling of the satellite with broadband but we need some more time to make sure that we understand the momentum of that and the progress of that. Additionally, we are still going through the sales process of training our reps who never sold broadband when they sold satellite before or who sold broadband but never sold satellite before, and as Randall pointed out, because we sell wireless we have to increase all their sales activities, whether in the stores or in the call centers. So all of this is going to take some time for us to really track [indiscernible]. I will tell you, we are optimistic and pleased with the initial results but giving any guidance on the revenue synergy sort of perspective is a little premature.
John J. Stephens: Let me take a shot at this. With regard to our wireline footprint, we have about 60 million IP broadband enabled customer locations [indiscernible] from our consumer side and we've got about 15 million IP broadband customers today. So these are round numbers. The stat profile will give you the details. But with that, you can see that [indiscernible] penetration right now is about 25%. The key change here is the fact that we now have a national video product in DIRECTV and a satellite product, and such that we didn't have that before. So many of our, if you will, broadband capable locations didn't have a video offering, now they do. And so as we improve this single [indiscernible] capability, this sales channel capability, all of that, we expect to grow that share and we would expect that it would be a significant improvement over where we're at today. With regard to the expansion that we are doing now with regard to fiber, we are seeing very good results and the ability to always have video available with the satellite product is going to prove I think to be very beneficial for us. So we will expand on that 60 million footprint over the next four years when we will also get to – some of it will overlap but we will get to 14 million fiber-enabled and quite frankly there is a likelihood that we may get to more than that when we are finished. So that's the way to think about that footprint issue. With regard to the capital spend, you are right, we don't go into great detail on the capital spend because in our wireline and wireless footprint and we are an integrated carrier, the spends become overlapping, whether you're taking high-speed backhaul to a sell-side or whether you are stripping wireless traffic or wireline traffic or an IP backbone. But from a general perspective, in 2015 we spent probably about half of our capital in the wireless area, the other half in the wireline area, and if you will the [indiscernible] the shared services area. I will tell you that pickup in the fourth quarter in part was due to Mexico and in part was due to the set-top box and the sales opportunities in DIRECTV. So, I'll give you that way to think about it and I think that will be kind of a consistent story as we go through in the coming years. We are investing at a rapid rate in all of our businesses. The one thing about our wireless business is when you've got the tower network that we have today, the infrastructure that's been there and you have the spectrum holdings that we have today, you can do great things with quality service, at least our networking can do great service and continue to meet all the needs and you can be pretty effective with your capital spend. It's not a situation where there isn't investment, it's that much of this investment has been made over the last three years for the spectrum purchases through the VIP project putting extensive fiber into the ground and backhaul capabilities and we are going to continue that quite frankly with GigaPower as we put more fiber near other cell sites that we can then give even better high-quality backhaul. So it's a really integrated process but needless to say we continue to be very proud of the performance and continue to invest there.
John J. Stephens: Tim, [we don't like to give that guidance] [ph] but let me say it this way. I can completely understand how Verizon or [indiscernible] a similarly situated company can get to that level.
