John J. Stephens: Morning, John. Thanks for joining the call. Let me take the second question first. With regard to the buyback, two things, we do expect to continue in the marketplace participating in buyback. That will be impacted by market conditions, continued strong cash flows, and the other factors that we spelled out. We have not guided towards when or how much we’ll buyback in any of the future quarters. But I think, as we said at the beginning of the year and on the January call, we are in a position with the cash on the balance sheet with the beginning of the year, and strong cash flows this year that we have an ability to buyback a large part of the [authorized] share repurchase, and we'll continue to monitor that and continue to pursue those opportunities. On the business side, we do have continued growth in strategic services, and that growth is encouraging to us, but we are seeing business has to be very careful, seems like whether they are hesitant about the elections, about tax law changes, about the federal deficit, they have abilities to spent or encouraged by that, but they are being very careful, we are seeing a lot of no decisions. So we're certainly hopeful to be able to continue our positive enterprise revenue story, but we'll have to prove that as well everybody else. We're still optimistic about our wireline business and believe particularly our business revenues are going to be positive going forward. It just may take as a little bit longer than we would have expressed to you in January.
John J. Stephens: Morning, Simon. Thank you. First, on question with regard to kind of our strategic initiatives, you’ve seen in the directory sale and the completion of that, we've seen the continued movement on spectrum in 12 acquisitions of smaller acquisitions, why should we close a number of deals that are sitting before the SEC. And I think you’ve seen on – from the strategy side, our filing was serious where we’re jointly going there to clear up some and improve some usability for some of the WCS spectrum we owned. So, those are parts of the strategy. We’re continuing our review on the other pieces of our business. And as soon as we have something for sharing, we will, but we are going through that process and we will continue to go through that process. Just want to be careful to make sure we complete that analysis and have a full story for you when we’re ready to share it, Simon.
John J. Stephens: Everything quite frankly at this stage is an option and we are looking at our whole host of different opportunities or different alternatives as you might expect, our shareholders would expect from us.
John J. Stephens: On the churn side, it was very encouraging. It was not only encouraging on the postpaid, but it was encouraging that it was across the board, we saw improved churn. We are optimistic about our ability to hold onto those kinds of levels and continue to improve it. We will see as we go through some of the seasonality in the business in the second half of the year, how that impacted. But this is a process that’s been going on for a long time making significant investments over a number of years and improving the quality of our network. And our wireless team, including our business wireless team has put a lot of effort to improving the customer experience. So, yes, our networks getting better but the customer experience is getting a whole lot better, and so we are optimistic that we will be able to move forward building from this positive base. But as we go on to the second half of the year and a part of the wireless business here that is much more seasonal, we’ll have to work through that and see if we can meet our goals.
John J. Stephens: Thanks Phil. First and foremost, we think our guidance’s out there, that we get 2% ARPU growth this year. We’re sticking with that. We’re encouraged by – where we are at on the 1.7% so far this year including all the impacts of high margin, high profit, but lower ARPU data in ten devices and tablets. As we mentioned in the call, our phone-only ARPU was 2% this quarter. Why we’re optimistic is because of the pricing changes we’ve done with regard to our tier data plans. We’re also encouraged because of what we’ve done with regard to drawing the smartphone base by 9 million subscribers, converting those lower ARPU subscribers that we had last year to smartphones, and generally more ARPU. So we’re encouraged by that. And we’re also encouraged by the fact that there is a lot more usage going on in that structure of tier data customers. We get better additional revenue, people pay for what they use. So we’re sticking with that. With regard to any shared data plans, we need not expect those to be – we expect those to be accretive over time. We think the conversion of those is going to be measured over time, part of that is because we’re doing like customer friendly, we believe in the old plans available to our customers and we are not forcing anyone off unlimited or any other plans. So we’re expecting it to transition in, but over time we expect it to be accretive because it will allow, if you will our customers the more they share, the more they are going to save. And I think that will be good for both us and them. With regard to our reporting activities, right now we're going to stick with our customer based ARPU. We’ll continue to evaluate all of our customer matrix, and all of our financial reporting and we’ll update that starting with next year as we always do. We are having a robust discussion about what’s the best way to provide the information to analysts, to the readers of our financial statement, to our owners, and so that’s ongoing. But at this time we do not expect to change, if we do, it likely will be with the New Year.
John J. Stephens: Okay, Jonathan, good to hear it from you. a couple of things, one on the smartphone upgrades and sales, a couple of things, one, we are seeing our policy kick in, change in our policy we told you about last year, we told you we’re going to grandfather our customers in and that’s now taking hold, and I think you’re seeing some effects of that. Quite frankly, I think in the first six months, our outsourcing effects of what would be considered a very healthy upgrade cycle fourth quarter of last year, particularly when the old upgrade policy of the shorter timeframe was still in place. So I think we’re seeing, we’re getting some of the benefits of what was upgraded in the fourth quarter last year is – helping lower or slow some of the upgrades in the first and second quarter of this year. We're not going to give guidance on specific EBITDA margins or upgrade cycles for the second half of the year. we are going to – we are sticking with our upgrade cycles being flat year-over-year. I openly recognized the fact that the map of the upgrade process is that we are running at a rate, trend rate for the first two quarters below that. but as we get these devices and have the seasonality of the holiday selling season, we will see an uptick and we’re comfortable with sticking with that guidance that’s out there.
John J. Stephens: As far as EBITDA margins, team did great – feel we’re good about where they are at and about all the items that the actions that the team took to get there and there I feel we’re comfortable about the fact that their – on solid business focused, customer focused strategies, things that we can do at the end, but we’re going to stick with our margin guidance that we’re going to grow EBITDA service margins year-over-year and that we expect that to be greater than 40%, and I understand how the comparisons look today, but we’re going to stick with the guidance we’ve done out there.
John J. Stephens: Yeah, so John, you make a great point. I appreciate the clarification. I think it will be – the year would be flat year-over-year at 25 million.
John J. Stephens: So with regard to the new – the change in the trend for upgrades, let me deal with it this way. First of all, we’re into one full quarter here with regard to – this is the first quarter where the upgrade policy change has really impacted us. And as I mentioned before, the fourth quarter last year was unusually high, so there is some impact I think on the first and second quarter from that. So it’s early in this process, but clearly, we believe that the upgrade policy is impacting – the new upgrade policy is impacting upgrade cycles and it’s helping us control that process and improve margins. Secondly, there maybe some impact quite frankly of the change in upgrade fee. It was a small change, but we – it was an increase of $18. I can’t suggest you that we can measure that. Third, there maybe some impact from customers deciding to wait until the new device comes out. I can’t speak to that, it’s too early at this time. I assume we’ll know that they will have some better insight in that after the device may come out. So I guess the key for us, (inaudible) walk away with this is, it appears our policy is working, it appears our plans are working, we need to continue down this path. But when you look at the upgrade numbers and then tie in the churn, I feel really good about the policies are [working] in a customer appreciative or a customer friendly way. So with regard to our recently announced tentative agreement with both the Midwest and our legacy T employees, I’d just suggest you that we’re appreciative of their leaderships bargaining in good faith, we are appreciative of the efforts that both teams made in coming to a resolution. And quite frankly, I want to point out the resolution in these contracts is right about the same week that we resolved these contracts three year ago. So it’s really good to have a quality working relationship with your employees and their representatives. We will let the details come out from the union and we will let them go through the process of ratification with the employees, which we are very optimistic about. But needless to say, we think it’s a fair deal for some valid employees, but we also think it continues to make a rational progress in not only the way it struck, but the benefit and the cost structure. So yeah, it’s a good fair deal and it gets our employees interest and our shareholders interest aligned. More details to come out and hopefully we’ll have an announcement and ratification coming soon we’re hopeful for that. One other thing I want to add to is, if we're fortunate to get these, which we expect, we’re fortunate to get these contracts ratified between these two contracts and the IBEW extension we've signed a few weeks ago that would bring 25,000 or more than 25,000 of our employees that whose contract terms are coming due this year under new contracts. So we’re really making good progress on that front. And we look forward to working with the representatives from the West and the East, and quite frankly the Southeast in coming to resolutions on contracts with them. We're [pause] about this – we have a lot of good people here, and we're looking forward to keeping them working.
John J. Stephens: Okay. First and foremost, on the employee count information if we could, we’d like to make sure we’re – if you will doing comparative numbers here. We did pull out the Ad Solutions employees from our employee base because of the transaction. And I think that maybe the biggest – if we’re talking about a 4% change, it would have to be that, that explains the difference and that was probably – we’re probably be close 3% of that 4% change.
John J. Stephens: So, I am not sure of which – if anybody think that really the impact of what we’re talking about. With regard to tier data, understanding your question, I guess a couple of points. One, we’ve gone from zero to 27 million in two years. So, we’re pleased and it appears our customers are pleased with it. Two, customers are choosing the higher tier plans, whether that would be the 3 gig or the 5 gig plans with – and a clip of more than 70%. And so we’re doing well and they are choosing to have that usage available to them without additional charges. That’s all happening in this churn environment. So once again, it appears that’s all going well. We don’t give usage base and we’re not going to give breakage information out. But I can tell you, we’re also comfortable with this because of our recent changes to the buckets where we increase the available amount of data to them with a slight increase in price. And the fact that that’s been taken into account with low churn, is just another encouraging piece that we can serve customers well and still get ourselves set up for revenues that are going to be tied to usage, which will then be tied to our capital requirements and a really profitable situation. On the unlimited, I really think the unlimited is a kind of issue that we’ve really handled. And specifically, we’ve handled it because of our bit rate management program. And so those extraordinary consumers have been addressed and the process is in place for more than a few months now. And quite frankly, once again, I look to churn as a indicator of how that’s being accepted and how that’s impacting our customer base, and we feel good about the progress we’ve made there.
John J. Stephens: Yeah. So Tim, I guess just probably more generally than you prefer, I mean the handset as the smartphones and the subsidy issue is day-in and day-out management issue, management intention and focus. So we’re looking at all kinds of things. I would suggest to you that we believe that this is just the first quarter of the upgrade policy change being fully in effect. and so we are optimistic about our ability to continue to manage it, to measure it, to provide customers, not only to enforce it but also to provide customers the opportunity to buyout, if they want to upgrade before their cycle times. and we are in place to do that. So we’re optimistic about the ability to do that. now, we’ll have to do that for ourselves, for our shareholders, for the analysts. But we believe we’re on track to do that. secondly, with regard to the environment as new handsets come out, as things get more competitive, we believe there will be more rationale pricing in those – in that market and we’ll be able to either through our own disciplined actions of pricing [tags] or our own disciplined actions of seeking out more cost advantageous devices. We need to continue to focus on lowering the costs or managing the costs of those subsidies. At the same time, we have some very good customers who are willing and who desire, who want handsets, and are willing to entering the contracts and work with us and provide us good monthly ARPUs that we’re going to be more than happy to continue work with them and continue to hold on to that customer base. So it’s a day in, day out focus of management. But it’s going to be one that we’re going to play out in quarters to come, just to prove to you that we can continue this good progress we’ve made this year, and specifically this quarter.
John J. Stephens: Thanks, Michael. We’re going to stick with our $15 billion to $16 billion of free cash flow guidance or the run rate ahead of that, that’s evident from our numbers, and we’re pleased with the fact with where we are at. But as we’ve mentioned, we’re going to stick also with our CapEx guidance. And so we do expect trending up in CapEx to second half of the year. That’s not a – that’s only because in the first half of the year, our team and network team and others that use CapEx were real efficient and real careful. And if you will, spent the money like it was their own to be careful in managing it, and so they’ve spent a little bit less, but they still got their work done. And now that we’ve got that efficiency, we’re probably going to return more to a kind of normal spin, which will not only have a tick up in CapEx, but we’ll have some – will also impact free cash flow. Our cash tax situation isn’t something we talk about on a quarter-by-quarter basis, I would suggest you, I think the situation for us is a little different over the long-term than others. First and foremost, most depreciation has gone away, but that impact will be spread over three years for us, because of the way to estimate favorables where. Secondly, for this year, we’ve got some kind of the unique benefits that we are going to get. The contract termination payments in the transfer spectrum we made and the pension funding we did in the fourth quarter of last year, we’ll get the cash tax benefits of that this year. Probably more importantly tough is, if you think back to our – an IRS settlement we entered into in September of 2010 for about $8 billion. If you’re familiar with that, you’ll realize that there is about $600 million a year of cash tax benefits that are coming out of that settlement and that will give you every year – through the year, I think 2022. So, that settlement, which provides cash balance into the future. And then lastly, if you’ve seen the spectrum purchases we made, going all way back to the auction process back in the ‘08 timeframe, and all the spectrum purchases since, we don’t deduct or amortize those for book purposes, but they are deductible and amortizable for tax. So, we got a lot of things going on that are going to allow us to manage cash taxes and we put a lot of focus on that. With regard to the pension funding in the highway bill/pension funding, a lot changed. We don’t have any inventory contributions to our pension plan this year, so for 2012 it doesn’t affect us. For 2013 going forward, certainly it could affect us, but it’s too early to talk about that. We have to see how our return on assets do this year. We have to see how our liabilities work out. I will tell you, our focus on the pension play is really to make sure our employees know that it’s secure, and that it’s funded, and that we’re efficient in doing it. And that is as much of focuses as the change in the highway bill pension loss.
John J. Stephens: Great, let me try to (inaudible) so one at a time, first of all we do a tick up in there, a step up in span of the second half of the year in CapEx, yes – we expect that fits with our – sticking with our guidance of about $20 billion. Secondly, I think the – while we don’t give specific predictions of the break down quarter-by-quarter, I think it’s fair to assume that in the first half of the year we spent about 60% or so, close to 60% of our CapEx in wireless and you could expect that that will continue. I don’t want to give any guidance that would move you from that. I think the logical pieces there, things like the U-verse build and the fact that we really are, don’t have any extensive new living units coming new that is in that area, the consumer is for success phased outs, it’s not as much build, explains why some of the wireline maybe moderating, and the LTE build and accomplish that process. And the importance of that too is, it shows, may give you some insights of the why CapEx on the wireless side maybe increasing. We are doing a very dense bill, we think that’s the way to give the best quality service to our LTE customers, and we think in the long-term that’s going to really help in all aspects. So we believe that’s the right strategy, we stuck with that, and we’re going to stick with it, and I believe the customers are going to win, because that we decided to make that our strategy. With regard to so to speak next year and future years, when you think about the fact that the LTE build is well on its way, I think we mentioned 90%, we’re almost 90% of our data traffic is on enhanced backhaul already. As we roll it out, yes there is a logical thought that maybe you can lower CapEx and you just going forward. But we are sticking with our guidance of mid-teens as a percentage of revenue, and that’s really because we’ve got a lot of great opportunities in this business, we believe in the business, both in the wireline and the wireless business. And so, we want to make sure, we guided that – we believe we’ll find good opportunities for that investment, I already discussed this specifics, but I think we’re going to stick with the guidance. I understand your reason, and I think it’s logical that you would think there might be a step down, we’re not guiding in that direction.
John J. Stephens: Quite frankly James, I think you’re probably well aware that our international exposure is really based on a U.S.-based companies going international, and it’s really not significant, the biggest international exposure we have quite frankly, is in our equity income from our investments in Central and South America through our holdings and (inaudible) that probably is the biggest Forex impact. I will tell you on the business services revenue, there was an impact from foreign exchange, but I would suggest you that I don’t think it changes the story for us, on that business services revenue. And I don’t want to hold that out as the story changer. I think it’s just much more about our businesses being careful and a little hesitant because of the uncertainties of budget deficits, tax laws and other things, and maybe that’s our conjunction, that’s what we believe. So it’s more of that than necessarily a foreign exchange hitting our business services revenue line.
John J. Stephens: Thanks, and let me close up here. First and foremost, I want to thank you all for being with us this morning. We delivered a strong financial quarter with record-setting performances in wireless and another strong showing with U-verse. This just only goes to build our confidence as we head into the second half of the year. I should note with you that next quarter, we will report our results on October 21 – excuse me, on 24, October 24. Our earnings call that day will begin at 9 AM Eastern or 8 AM Central, little bit earlier. Once again, thank you for being on the call. And as always, thank you very much for you interest in AT&T. Have a good day.
