John J. Stephens: Yeah. So the historical accounting method is effectively publishing first quarter 2018 results under the old rules, so you've got comparability with last year's first quarter.
John J. Stephens: Yes. So a couple of things, John. First of all, I think on a year-over-year basis, our linear video losses are actually less. As you can see on the chart in the middle there, they're actually going down, so that's improving. We've seen some improvement in our churn rate. And as for (24:21)
John J. Stephens: I think we're going to continue to see challenges in the satellite in the linear pay-TV model as we've talked about. We'll continue to see real opportunities to shift to the over-the-top and continue to grow DTV NOW. And then, what we will see is, as we come out with our new platform along that's in beta and then, quite frankly, some updates that we would hope to have by the end of this year, where you'll start seeing things like cloud DVR revenues, pay-per-view revenues, both sports and movies, some of the opportunities for additional streams and then eventually, revenues for advertising and data insights. We'll see a replacement of the margins and a growth in those margins on an extremely low capital expenditure basis. So we'll transition through that. That's what our expectations on that. Am I answering your question, John? That's what I'm trying to do.
John J. Stephens: That's the process we're going through. It'll be challenging. It's hard work. It'll take us some time, not expect it to be completed this year. But we are optimistic about total video counts growing over 100,000 and the significant year-over-year improvement in total video, almost 300,000 improvement.
John J. Stephens: Yes. I think we'll see some pressure throughout the year, but starting to stabilize at the end of the year.
John J. Stephens: Yes, Amir, it's a good question. What we're thinking about is we're making the investments in the customer base from, if you will, initial basis. So things like BOGOs or offers on equipment. Getting that and getting the customers in and then having that ability to retain them for what is now 120 months as opposed to moving towards a recruiting tool that would be based on service revenues that would occur every month. So we're taking that investment on an upfront basis where we can identify it, taking that pressure through margin certainly, but then knowing that we have this improving churn and this reliability and the ability then to add other services, whether it be broadband, whether it be video, whether it be wireless. That's how we're viewing it. So we've got kind of an ability to turn on and off our investment opportunity and our customer growth. We've, so to speak, had it turned on in fourth quarter last year and then first quarter this year, but I think you've seen that over 700,000 smartphone improvement in the last two quarters over the prior year's two quarters. So if this – take responsibility for that investment today and get it over with and then get the benefits not only over the 10 years we own the – that the customer stays with us, but quite frankly, start getting the benefits from it in the very next quarter or the very next month as you have that investment behind you. That's how we're thinking about it and that's how we go about it. I will tell you, we're trying different data-informed offers and we're exchanging them when we see things work or not work appropriately, and we'll continue to do that. But the best we can, we've focused on these investments to the customer base that revolve around getting everything upfront, knowing what the total cost is going to be and then moving forward. From a competitive environment, we've seen some moderating of the competitive environment over the last few months. There continues to be some changes in that and some offers that we see that we're never sure if they are temporary or permanent, but overall, we had seen some moderation in the environment. And we have, as you can see, performed really pretty well with our really, really low postpaid churn growth in prepaid and really, really improved growth in the postpaid phone trends.
John J. Stephens: We haven't given specific guidance to churn, but let me say this. We're striving to continue to improve churn on a year-over-year basis. Our strategy though really get to what we've seen is when we're able to bundle it with another service, a broadband, a video, wireless, any two or three of those together, we see better churn. And so we also have that and that's a differentiating viewpoint or differentiating capability that we have uniquely that others don't. And so when we can do that, we do have some optimism about the ability not only to maintain these great churn levels but even see some further improvement likely we did this quarter, both sequentially and year over year.
John J. Stephens: Okay. Thanks, Simon. Good questions. So, first of all, our upgrade rate and quite frankly, both the upgrade and the gross adds number, so we had about 0.5 million more devices in the first quarter in the upgrade rates and the gross adds. So we had a big step up. I think that was due to a lot of enthusiasm due to our great offers that the team put out. I think there was some pent-up demand for new innovative devices. And there may have been some change in the fact that devices have gotten another quarter older and people wanted to upgrade. But I think the biggest driver was really our offers. That's one thing. Two, that's caused some pressure with regard to expenses on this comparable basis. If you use the comparable basis, then a lot of those expenses, particularly with regard to BOGO-type offers, may have fallen to the bottom line and caused some pressure there. So that's a reality. On those, we're more than willing to pay that, if you will, make that investment to get the long-term and, quite frankly, immediate short-term additional revenues. I don't know that the upgrade rate itself because the age of devices has changed that much. I do believe our offers drove the increase in the upgrade rate. And the new iPhones may have driven some of it because of the limitation and the lateness that they came in, in the fourth quarter, and some of our customers using BOGOs to buy those in the first. So that's how I view that. We'll continue to watch it. I don't believe we're going to go back to the historic upgrade rates. I think those are clearly a matter of history. And even though the fact that we're talking about 4.3% being a big increase in the upgrade rate gives you the sense of we used to talk about normal upgrade rates being a lot higher percentages. With regard to the video programming, let me just say this. As we move forward through this year and are able to continue to innovate, we'll have a lot of offers in wireless and broadband and in video. One of those would be the one that you're referring to that Randall mentioned, a DTV watch-type program. We'll leave it to my marketing and sales team to come out with the details on that. I know they're going to do a lot better job than I could. But I think the more important message is that we are willing to innovate. We are willing to try some different things to grow the customer base in the right way and continue to be able to grow the overall business on a bundled basis.
John J. Stephens: Again, Mike, good question, a couple things. I guess I'd view the cost of this, sorry, on the video entertainment piece of it, on the video side, that content is variable with regard to the packages we sell. But I also think there's some opportunity going forward to be variable with regard to within the packages. And I think we've made reference to possibly some offers, possibly getting to a point where we have differentiated offers and different packages. We have some today continuing to do that. So I think there is some, not only just based on the volume of customers but also based on what the customers want to buy, and we'll continue to look for that. On the high-speed Internet side or the broadband side, I would suggest to you what we've been building into that 8 million fiber, quite frankly, is something we still have a lot of selling to do into. And so that capital has been spent and that capacity to serve is already out there. We're just in this process of growing this IP broadband base and serving it. So I would suggest to you that could be a change or provide new direction, particularly as we've gotten through the legacy DSL conversions, which has really been absorbing us for the last few years. On the legacy voice and data, those challenges continue to be there. Those costs either have been managed out or continue to be managed out. So that's how we think about this. But on the video side, the real growth here is going to be in these alternative services, whether it's cloud DVRs, pay-per-views, data insights, advertising, doing those kinds of things while growing broadband at a high-speed level and continuing the success we've had. And then as you look at that Entertainment Group, bundling the two of those together, but also bundling all that with wireless, and so that's the real strength in it. That's what makes it worth all the efforts that we're going through to transition it. So it's not just one individual piece, but it's the collection of those pieces that make this very attractive.
John J. Stephens: A couple of things. One, yes, on EBITDA, the USF revenue and expenses are both in the EBITDA calculations, so they will net to zero. It won't have any change to EBITDA. I will tell you, though, Brett, to be clear, in prior years that USF revenue was in service revenues. And so it impacted service EBITDA margins, not EBITDA itself as a number, but the margins. We believe this will give a better picture of what we actually collect from customers on our behalf versus what we collect on the government's behalf, much like sales taxes, which we had never previously counted as service revenues. So you're right. It does not affect EBITDA, operating income, or EBITDA. The starting point, though, would be, would it have an impact on service revenues.
John J. Stephens: U-verse, I think essentially a couple different things. One, the fiber build and the fiber capabilities, the broadband capabilities make that natural bundle very good. Two, U-verse is in our historic legacy telephone company footprint, where we generally have very good wireless capabilities, distribution, and have had actually better results in bundling when we have all aspects to that. So that's another point. Brett, I would tell you the need to migrate U-verse in the satellite to take advantage of differentiating content costs is ebbing or is greatly reduced than possibly it was when we first merged with DIRECTV. All of those things are part of the process. And quite frankly, customer satisfaction with the U-verse product is probably the most important consideration. The people are happy. So those are all things that contribute to that aspect.
John J. Stephens: I won't say in comparison to the two U-verse compared to satellite, but I will tell you that we do believe that we do better and have better churn stats when we can bundle video, both satellite and U-verse. U-verse cannot by definition, but satellite, we have better churn results and better customer experiences when we can bundle with our IP broadband. And to that point, just another reason for the fiber build and the opportunity that it presents as well as what FirstNet will provide to, quite frankly, all our satellite customer with regard to the potential for much better quality wireless service. So all of that kind of plays together.
John J. Stephens: So, Phil, with regard to aggressiveness, I would suggest you we have the capabilities to be aggressive in the first quarter. We did that. We tried different things. As you can tell, we did that in the fourth quarter, too. As you pointed out, we changed them as we've gone through to make sure what we were doing was working and was getting the results, not only just results but the results we wanted. And we're continuing to focus on data-informed decisions in that light. What I'd suggest you is we should continue to see us something like the three offers that we've, I guess, recently put out in the marketplace. In New York, where we're using video as an opportunity to attract customers; in Chicago, where we're using our capabilities with regard to broadband to attract customers; or in Los Angeles, where we're using wireless. We're trying to be market-directed, market-informed and trying to put offers out that'll, if you will, make a difference. You can expect to continue to see us change some things, try some things. We might do a BOGO and then we might do a second one is a 50% fee as opposed to a full BOGO. I think we recently did that with wireless offering. So you'll see us make changes on a regular basis. We're trying to, if you will, make sure we're willing to invest this opportunity in the customer base to grow the business and the opportunities for the long-term. I don't want to suggest that our, if you will, investment levels will continue to be at the same level they were in the first quarter. We'll go through that process as we go through the year and make the right decisions for the short-term and the long-term for the business. But I do expect we'll continue to look at things on a regular basis as we've been doing even here in April. With regard to – the recent issues with regard to, I'll call it, customer datas and customer, if you will, rights with regard to that data, we continue to respect our customers. We've been the guys that have been in the business of, if you will, simply put unlisted numbers for 100 years. We understand the customers' data and privacy and how to deal with that. We're the ones who have pushed for a consumer Bill of Rights and pushed that legislative earlier this year, long before this became a headline story of the recent month. So we continue to believe, and, if you will, respecting your customers' privacy and treating them the right way will provide the long-term results. With that being said, we continue to believe in the processes and practices we have in place as being appropriate. And we continue to believe that there is a space for us as a trusted adviser and a trusted player in the data insights and data privacy space for our customers and for the advertisers who are clearly looking for a trusted partner in that space.
John J. Stephens: So I think it depends, David. I don't doubt. Let me say it this way. For us, we're both growing that improved postpaid phone, improved 300,000, while we still had almost 200,000 – I think it was about 192,000, but almost 200,000 prepaid net adds. So, for us, we're seeing continued good – really good performance in prepaid, but really good performance in the smartphone. So we're seeing a total growth in those phones. That's what we're seeing. I think others are seeing some conversion from prepaid to postpaid. I wouldn't – that may be at the customers' decision just based on pricing opportunities or, if you will, plans that are out there. But we are seeing continued growth in both for us. I do understand your question. And we'll wait and see about what happens with the total marketplace. I don't have a total view of that marketplace because I don't think anybody does because some of the company haven't announced and so forth. But in our, if you will, piece of the marketplace, you saw us now two quarters in a row over the last two quarters a 700,000 improvement in postpaid smartphones and continuing good performance, solid performance in prepaid. So we believe that we're doing very well in the share part of the game. I would also tell you there's other aspects of things in the postpaid net adds, as you all know, whether tablets are going, whether and how people count watches and other devices. I'll leave that to you all to decide and to evaluate. But on the phones, we feel pretty good about getting good value for the investment plans we put out there and a great opportunity to generate value, short-term, the month after, with regard to the revenues these guys are going to generate and over the long-term because of our churn being so low. With regard to FirstNet, FirstNet's something that we're really excited about. We're very excited about getting that, the only exclusive authorized FirstNet core up and running last month. We really do believe that that's critical to be able to provide the services and to provide that quality of service that those first responders deserve and need. We had set up a FirstNet team last year. An individual by the name of Chris Sambar runs that for us. We added marketing and staff and sales people. We've spent money, if you will, and time over the – at least over the last nine months, if not longer, almost a year, I guess, getting to know our potential clients, getting into the industry, making a bigger effort to be a known player. With regard to that, as I mentioned earlier, we've actually had about 600 or so, if you will, departments sign up with us. And those 600 departments came from over 48 states because they can use – we can provide the FirstNet quality services on our existing LTE network once we've established this core, which we did last month. So they can get relentless or ruthless pre-emption, and they can get priority services. And that can all work now. We can provide that. Now, some of those folks that we signed up could have been our customers before they just want to migrate to FirstNet and that'll be part of the process. But quite frankly, I think we've been very pleased about the reception we've been given to at least talk to people that previously weren't our customers. On a per person basis, if you will, some of your first line, first responder, you're thinking about two or three or potentially four connected points, whether it be a body camera, whether it be a phone, whether it be a tablet for their car, whether it would be some drone or some other device they'd use. But you also look at it from the ability to contact with the smart cities, their employer, so to speak, and whether we can sell other services there. We're also looking for the in-house personnel, the dispatch people that work at the police station or other personnel whether we can have an opportunity to sell there. And of course, there's always the friends and family approach. So we're very pleased. First of all, we've got a FirstNet team already set up. They're very active. They've already gotten a number of contracts done in over 40 states. And we continue to be very excited about it. We will get a significant amount of the Band 14 up this year, and we are expecting to, at a minimum, meet and hopefully exceed all the milestone requirements that FirstNet has given us. So if I sound pretty positive about it, I am.
John J. Stephens: So on the advertising, let me start. I'd point out, this quarter we were up 9% in revenues. We have a base of about $350 million a quarter, in that range. I don't have the specific number at my fingertips here. And we grew at about 9%. So the team is actually proving that this works already with our existing, if you will, inventory of ads that we get as the distributor from the content folks. So we're making it work. We're getting higher CPMs and getting higher revenue streams and making it more effective. We feel really good about that. As we go through this year, we hope to add a lot more inventory from underneath our umbrella of ownership companies to that, and we'd like to develop that. If you think about the overall digital market, I don't know the exact numbers, but I think last year, the overall digital advertising market in the U.S. was north of $60 billion, and some estimates will get it in the $80 billion range. We're not what I would call in that piece a significant player. We believe that we can be. We have the capabilities to be. And we've made the investments not only in the personnel and the team that Brian Lesser has established, but we're also making investments in data capabilities and our big data engines inside our company today. So we feel really good about that opportunity. If you think about linear TV and the opportunity to grow that revenue stream, if you think about digital and the opportunity to grow that, and anything about the opportunity to take all of our digital insights and data insights and help advertisers make sure their advertising is working effectively and efficiently, we believe that there's a real opportunity there. So all of that being done within the appropriate rules and data protection activities. So we feel really good about that. With regard to the fixed 5G wireless, if you will, our tests have shown it can be done. We can do it. The opportunity there is something that we have to prove out. We're not as excited about the business case. It's not as compelling yet for us as it may be for some. The reason we don't see that, if you will. The question is to get that fixed wireless through to residential, you still have to have backhaul from where the – the 1,000 feet away, the 1,500 feet away, and you still have to have that backhaul infrastructure. So that could be depending upon your ability to successfully pick who's going to buy and how much we're going to need is going to be a very tricky business case. For us, with this extensive fiber network, we will be able to have that backhaul. With this extensive FirstNet network, we'll be able to have that backhaul. But quite frankly, if we've got FirstNet and we've got fiber there, it may be just as effective and maybe even a better quality product to give those customers fiber-to-the-home. So we're continuing to work at it. I just don't want to hold it out as – right now, we are more excited, as you can tell, from things I've made about our FirstNet opportunity, about the fiber capabilities that we're building and selling into that, and quite frankly, about the overall 5G Evolution and 5G capabilities in our overall mobility network serving much of the mobile broadband demands that are out there or requirements that are out there.
John J. Stephens: Okay. With regard to the 5G, let me make this point. On the 5G Evolution, those devices are not only available now, many of our customers already have them. And so the speeds we get with 5G Evolution by putting up all our spectrum with regard to FirstNet, using 4-way carrier aggregation, which allows us to band the spectrum that we put up now all together, and having 4-way MIMO, which is, if you will, an efficient and quick way to let customers access the network and exit the network, those speeds are working today. And in our test in San Francisco, we got 750-meg speeds on our network. On a full network, that might be 10% to 20% of that level. But we believe we can get 100-meg speeds on our 5G Evolution network with handsets that are already out there today in people's hands, and they're coming through the rest of the handset manufacturer base over time. So I just want to point that out. That's one of the reasons why the FirstNet with the technology developments of carrier agg and 4-way MIMO and 256-QAM and all these other things combined as well as the new spectrum, Band 14, gives us real excitement about the ability to serve customers really, really well. On the 5G, I think by the end of this year, we'll have 5G networks up. The device that will be out will probably be pucks and the ability to connect to a puck. And then we'd expect to see what I'll call handset devices or tablets or those types of what I would – I think many of us would normally think of as devices. Those would be out in 2019. And as I think Simon referenced earlier in the call, we've got, if you will, upgrade cycles that are sub-5% a quarter. So there may be some time to getting those 5G handsets up and running, so to speak. So we'll see how that goes, whether that changes the upgrade cycles or not. But all of that for us points to this 5G Evolution can be a really beneficial thing for us because that's available in many, many handsets today. On the free cash flow side, if you will, Frank, I guess I'll say it this way. Moving to the DTV NOW platform or moving to a thin client platform eventually for the home is really going to change the free cash flow aspects because of the upfront of truck roll cost, the upfront, if you will, climb the roof costs, all of that can change as well as some of the things with regard to billing and administrative costs, the fact that it's an automatic bill or it's a credit card bill, all of those things will change. But that's one of the attractiveness is about the DTV NOW is the economics about not having that upfront investment. That will turn into savings from an upfront investment from a cash flow perspective. So that's why this thing we strongly believe it will work long term. With regard to our first quarter free cash flow – and we want to make one point. First of all, first quarter is always low for us because of bonuses and other things. We had a huge handset sales in the first – in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. 500,000 up year over year in the first quarter. 700,000 up year over year in the fourth quarter. And many of those sales in the fourth quarter, we actually paid for the phones this quarter because they were late in the quarter last year when they were sold. So we had a lot of cash flow pressure from handsets that will reverse itself that'll wash itself out. I just want to point that out. So we feel good about our free cash flow and keeping it in that $21 billion range is the guidance we've given as well as keeping all of our guidance intact.
John J. Stephens: With that, I want to thank everybody for being on the call today. We're off to a fast start in 2018, both in growing our customer base and in building the world's premier gigabit network. We continue to add new subscribers in wireless, broadband and video, and we are on track to turn wireless service revenues towards growth this year. The FirstNet build is kicking in the gear, and we launched the nationwide FirstNet dedicated network core last month. We're working hard to build something great for first responders and early response from our sales activity has been very positive. We're also moving full speed on our 5G evolution and expect to be the first U.S. carrier to introduce Mobile 5G later this year. Behind all of this is our expanding fiber network, which is the backbone for all our networks, both wireless and wired. And of course, we optimistically await conclusion of our Time Warner court case as a court's decision. One last thought, as you make your way home tonight, please remember, no text is worth a life. It can wait. Please be safe. Thanks again for being on the call and as always, thank you for your interest in AT&T. Have a good evening.
