John Stankey: I would just offer two additional thoughts on that. I think as Randall indicated in the wireless space, clearly new switching and change activities suppressed, and it’s largely being suppressed by distribution changes out in the environment. Engagement of the product is not suppressed. Engagement remains incredibly high. And as a result of that, some of the dynamics of customers choosing to go up the continuum of higher priced service plans to accommodate their increased usage is in fact manifested itself and that’s consistent with one of the expectations that we had in our plans this year as we moved through the year, probably offering the advertising space that it’s going to be soft and it’s probably two reasons behind that. One as you know, there is no sports content, one of the best yielding pieces of inventory that we have access to. And so with that, we are moving from the portfolio you are going to see pressure as a result of that. And then secondly, economic activity is down. We have complete segments that have come out of the advertising space. Obviously travel, there is suppression on what’s going on in automobile, hospitality, and lodging. So, as that occurs the scatter market is not as robust as it’s been. I don’t know what the second quarter will bring at the end. Certainly ratings are still there. They are stronger than probably expected, but it’s a demand issue given the economic activity. So, as economic activity goes, I expect we will see that move back one way or the other, and then the theatrical business is obviously a stressed business right now, and theaters are closed. It’s hard to generate revenue, and don’t expect that, that’s going to be a snapback. I think that’s going to be something that we are going to have to watch the formation of consumer confidence, not just about going to movies just in general about being back out public and understanding what’s occurring there.
John Stankey: Yes. Simon, I would say that it’s a can versus want. I mean, we can do virtually everything online. It’s what the consumer wants to do that is more of a question and to add to this point of time are to the pandemic consumers wanted to spend more time in retail stores as a percentage of total gross or adds than they did online it does not mean we didn’t do online volumes and that there are period of time like when a major device comes out that number spikes to a pretty high percentage of mix often times customers just had this desire that they wanted to come in and touch and feel the device and compare it to look at it pick up a couple other items all they were there that was the most convenient way for them to do it I would fully expect that is retail capacity may be diminishes and spokes start to think differently about the behaviors more broadly that we are going to see people start to experiment to use all the great tools that we have out there and all the abilities to actually complete a transaction online and I would tell you I think that in a mixed environment where our customer does a combination of acquiring the device online and then fulfilling they were in a great position because I think you are probably aware of where we have been doing a fair amount in market with concierge services where we have been partnering with third-parties to actually deliver the handset into the home free setup to work with the individual we have doctored those processes to actually make them cleaner and less contact associated with them to make customers more comfortable about that kind of an approach we have been moving some of our employees into the mode of being able to do that we have been shifting stores the curb side pickup where our customer can order online and then drive through store location and pick it up at the curb in a sanitized bag to get it. So, I think we are prepared to adjust to whatever the customer chooses to do after they decide that they no longer want to suppress buying a handset and they need to go out and do something if traditional retail channels are unavailable.
John Stankey: Yes, I would echo, Mike, but I think to your point on what happens over the next quarter or so, it’s I would bet on suppressed activity. I think it’s over the next quarter suppressed because of inability for people to be out and about doing things and being restricted and still given the nature of this purchase maybe wanting to have a little bit more of physical experience at times. I would then suspect that as we get the latter part of the year, you look at discretionary decisions like do I get the handset and a stressed economic environment, I think that discretionary decision on the purchase of the next handset maybe has a little bit of suppression on it as a result of that, not use of the service. Service is indispensable, but the choice to possibly get that next handset and maybe defer it given that’s an outlay in a household that is trying to make some decisions on discretionary income is likely to have a downward bias on it. In terms of the plays we run, our plays remain the same. The strength that Randall talked about in how the networks performing in this moment in time is testament to what we have put in place with the massive increase of capacity and performance that we have been working on through the combination of the FirstNet deployment in deploying our spectrum inventory all at the same time and you are seeing just the strength of the network and how it’s performing right now on our net promoter score results from our customers and their impressions of the network are improving every month right now. And that’s what’s giving us that solid momentum you are seeing in customer acquisition and I expect that as people continue to use the network more aggressively for their indispensable work day in and day out that we are going to see that impression continue to improve and move in the right direction. We are going to add to that a boost of adrenaline with the HBO Max promotion that you saw just started yesterday. We are going to start get pretty loud in the market with that. So, the combination of growing the HBO Max subscription base plus it’s tied to promotion with a lot of our wireless products and services, I think is going to drive up awareness and there are some great opportunities that pair tablets and devices together and see great entertainment with it and get good values on that. That will be helpful. Our 5G deployment as we said we are going to be out in the summer where we have nationwide coverage and that will further improve and also allow for a marketing position that I think would be helpful. And then we are going great guns on FirstNet and you look at the volumes of what’s occurred in the last couple of weeks in the first responder community and some of the awareness that’s been building around what the offering is on that product and service and the awareness that’s driving it, we are going to get tailwinds from that as well and continued great performance. We are now over 1.3 million devices connected to that network and we are seeing that pace accelerate over the last several weeks. And so not that I am enamored with the pandemic, but it has helped that product category and the awareness of that product category. So, we are going to run our plays and we are going to be in a good position, because the plays we have set up are built on the strength that we have been working on over the last couple of years to put in place.
John Stankey: Yes, I would – just to build on what John said, our service revenues are not increasing just in one single category they are improving across the board in postpaid. ARPUs are up in postpaid, ARPUs are up in prepaid. We’re seeing improvements in our connected devices categories. So service revenues are strong across the board. And I would just say structurally, Brett, if we step back and think about this from a macro perspective, in an environment where gross add activity is suppressed and churn is going down, that’s not a bad economic construct for our business. I mean, that’s a – when customers continue to pay their bills and I think by and large what we’ve seen in past economic stress, the last thing that people don’t want to pay is probably their cell phone bill. And so – and we feel pretty good about what’s going to go on there and the suppressed activity is suppressed activity, but we got a great base and an important product and with the network performance getting better and better, that churn number has been hanging in there and getting a little bit better, I think we feel good about it all the way around.
John Stephens: John, if I could, let me just give you a quick view, commercial paper markets, bond markets, asset financing markets and as we have shown bank term loan markets are all open. There was some rockiness there as we went through March, not for us, but for the overall markets. We always had access, but what we are seeing today is the federal stimulus and the federal reserves action really starting to work its way to the system and things getting back to what I would consider more normal state. But I will say those markets are open for us and working and we are getting to make choices on what’s the most efficient, most flexibility in those financing needs that we have. So from that time of the house, I think it’s a pretty good story, it’s been interesting few months, but it’s the policy changes that were made I think are having a positive effect.
John Stephens: So with regard to the asset sales, to your two buckets, one, the sale of CME that our European media company is on track, that’s about a $1.1 billion in proceeds, debt relief about $600 million. We expect that to close in the second half of the year just going through the normal EU regulatory review. We also have in that bucket some other towers, some remaining towers that we are selling under contract and some remaining real estate we would expect those to get closed in the second half of the year. So we are thinking about that, it’s about $2 billion cash plus the relief of debt of $600 million. That’s one set. The second piece is the Puerto Rico wireless operations that process is continuing to go through as a normal federal review process regulatory we expect that to close in the second half of the year. And in both, in all cases, the buyers have the financial resources to close the deal. We have earmarked those funds already. So we want to make sure the flexibility for those. We already decided what we are going to do with those funds with regards to reducing some preferred partnership interest. Lastly, I will tell you that we are looking at other real estate, other – evaluating other transactions, there is some slowdown, but as I mentioned before, there still is availability of funds out there. So we are continuing to work through it and don’t have anything additional to announce, but we are continuing to work through it. With regard to the working capital, we had the impact of COVID on the first quarters working capital only about a $1 billion of what I call timing items that will bounce out in the rest of the year so the one point I think I'd make to you is, if you look back the last 5 years of first quarter free cash flow this is the second highest we have ever had last year was a stellar performance because we had some securitization of receivables and so forth we continue to be able to do that but we haven’t we didn’t add to that balance this year as much as we had in the past so as such is a comparison that is differentiated but I to point out that the expectations or the results we had were expected other than COVID and that we expect that to balance out so the cash flow numbers still feel pretty good when you take into account this challenging environment.
John Stephens: Yes. So, first of all, David, the market is open to us in all forms. The terms aren’t exactly the same as they were, all those kinds of things, they change and they continue to change as we’re going through the year, but they’re very open. If you look at what our bonds are trading at today, they’re a little bit higher, 15 basis points, 20 basis points higher than they were in mid-February, but they’re dramatically off some of the challenging days of mid-March and the end of March. So, my point is, the financial markets are open to us, including asset-based financing next receivables, accounts receivable securitizations. With that being said, as we mentioned in our call, equipment sales are down. So the level we’re going to do with that is down. Equipment sales are going to be down, so the demand on the financial markets to pick those assets up is down. So, quite frankly, it’s a situation where with demand being down, there may be more flexibility in getting it, maybe – I’m not suggesting there, I’m just saying that’s part of that overall discussion. But we certainly – and we took advantage and we participated in those markets throughout the first quarter and in March, as we often – as we usually do. So there has been – I don’t think there’s any limitation there. And, as I said, we’re seeing the markets even become what I would – move back toward more operational, more normal operational activity as we get through April, and we – as Randall said, we applaud the Fed’s efforts and the congressional efforts. Secondly, what I go to is, when I think about free cash flows, I have taken into account a couple of things that we haven’t talked about. I don’t know what the stimulus bill is going to do with regard to whether it’s the PPP loans, the continue to pay your employee loans that a lot of our customers get, whether it’s the unemployment checks that are going out in just record amounts and what will that do to the collections we have with regard to these really great resilient products like wireless and connectivity. You got to take into account whether the deferral of payroll taxes for a company like ours with 250,000 domestic employees, the ability to defer those payroll taxes into 2021 and 2022, not only on a Fed basis, but many states is really pretty important. Whether the other aspects out there are going to provide us some assistance or provide us some pressure, we are going through that. With regard to the businesses themselves, WarnerMedia as John Stankey said earlier, we talked about the theatrical and the advertising piece of those business, we have to go through that. Quite frankly, you can understand when you take production goes on hiatus, we are paying our people and making sure they are personally taken care of, but a lot of the other costs that are cash outlays go away during that time. And so there is a balance there. Business, we did see some businesses trying to extend their terms, weeks, days and weeks and we are working through that, but we are continuing to get paid. And so it’s just working through that, but this ability on mobility, which is quite frankly the big engine to deal with the service revenues and collect those gives me great confidence that we have something to build off of and something to rely on. And when you add broadband, when you add business services, quite frankly, we are seeing some really reliability in some of our entertainment products feel good about our ability to manage through this. We are leaving ourselves lot of flexibility as Randall said, because there is a wide rage of opinions as to what’s going to happen and we are just working through all the different alternatives. The variance is off that base case.
Randall Stephenson: Hats off to the Fed. I would have to give good marks for how they have managed through this to making sure the capital markets have been able to function.
Randall Stephenson: So Phil, on the first part actually where we stand right now is there has really been no acceleration or change in trends. If anything, it slowed down a little bit as people are engaging more with product and clearly at home having more time gaining more utility out of it. However, we are expecting that there is going to be a stressed economic environment in the second half of this year at some point and one would conclude that in a stressed economic environment, there probably are going to be adjustments that people make within their lifestyle and their home. So I would expect that we may see more pressure on that as we move through the year, but we don’t know but would expect that, that’s going to be case. It hasn’t manifested itself right now in terms of decisions to remove. As I said earlier on the wireless side inbound activity, new add activity suppressed right now, you can well imagine with the circumstances around people’s homes and entry and the dynamics that are going on, there is just a lower gross activity that’s occurring in the industry. I don’t feel too bad about where we are in that mix, because with the AT&T TV product as you asked about, that’s a great product to have in this situation. It’s a low touch product, oftentimes customers self install. And so it matches up well to that environment. But there just is a certain amount of economic activity that’s been suppressed there. Our expectations on AT&T TV have been very consistent with what we have seen even with the suppression of the pandemic in the latter part of March where we were restricted on the certain number of dispatches and some of our capacity there. So, we feel pretty good about that launch and where we went. As you know, we have to ramp that throughout the year, so one month is not a year make, but we are right on the plan of what we expected in terms of volume and the customer feedback on the customers we have put on the product has been probably stronger than what we expected. So, it’s clearly showing that the product is closing some of the gaps that we know the satellite product was a little bit soft on and we feel really good about that.
Randall Stephenson: So let me first take the capital issue we go through is we regularly do a real scrub of the process. John – we are working with John’s team, the operations folks. We are constantly going through that. The message we really we want to give to you right now is that we can continue to invest and continue to paying out our debt and continue to pay our dividend all in a very flexible environment, in this. So while we are going or we are going to scrub capital very, very significantly like we always do or we or not we are not announcing any kind of levels today with that being said the critical things that we had going is the completion of the FirstNet build. And we are staying committed to that we have talked about 5G being nationwide this summer so there are such things that we are committed to the stay committed to so it will be revolving story but we feel really good about the financial capabilities to continue to invest and quite frankly the unknown might be is when we come out this what will be the new things we want to invest in that will benefit consumers, that will benefit our shareholders and will retain their flexibility alright John take care of the to respond to kind of the online channels and that question.
Randall Stephenson: But before you go off that and Stankey you may want to follow-up on this, but Simon, back to the issue on the capital spending, the issue that John Stankey and his team are running into right now is obviously in our industry is you know better than anybody, it’s not just writing checks for CapEx. It’s people out doing things and it’s particularly in terms of new sell-side acquisition which we are doing a lot for FirstNet and enhancing density. These require permitting and government officials and government officials are sheltered in place and a lot of the permitting and a lot of the logistics to go into allowing us to invest are a little bit hampered right now. And so while we have no intention of slowing down on 5G and fiber deployment and such, reality is that a lot of it is not in our control. We are having to work through some of those issues. So, there is probably going to be relatively to what the targets we gave you on the CapEx of downward proclivity on that number, just because of logistical issues that we are running into.
Randall Stephenson: Sure. Good morning to you, Mike and let me answer the question. First and foremost, the issues with regard to the accounting side in the simplest sense, is out of the existing new rules that we can look forward in the bad debt risk as opposed to just relying on history. So, that’s what we are doing with regard to recording the $250 million. What we have looked at is for example, in the WarnerMedia business, we look at the theater owners that are out there, but still they have some payables to us or we have receivables from them and we went in and said in this environment what is our estimate of collections, right. On the wireless business, on a month to month business so to speak with whether it be prepaid or whether it be services there is much more knowledge and much more information on that when you look to theirs on the equipment sales and on the next receivables financing. And we take into account what we think is a percentage of those based on their payment history, but based on this new environmental situation, what we think that might be done. So, we broke it down into, so to speak, that category. Conditioning on a going forward basis, we have been accruing up and outside of that 250 accruing up all those, I think there is about, for example, 40,000 postpaid voice customers that we are still providing the service to, but that we did – we counted as disconnects in our numbers. They are not in the 163. We are continuing to reserve those. But we effectively went through that kind of process that I just laid out a mobility that I laid out in more immediate and we continue that throughout the process. And so we are going to continue to update that, be careful with that, but we believe we are, if you will, current and got everything from today’s receivables and the impact COVID will have on those as we collect them into the future.
Randall Stephenson: Let me start and then I’ll hand it to John Stephens here to address, particularly the financial instruments, but also just the free cash flow number that you backed into. We’re sitting here over the last couple of weeks trying to get our arms around where this economic situation can go and we bring in the smartest and most genius economists in the world and you can bring a dozen of them in and the range of possible outcomes just for the second quarter of 2020 is unbelievably wide. And then you begin to push that out for what the full year 2020 looks like, and it remains as wide. And so, trying to discern where you think the economic scenario lands for this year is proving to be pretty difficult right now. And so, as we begin to formulate our actions and look, we – this team here has been through a number of these events. We’ve been through 9/11, this team has been through the financial crisis, now we’re going through COVID-19, and one thing we really like to do is just – let’s just short things up when you have this kind of uncertainty, suspend the share buyback program just to ensure that we have good solid foundation in cash position as we migrate through this. Where can this thing go and what are the implications to our free cash flow numbers this year is a wide range, David. And we’ve given you a number that we feel very comfortable that we can hit this year, that payout ratio in the 60’s, but our scenarios of possible outcomes are pretty wide. But we think what we’ve done is given ourselves a target that we feel comfortable in terms of meeting. And so, there are, as, in these businesses – you follow these businesses a long time, David, there are a lot of levers to pull that are underpinning the free cash flow number and what happens with capital spending and what can you do on working capital, and John is going to talk to you about working capitals and some of our ability to finance some of the receivables and so forth, but bottom line what we’ve given you in that 60’s kind of range of free cash flow payout, the dividend as a percent of free cash flow, it’s a number we feel fairly very, very comfortable we can achieve. Okay? So John, do you want to add anything to that and then talk about...
Randall Stephenson: And let me just close by the question centered around what are you expecting? And as we said at the very beginning, we’re in a world where there is very little visibility in terms of what the general economic environment is going to be? When is America going to go back to work? That’s going to roll out probably by community, it’s probably going to be slower than most of us like. What kind of effect does this government stimulus is going to have on economic activity? How the unemployment benefits going to play into this? So just a lot of unknowns in terms of what’s going to play out over the next few quarters and so that’s why we’ve been a bit defensive in terms of how we positioned AT&T. We have a good cash position. As you heard John Stephens say, we have ready access to the capital markets. And as you heard John Stankey talk about, the resiliency of these products is really, really impressive, it’s really good. And so, we were pleased with how we were able to navigate this early on, it’s very early, but we’re going to continue to invest. You should feel comfortable with the dividend. We’re going to continue to be committed to that dividend and you should see our debt levels come down as we move through the course of this year and we’ll just keep you posted as we work through the balance of this year. So, thank you again for joining us and we look forward to talking to you next time. Thank you.
