John Stankey: Hi, Brett. Let me go ahead, and I'll start and then Pascal can jump in. So first of all, look at the foundation of what we're telling you is we've been I think, very conservative and thoughtful in the guidance we pulled together. It is a tough environment to predict. There's a lot of geopolitical things going on that I think anybody would have a hard time seeing and do a crystal ball on, and that's probably the most difficult wildcard that I think we've tried to take a conservative stance of what we see in the economy today and what the foundation that's rested on is. We know that the services that we provide to customers are pretty resilient even during more challenged economic times. And so we have a reasonably high confidence level that our customers are going to continue to want to use the product and pay us for it.  I think if you go back and look at my public comments probably over a year ago, I've had a relatively conservative view of where I thought the economy was going to go. I've been fairly vocal that I think inflation is a tough thing to have a healthy economic environment and that's good for everybody and it creates some challenges in places. And ultimately, a lot of that came to pass. The good news is I think we're through the worst of it, and we see it easy. But as you heard from my comments, we've expected that we're going to continue dealing with some of that pressure as we move through this year. So we don't have an outlook that says that we've solved the problem. We have an outlook that says we're going to continue to deal with pressures that are hitting some of our line items economically that we've got to account for and things like energy and some of the continued wage and employment pressures that we've had to deal with that will carry through and we have some longer-term contracts that didn't come up during the last year that we know are going to hit us this year in renewals that we have to factor into that. And I think we've tried to do the best we can around it. I see the economy being relatively stable right now. We're not seeing anything that's causing us to be extremely concerned about it. But what happens later in the year, who knows. The point we've made is we've kind of assumed that we're not going to be in a robust growth environment as we make our way through the year. And I would tell you if you're asking kind of what the swing factors are, I think the swing factor, frankly, is if there's some kind of a geopolitical disruption that's something significant that none of us anticipated or that we hope would never happen, it creates a disruptive event. That's probably the thing I'd look at and say, I couldn't predict it. I couldn't plan for it, and that's going to be the issue that we have to deal with, that just pops up and isn't going to be just an AT&T issue.
John Stankey: Phil. So first of all, as I mentioned in my comments, I view the fiber portfolio as that, a portfolio. It's a portfolio of options for us to look at where the return characteristics are most optimal on how we deploy capital around that. And I'm trying to be pretty overt in my commentary to all of you that we understand that we need to be very disciplined in demonstrating to all of you that each of those portfolio decisions and how we put capital against that is, in fact, driving acceptable returns. I'm very mindful of the fact that the Gigapower announcement is a model that the investor base is unfamiliar with. This is something different and something new. And I want to be very sensitive to the fact, just like we did when we were deploying in-region fiber and stepping up our investments. I've tried to be transparent with all of you around what our progress has been on the key drivers of the economic return of that investment. We've been sharing pretty aggressively things with you like ARPUs and penetration rates and a variety of other things that give you the confidence that in fact, that that's a sustainable, smart long-term investment. This new Gigapower model is a bit different. And I think it would be normal for any of you to look at it and say, gee, it's going to return at the same level. And so to demonstrate to you that I'm serious about ensuring that every incremental investment decision we make in this look, 1.5 million homes, you may say, well, that's not a lot. It's over $1 billion of investment to be able to go do this. We set up this first tranche to be able to come back to you over the course of 18 months and give you information that raises your confidence and in fact, we are driving the returns on this in the way that we anticipate them to be attractive and the management team that has been put in place and how the partnership is set up is intended to do exactly that. We will be in the market very, very soon right after the announcement. I intend to have 12 months of penetration information that I can bring back to you. And you can bet that when we're successful doing this and we demonstrate to you that we have the numbers to back it up that it won't necessarily still be 1.5 million. I would also tell you, I want to be thoughtful about, as I've made the comment what is it that we should own and operate 100% to ourselves and what we want to do within the partnership, just like we might have done when we were building wireless infrastructure a couple of decades ago. And if we hit the ball out of the park and things are great, we may choose to do some of this in-house and on our own and not necessarily subjected to a partnership. On the other hand, if we need more scale and we need to move faster, we have a vehicle now that's set up that we can move very quickly to increase the amount of funding and the amount of capacity that's in that entity to take advantage of that. And so we're going to have data that we can come back to you with, and we'll, I think, do the right thing and try to make sure that you're moving along with us every step of the way. And I just see this as another tool that gives me a lot of flexibility and a lot of options.  Relative to the in-region fiber side of things, as I said, I'm looking for a portfolio of returns. And what I tried to stress in my opening remarks is, I'm giving you a characterization right now of what we think are high-return options within the 30 million passings that we committed to and what that looks like, and I've tried to clarify because I know some of you have been trying to do the math on it. But we have these other options now. I want to balance out what I think the return characteristics will be through the Gigapower initiative and we are going to now see some volume and capacity coming in out of region -- or excuse me, out of the 30 million build that will be subject to BEAD funding. And some of that subsidy may have a very different return characteristics than some of the stuff we're doing organically in region right now. And I want to have options open to understand that and look at that aspect of the portfolio as well. And I think we'll get clarity on that is on the end of the third quarter of this year that we start to see where we're successful in bidding for that money, how much it is, what kind of a build line do we put on the business in terms of having to add capacity to get the bill accomplished and how does it fit into the kind of operating territories that we think set us up for a geography and a footprint that's intelligent for us to operate moving forward. So that's kind of how I think about it in aggregate, and I'll let Pascal pick up your question on the free cash flow clarification.
John Stankey: I've given you the pace of how we get to the 30 million. And so I don't see that changing. I think we're committed to what I just articulated to you. So if you're asking am I going to see -- am I going to come back and give you an incremental revision of that 30 million to substitute? No.
John Stankey: Sure. So Simon, I'll be -- I've got to be careful about how much the partnership. It's a partnership structure, it's an entirely separate partnership structure, so you shouldn't expect to see any of the financials pull-through on a balance sheet structure for us, you should expect it to come in is investment income. We'll give you characterizations of the success of that and as it carries forward and you should think about this as both partners carrying equal weight in the execution of the entity. I think that probably gives you a good enough sense of how it carries through. And if you have something else you want to push on, I can try to give you a little more color. The BEAD timing, my point of view is I think there is -- there's been enough information put out there right now. We're going to go through a clarification cycle on the first set of data. I think that's moving along at a reasonably good cliff right now. And I think, frankly, the bigger states, those that have a more robust staffing capability are being pretty prompt and aggressive in working through getting that data set squared away. I would agree with you that there's going to be some states that are maybe a little bit slower than others, but my gut is when you're thinking about kind of the 80-20 rule, the bigger states, they're going to have the bulk of the funding are pretty zoned in on this, and they're moving pretty aggressively to get the process underway. And while there may be some smaller states that take a little bit longer to get their act together or are waiting to see how models develop in some of the more lead states that have bigger staffs to consider these things and then kind of be fast followers. I don't think that's going to inhibit some of the more aggressive states and being in the process and us being in a situation where in the third quarter, there's going to be monies starting to flow down from the Federal government and being turned back to the states for execution. So I don't think you're going to see any substantial shovels on the ground and certainly, customers being served in any substantial way this year. But I do think you're going to see projects and monies awarded before we exit this year, and you will see those volumes start to come online as we move into periods of 2024, and I expect that those will be concentrated in some of the bigger states that have more robust staff that can move through this fairly quickly. And pretty much have a view of how they want to go about doing this. They're just trying to get the data to fit into the process. As I've said before, we view fixed wireless as being a tool in the toolbox that we can use to deal with opportunities in areas that are less densely populated. We'll have our next rendition of the product in the market this year. There will be places where we view it as being an acceptable substitute for fiber deployment. They tend to be -- they are going to be less densely populated areas where it makes sense to do that. We have a plan as to how we want to test our assumptions around that. We will deploy and take advantage of that. I think it can have an opportunity to help us on some of the long-standing hybrid fiber copper base that we have that maybe has some speed challenges, and it will probably help us manage some of the churn characteristics associated with that, and I would expect to use it in that case. And then I would also add, look, there's a lot of businesses that maybe aren't in those less densely populated areas where this will be a perfectly acceptable and strong product, given the nature of how their business runs and what they need for their daily data needs and service needs. And so I do expect that we're going to have an opportunity to complement some of our strength in wireless distribution into the business market to provide a more robust fixed broadband alternative, fixed wireless broadband alternative to those customers, and bundle and package it in where it makes sense.
John Stankey: We have contributed some into the partnership. The reason you're going to see it get off the ground as quickly as it will and bring its first customers on in relatively short orders because while we have been structuring and negotiating this, we've been doing a fair amount of work in parallel quietly. And so the partnership, as we've indicated, is already structured with the management team that's in place that has been doing a lot of work on the offer that knows the markets we're going to be in that has infrastructure and system setup that they can be ready to go on. And I think this is probably one of the things our partner found attractive about this. It's a first-class management team with a lot of capabilities behind it, and we will take some credit for the contribution of that work that we've done within the scope of this year.
John Stankey: Sure, Dave. How are you? I don't agree with your thesis at its point. I absolutely 100% dismiss your thesis. And I don't think that's how the market is structured and functioning today by any stretch of the imagination. I think our -- I go back and I look at our performance over the last 2.5 years, first of all, I would tell you, I think the industry is a lot more healthy than many who would like to trying to come up with this narrative? Is competition up? Or is it destroying itself? I mean I see a pretty consistently competitive industry over this period of time. And I tend to look at it not just on customer counts, but I look at things like both wholesale and retail revenues and how that's flowing through to service revenues. And I see a relatively balanced dynamic in the industry, but the math would tell you that balance dynamic would suggest we've been picking up a bit of share when it's all said and done. And I don't think that's a benefit of the number moving from whatever you assume the normal stasis is $7.5 million to $9 million. In fact, I would say of customers that are paying a reasonable monthly bill, we've taken more than our fair share, and I'm more interested in taking revenue share and profitability share than I am necessarily just taking a subscriber share. And I think our numbers would suggest that we've seen an ever improving trend over the 2.5 years in our ability to do that. So I don't submit to your point of view that if the "industry normalizes" we revert back to kind of where we were three years ago. I think where we are is because of how we're performing today, not what was going on three years ago, and that's kind of how I think about it.  What I would tell you, Dave, is I don't think there's a windfall that comes in on restructuring of legacy costs. And I've I think I've been on this theme for a little while. I mean we've been working this issue pretty aggressively since the day I came into the job, and I would say we had to start formulating the plans when I came in, but now we have a very robust and functioning organization that we're doing this kind of day in and day out. And I spend more time talking about investing in the new business and the growth that we can get on sustainable fiber and a 5G infrastructure than I do on talking about what we are taking out of service, but we are taking stuff out of service. And so when we start managing things like our energy costs down, it's because we're decommissioning equipment and taking it off the copper grid when we are able to manage our dispatches down and show you improvements in our operating dynamics on dispatches. It's because we have a smaller footprint to manage. We are doing this day in and day out. And our pace at which we're doing it is accelerating. We've -- I've given you some hints along the way about the number of products that we've shuttered and when we shuttered those products, it starts to take operating costs out of the business. This is part of what we have in our forecast to you to continue to improve our operating costs. So you're seeing this operating leverage start to come into the business, and it's partly contributed to the fact that we're managing through these legacy costs. And as we give you the forecast for cash this year, when we talk about improvements in our overall cost structure, some of it is coming on the backs of what we're doing here. And I'm very well aware of where our cost structure is on a comparative basis to others that we compete with in the industry, some of which do not have the hybrid asset structure that we have of both fixed and mobile. And we are on this mission to ensure that we're not operating any of that at a disadvantage over the next three, four and five years. And I think you're going to just see this ratably come in over that period of time as we work through what is -- it's frankly a bit of a painstaking process to go through. It's central office by central office line by line, customer by customer, but it needs to be done. I think it can be done in a way that makes us a better and healthier business where we have a great hybrid of a fabulous fiber footprint with a fabulous wireless network that is ultimately the future of how customers are going to buy together, and I like that. I think that hard work will be rewarded in that regard, but I will fully admit, we are creating new intellectual property here around how you get to this space. And I'm choosing to do it organically internally, not through a front-end private equity transaction that puts a little bit of cash in my pocket but ultimately has the value of it accrue to somebody else over the hard work of three, four and five years.
John Stankey: Yes. The way I think about it, Craig, is -- and I tried to use this reference earlier is, I think it's a bit of a -- I don't want to use the term land rush, because it's not it's not that easy to put fiber and it takes a little bit longer than a land rush, but we are definitely in a window right now where I do believe a good portion of the United States will ultimately have a fiber connection to it. And I believe there will be -- if you think about this over the long haul that we're moving to an industry, and I've been pretty clear about this, ultimately, customers are going to want to buy connectivity from one place. They don't necessarily love making a distinction between their fixed provider and their mobile provider. And I think over time, we're going to see an ordering of industry assets that leans more toward that. And my point of view to be in a strong position as you -- if you have the best technology out there and you ultimately build the largest footprint fastest, you're going to be in a better position to ultimately play in the outcome of how that restructuring gets done, and you're going to have the strongest customer base on a relative basis and owning and operating those assets and having the ability to control the product offering and control the cost on it will be the best way to control your progress going forward. So yes, it's a deliberate process to continue to build fiber infrastructure and ultimately overlay it with the wireless business, but that's a process that I think is incredibly durable and sustainable. And my job is to make sure I'm doing it faster and better than anybody else and I think it'll come out in an okay place as a result of that. And as I said, my job is to ensure that people who give us money to go and allow for us to make that investment feel that on a marginal basis, on an incremental basis, we're doing that in a way that's driving successful returns. I think fixed wireless, as I said, has its place in the portfolio. I don't see it's place long term in dense metropolitan areas, and I don't see it in reasonably well populated suburban areas. I don't see the dynamic of that product, and I've been pretty clear about this, if I start to think about consumer behavior and demand of consumption, and I start to take those curves out over three years, I don't see that as the optimal way to service a customer in the near term. So I think the mobile network's role in life is to ensure that whenever somebody is away from a fixed location, they can still get the same kind of capabilities that they get while they're at home, but there's only a certain amount of bandwidth that a mobile network will ever be able to foster and support in that regard. Mobile bits are going to be higher-value bits. They're going to need to be engineered differently. They should sell at a premium because of the supply and demand dynamics on it. And I want to ensure that my mobile network is, in fact, delivering that premium solution on those mobile bets when they need to be provided. And it's absolutely 100% there to do that. And I think at the end of the day, if your mobile network is doing that mad fashion, then you're going to have an opportunity to work in the high-value mobile space for what are going to be emerging capabilities that people need to facilitate the true promise of 5G and real-time transmission ubiquitously any place anywhere.
John Stankey: Hi, Mike. So I'm not going to -- look, it's just not good hygiene to talk about what our plans are on pricing, and I don't intend to do that today. I would just maybe point you back to -- we have a management team who is very good at understanding where we have great value to our customer and where we're selling in that market. And are we getting the maximum value and value exchange back from the customer. And that's across all of our products and services. Last year, I mean, you can see we saw an area where we felt like -- we had some customers that weren't taking advantage of the best plans that we had to offer with the most recent features. and we decided to work in our customer base to help them understand that there were better places they could go where there was maybe an exchange for them to pay us a little bit more, but to get a lot more for what they were paying us. I think we executed that incredibly well. We just gave you churn numbers that were incredibly strong churn numbers, all while we did that, and I think you should step back from that and say that's pretty good execution. I'm not sitting here telling you about I grew service revenues and I'm dealing with a customer flight problem. I dealt with lower churn. And I think that's a testament to the fact that we were able to get a win-win proposition and our customer base with the customers walked away feeling better about the circumstances, and we'll continue to look for those opportunities. Anywhere in our portfolio on any product where we think we can do those types of things, that's just part of being good management. I would expect that there's always opportunities for us to look into that where I think we are on our ability to walk people up the value continuum. We still have room. We're not -- we're not through the 5G replacement cycle. As you know, when a customer comes in and chooses to do that upgrade, that's a great opportunity for us to talk to them about what product and services that they have and to help them understand that maybe buying a more robust plan or fine-tuning how they're buying plants for us might fit into their portfolio and give them the best value. And we do expect we're going to continue to make headway on that. That's part of that service revenue growth the past call guided due to. I don't think anything that we've got in there is Herculean. We've been talking about this for the better part of three years with you. Every year, we've managed to do what we said we were going to do, and it's been consistent with the service revenue numbers that we forecasted for you. I think you should also understand that the global economy is not completely recovered from the pandemic. We still expect that as travel continues to normalize itself that we're going to see a little bit of uptick in relief coming from the likes of more global visitors coming in on roaming and people going places. I think Asia is still going to be suppressed for a period of time, but let's hope the back end of recent policy changes that have occurred in Asia means that we will eventually hit a normalization there that will ultimately get us back to kind of pre-pandemic norms at some point, which is it's good to be going down that path as opposed to having a major footprint that is kind of trying to create a fortress and not allow people to move back and forth between their borders. So we started at the beginning of the end there, which is good. So I don't feel any concern around whether or not we can effectively move people up that continuum. We still have room to grow. We're banking on that in our guidance and we'll execute around it just as we have any other years. I don't know if you want to add anything there, Pascal.
John Stankey: So again, I appreciate your time this morning. I'm really pleased with the year. I thought it was a strong consistent execution year I'm just equally as pleased that we've done the right things to set us up for continued growth as we move through '23. I hope you feel the same. I know the management team is very focused on delivering what we shared with you this morning is our expectations. I feel really good about where our customer base is. As I mentioned just a few moments ago, to have churn levels in our wireless business running at the position they're in with the competitive intensity that is occurring in the industry to have the position we have with our broadband base on fiber and the customer satisfaction is coming with it, I think, bodes incredibly well even in an uncertain environment as we're moving forward.  And the good news is, I think we can grow in both those places to continue to drive the kind of tempered indirect growth that we shared with you. So we're looking forward to doing it again next year. I think we've got the right opportunities in place. I think there's a lot more that we know we can still do to run this business better, and we're about doing that to ensure that we deliver improved performance for you moving forward. So thank you very much. I hope you all have a great '23.
Pascal Desroches: Yes. Brett, the only other thing I would add is, look, we've assumed in our outlook a more normalized industry growth environment. So to the extent it's more than that or less than that, that could be a swing factor. But the thing that I think is important, and I said this in my comments there is, whatever the environment is, we expect to perform relatively well versus the peer set.
Pascal Desroches: Sure thing, John. Here is the way I think about the $2 billion that I flagged in our guidance for 2023. The last several years, we've been growing our subscribers in wireless with that came some upfront acquisition costs. We've said for a while we expect that to level out in 2023. And so once you have that leveling out, we are no longer going to be spending more each and every year than the prior year in acquisitions. So that leveling out, there is assets that are on the books associated with the deferred acquisition costs of those subscribers. That's going to be amortized we have great visibility into that amortization, and that's obviously noncash because we spent the cash in the prior year. So that we have very good visibility to. And look, if we grow more than last year in terms of wireless subscribers, that could be a swing factor, but I don't anticipate that.
Pascal Desroches: CapEx, the thing to keep in mind is we plan to be at peak levels in '22 and '23 because of the significant contributions that we are getting from DIRECTV in '22 and '23's CapEx is fairly meaningful amounts for spectrum deployment and transformation that will begin to moderate as we exit this year. We haven't updated the guide we provided at Investor Day, but clearly, we expect to trend down towards more normalized capital intensity as we exit this year.
Pascal Desroches: Hey, Phil, the simple way I think about the majority of the $2 billion is this. We have deferred acquisition cost that's on the books where the cash went out in prior years. That amortization -- it's going to continue to be amortized against EBITDA in 2023. That is noncash expenses burdening. So when you -- just the sheer mechanics of adding that back to our free -- to our EBITDA will elevate the cash EBITDA that the business produces.
Pascal Desroches: Simon, one other point on the capital structure for the JV to consider is that we do expect it to carry a meaningful amount of debt funding as well.
