John J. Stephens: Thanks. Thanks, David. Let me take the second question first. On the economics, so forth, the postpaid subs were losing a lot of feature phones. They're averaging about somewhere around $35, maybe a little bit less, than ARPU, and have costs associated – the postpaid do – with retaining them. On the prepaid side, we're probably closer to a $41, $42, depending upon the specifics, average ARPU, and much less – they're very, very small subscriber acquisition costs, upfront costs, maintenance costs by the very nature of being prepaid. So from that standpoint, the economics are better, and it is being shown in our margins. When you look at our margins – total EBITDA margins or service margins – you can see that growth, and you can see the level. That's a part of what's driving it. So the economics are – and we're running the business on a branded basis – we think of branded customers and try not to make distinctions on classification. Really makes distinctions on economics, and I think it's showing up in our profitability. With regard to the variables in the second half, there's a lot of things that happen in the second half. There's some seasonality in the fourth quarter in our wireless business. In our video business, we'll have the NFL Ticket come out and we'll have the launching of the DTV Now, and some of the over the top offers. So we'll have a whole host of things going on. I would just suggest to you we're very confident where we're at. We continue to do well. And I wouldn't suggest to you that there's anything necessarily unique or different about the second half of the year. It's just we're careful with our guidance and want to make sure we meet or exceed it; so we feel very good about we're at through six months.
John J. Stephens: Thanks, Phil. So first of all, we have been doing some promotion, some offers, some marketplace adjustments based on how we look at the marketplace. So, some of that is already impacting our results, and we're still doing quite, quite well in margins with that. Secondly, our first integrated product, I'd refer you to is the 5 million customers who have already signed up who have a bundle of our in-home video product, whether it be U-verse or satellite – DIRECTV satellite – and our wireless. It's been successful. We've seen very positive results from our customers, so it is going well. You will see us continue to push that offering as well as others. And then, I would suggest to you you'll see more things come out as we roll out our over-the-top offerings and other aspects. But right now, we are seeing some improvement in our attach rate of IP broadband with our video sales. And that is improving as we see the trends for the last four or five months. And we would expect to see some continued positive bundling, if you will, of wireless and video, as we've already seen 5 million people sign up for it.
John J. Stephens: I think there is a whole host of activities going on. I would suggest to you it's this way. While I believe that everything is moving well and all on our timeline that we've targeted, the biggest guidance piece on it is going to be, we're going to want to make sure it comes out with high quality and high performance. And so, as we develop this and test it, that will determine its timeframe. We'll want to make sure when it comes out, it's the high-quality product. If you think about the technology development, that's on track. If you think about the assets we need to provide that, those have been acquired; those are on track. If you think about the contracts we need to get the stacking rights and digital rights, those are going well. It's just a matter of getting all of those things coordinated together and then make sure it's the highest quality product you can have at launch. But we are confident in that process, and feel good about targeting the end of this year to get that out.
John J. Stephens: Yeah, we are going through various levels of testing of everything, but we're not going through a detailed public discussion of that. But as you can imagine, we're going through a variety of levels of testing of that. But this is something we've been working on for a while – feel real good about.
John J. Stephens: Thanks, John. A couple of things. One, if you think about the free cash flow and you think about the $15.9 billion that we started with last year, and you add in the kind of the $2.5 billion dollar opportunity with DIRECTV. You add in the – with the remainder of the $3 billion opportunity from Agile. And then you add in maybe a 1%, I'll say is an illustrative, reduction in capital intensity and some costs – some cash operating expense savings – you can see that those three items there can get you well over $5 billion. In addition, we expect to grow our EBITDA and grow our profitability of the business. And so, when you put those things together, it looks to be an achievable, real, realistic path from last year's $15.9 billion to a $20 billion number as a goal in the near future. And so, that's what we are looking at. That's how we build it up. We're not giving a prediction date on that, but we feel good about the opportunities to significantly grow free cash flow. With regard to our CapEx, just want to be very straightforward in the sense that we are at $10.3 billion, and on an annualized basis, that would come below the $22 billion. We will continue, as I've said before, to invest as appropriate, not towards a targeted $22 billion number, but rather towards a, what business cases make sense, and when it makes sense for us to be in the market investing. Sometimes that causes quarters to be much heavier in CapEx, like we had in the fourth quarter last year. And other times, like in the first six months this year, we spend at a lower rate. We're just being very careful with every dollar. But right now, the performance we've had for the first six months is a trend to – on the low end of our guidance.
John J. Stephens: Thanks, Mike. First of all, on the postpaid handset side – or on the handset side – we do think the 2G losses, as we go through the year, we'll see those. But getting past this year, you'll see the opportunity to have a more positive impact because we're through that process. Secondly, our feature phones, which include some 2G devices, but our feature phones are going down and as they go down and that, if you will, legacy product, so to speak, impact on our results is lessened, certainly we have a brighter opportunity – a better opportunity to grow out of those customer base. And then third, on the bundling, as we really get into the second half of the year and are able to do single-truck install, which may be bundling of video and satellite and broadband, but also, that whole activity of bundling, the more time our teams get to do it, the better we'll get at it. And so from that perspective, we do think that'll provide us an opportunity to grow more wireless. So all three of those things will help, and yes, we're optimistic about it. But I will tell you also, it's really about the branded net adds and the economic net adds. It's not about any one category of net adds. It's getting those customers that are the most profitable, the highest quality. With regard to the video side, on a seasonality basis, we usually do see less. We see more pressure in the second quarter than the first half from the U-verse side. And from, and quite frankly, so has DTV in the past. So going forward, I would hope that we would see – we'd expect to see – some improvement on both sides. When you think about DIRECTV, things like the NFL Ticket Sunday, and some of the other offers, as we see these trends of bundling improving an attachment rates improving, we feel really good about the opportunity to improve our trends and get to our goal of positive video net adds for the year.
John J. Stephens: Yeah, Amir, I would suggest we're at the early stages when you think about getting the workforce trained in all aspects of being able to cross-sell and do the bundling in the cross – and do single-truck roll installs and so forth – it takes a while. We have that completed; we have that process. But even as they all have been trained and they've all started to do it, it still takes some time – even with the great workforce like we have – to get really proficient at it. And we'd expect to start seeing that, as we've said all along, show some benefits in the second half of this year. But once again, I would suggest to you, the team's done a really good job of doing the bundling between wireless and the video products alone. And getting 5 million of these customers to sign up for this bundled approach with regard to video and wireless, is just the best proof I can offer you that we've already done, they've already accomplished, that this works and that we have a real opportunity to exceed our merger integration synergies because we'll have an opportunity to add revenues to those. Well, most of those synergies were really focused on costs.
John J. Stephens: Well, Amir, once again, let me point you to kind of a complete picture of that. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, the ARPU's right at $70 on a per-customer basis when you take into account the total billings. Those are really impressive levels, very good for us historically from any measurement – our straight ARPU prior to the equipment installment days, or in the most recent years, with the equipment installment. So, on a monthly basis from our customers, we're doing very, very well with the revenue base. Secondly, it is a competitive environment, and it will – and it has been for years – and it will remain that. We believe that we are doing well with that, and we think it's proven out in our margins, in our profitability, and in our cash flows. I will tell you just one side item that we mentioned in the prepared remarks. We had about 500,000 BYOD devices. We had customers walk in with 500,000 phones and said, can we connect them to your network? Those are all net adds. They don't show up in equipment revenue. And depending upon what package they show up, they'll show up in service revenues. But they are really profitable. They're low cost. We love them. That doesn't necessarily show up in your immediate look at the financials, but it is clearly showing up in our profitability and our margins. So, I would ask you to focus on those items as well as our service revenues. Specifically with regard to our service revenues, you've seen our additional piece of our customer base shift to Mobile Share Value. I think we went from about 64% up to 75%. We did have some additional customers shift off of the – shift to the no-subsidy plans – which impacted service revenues. And we continue to do normal promotions through some of the incentives, credits, free services – normal promotion activity. All of those things are impacting service revenues as expected. With regard to recent activities in the marketplace, we'll see how those play out. We're just focused on getting the best quality customers and providing really great service. Some of the changes we've seen give us reason for optimism. Many of the changes we've seen give us reasons to be real careful and watch how the market develops, and be ready to prepare and lead, quite frankly, in a market with the performance that we've got.
John J. Stephens: Okay. Well, the second one first. On the CapEx budget, we've done well, kind of in all aspects of it. A couple of things. One, we've been able to – because of our software-defined network – we're starting to see a little bit of those savings. If you think about our buying capacity and the overall economic conditions, we've been able to get some volume pricing and some purchasing power benefits. Certainly, we're getting more efficient with what we do. I will tell you, though, that one of the things I think people miss out on is that because of the spectrum that we've invested in over the last, say, five years or so, we've got a lot of effective capital deployment that doesn't involve a lot of dollars. It involves deploying spectrum, and that's a really efficient way to deploy capacity. And so, on a per-unit of capacity, our dollars can be really efficient because of the spectrum portfolio that we have that we're putting in use. I think that's a real big benefit. From a customer base perspective, we're very pleased with the subscriber base we have, whether it's the business subscriber base that we have, what we saw in the small business side and the growth there, whether we see it in the enterprise side. When you look at the consumer side, the prepaid business is growing well, and quite frankly, the margin improvement from Cricket is helping drive the margin improvement in the overall business of wireless. So, that's great. And then of course, some of the premier customers in the video space are using our U-verse and our DTV services. So, we feel great about our customer base. With regard to that, we're willing to invest dollars to retain and attract additional quality customers, whether here in the United States or in Mexico and Latin America. We'll be focused on that but we'll be careful with it. I would suggest to you the characteristics – the titles we give those prepaid, postpaid, over the top versus monthly subscription – are less important as the economics of the profitability of those offers. And that's what we'll be focused on.
John J. Stephens: Well, I'll say it this way. When your margins expand as much as ours have – about 130 basis points in both EBITDA service and, for example, in wireless, or in total margins – you have more room and more customers fall within that profitability level that are appropriate.
John J. Stephens: Yeah. That's really what's going on. The team's done such a great job expanding margins, they've created more room to be competitive. It's the team's credit.
John J. Stephens: There's two things that – I mean, the first thing I'd tell you, Brett – is that the ability to build the fiber to the home is a larger footprint than just the 60 million. So we can take the economics of going into some appropriate customer basis, whether it's an opportunity for real – better economics, better profitability. So, we have that kind of business-case process to it. Secondly, I would tell you that with regard to the FCC agreement, there's particulars within the agreement that allow us to build – count so many greenfield builds, count so many more upgrades in the existing IP broadband footprint – to utilize in some cases multiple dwelling units, and then in many cases require some level, or a significant level I should say, of new builds. So, we have to coordinate all of that, take all of that into consideration. When you're done with that, you may still have some profitable builds that are at or above the 12.5 million commitment and you may go ahead and build those. We'll see where that goes over time and we'll see where that leads us. But the ability or the schedule to build is an economics activity, a business-case activity with, of course, the opportunity to over-build in some areas being probably more timely and less expensive. But that might be capped by some of the regulatory agreements that we have in place, and we're going to certainly be respectful of those. But overall, it's kind of a normal business-case process and where we can serve our customers the best and get the best returns for them and us.
John J. Stephens: We've already done it. We've already done that in many cities. So, I don't want to suggest to you that we haven't.
John J. Stephens: Just customer characteristics, competitive situation, access to other facilities we might have, a whole collection of considerations, whether it's a technology corridor like Raleigh-Durham or other such considerations. But that's a normal business-case process for us.
John J. Stephens: Yeah. So set-top boxes, we have commented on that – the industry's commented – and there's been significant support, I think, from Congress on that. So, I think that we would expect, we would hope – we've seen the people coalesce and we'll see some changes into what the initial FCC guidance was on that. On the special access piece, we think there's competition across the marketplace today. We see it and we would think that any kind of additional regulation of products that are already competitive will stifle investment and won't be good for consumers or businesses or the overall economy; so we think that's, if you will, headed in the wrong direction. We'll continue to present our case on that. On Title II, we always expected the final resolution to be in the hands of the Supreme Court and we'll work through the process and follow the Supreme Court process closely, and then make our decisions going from then on. I would suggest to you those are really, kind of my comments on all of those matters. With regard to assignment of the home media gateway, I'd suggest to you this aspect, that we continue – and I'm not going to be able to give you a detailed answer, I'm not going to try to, on a home media gateway. But what I will tell you is that we continue to believe that as we go through the process we can get cost synergies in DTV by standardizing the interfaces, whether they get the video over the satellite, whether they get it over the broadband or whether they get it over the IP television. And we continue to work on those activities, to standardize the graphic use interface, the set-top boxes and what you, what many would consider a gateway or a home gateway, for media. Those activities continue to be on and we'll continue to work for that. It's a natural efficiency and it's also a really good quality service for the customers.
John J. Stephens: Yes. I would not suggest it's a near term item. I'd have to be honest. And I will go back with my team and follow-up on that, but right now I would suggest it's a medium-term.
John J. Stephens: Yeah. So Tim, certainly we are seeing buckets get bigger for our customers. We are seeing their demand so we're optimistic about that opportunity. We're careful about it because of the competitive environment and responding to, or at least understanding how competitors may respond to what we've done. So certainly, the data growth, as we spelled out in our slides, the data growth continues, and for us, as an integrated carrier with the backhaul and the fiber and the extensive number of towers and spectrum, we feel really good about our competitive position. The question of how quickly we can get our data growth, or at what percentage that will be, will be a function of both the efficiencies we're putting into our data delivery as well as customer demand and competitor pricing. But, yes, there is absolutely a lot of growth in demand and usage, and we hope to capture that in additional revenues as we go forward.
John J. Stephens: We're on track to get to the $1.5 billion – we say $1.5 billion-plus – run rate by December this year. So I don't want to suggest to you that that's the number for the year. It's the run rate at that level. We'll get to it in December, and so we feel really good about where we're going for next year and the year after. And getting to the $2.5 billion run rate in 2018 is our guidance, so that's that piece of it. We are on track to get about half of those Project Agile savings today. That is correct, and we said that in the prepared – that'll be in the script. That's in the prepared remarks.
John J. Stephens: With that, I want to thank everybody for being on the call today, and let me just give you a few closing comments before we go. It's been one year after our acquisition of DIRECTV and we are very pleased with where we stand. The integration of DIRECTV is on track. Cost synergies are ahead of target, and we've added nearly one million satellite customer since the merger. And our new streaming services are scheduled to come online later this year. We believe our unique assets, our leading cost structure and our ability to offer integrated solutions positions us like no one else. We think this is just the beginning. We are positioned as a unique competitor and the first scaled communications and video provider to offer fully integrated nationwide products, and we fully expect to increase our momentum as we go forward. As always, on your way home tonight, remember: When it comes to texting and driving, it can wait. Thanks again for being on the call, and as always, thank you for your interest in AT&T and have a good evening. Good night.
