Richard Lindner: Sure John. We had not changed our overall guidance for wireless margins although the accounting changed that we talked about will drive an increase in those margins as we report the wireless segment by somewhere around 160 to 180 basis points or so. And so our outlook for the business hasn’t changed, that 160 to 180 basis points will ride on top of that. But as we look at it, you know, our expectation is for this year still to be in the lower and characterize it as the lower 40% range. In other words it’ll be higher with the accounting change but probably still in the same general vicinity that we guided toward, and the same thing going forward. We see improvement beyond 2010, certainly up into the mid 40s and again will be more toward the upper end of that range with the accounting change we talked about. Going forward, you know first quarter, the last couple of years at least has been a little higher in wireless margins just because you tend to have following the holiday season you tend to have a little bit lower level of gross adds and upgrades in the postpaid space. And as we go forward in the rest of this year we will have some new product launches that we’re very excited about. We’ll have some product refreshes that we’re excited about. And those will most likely drive some higher upgrades and hopefully drive some higher gross add activity as well, so that may impact margins a bit. But we’re still in margins, both in wireless and wireline, we’re still executing as we talked about a lot of plans as we integrate our operations under the One AT&T initiatives, and so we’ll see benefits from that in both of our segments as we go forward in the year. And you saw some of that in the first quarter as we mentioned, force both announced reductions that we had made as well as just normal attrition came down about 6,000.
Richard Lindner: Good morning Jason. Good questions. I think first of all on the balance sheet side, you know our view hasn’t changed at all. We are making good progress in bringing leverage back down into our targeted levels and we’re getting close. However, we’re also hopeful that we’re getting close to approval for the acquisition of the former Alltel properties from Verizon. That’s been pending for some time, regulatory approval. So that will push the metrics back up a little bit. But all that being said, the plan is still the same. We want to drive the credit metrics back within our target ranges and then we’ll take a look at where we are and the opportunities and determine what we want to do from a buyback perspective. So nothing really changed there. In terms of wireless, you know what you’re seeing I think in this quarter, and its consistent with to a degree I think what people were expecting as we go into this year, is some shifting in the wireless business in terms of where revenue growth is coming from. And certainly our expectations for this year is that postpaid customer growth, postpaid net adds, will come down from prior levels but we’re seeing a continued shift then and revenue growth being driven by wireless data revenues, by penetration of integrated devices, and we’re seeing just kind of the tip of the iceberg I think with the opportunity on connected devices. And so as a result, what you see in this quarter is even with postpaid net adds being down, we’re delivering a wireless service revenue growth that’s above 10% for all of the reasons that I mentioned. On top of it, in the prepaid part of the business we have over the last year been making some changes and tweaks to our prepaid offerings. We’ve also made some changes and tweaks to offerings within our reseller category that are primarily prepaid in nature. And as a result, what you saw this quarter is continued growth in the reseller category, but also small but positive growth in prepaid. And when you look at the prepaid trend over the past several quarters, churn has come down dramatically and the net add trend there has improved. So we’ll continue to tweak those offers in the marketplace and continue to work to drive some growth in those categories. A couple of things that we won’t do is we won’t chase growth that we feel is not profitable and we won’t do things that could bring a significant impact or a negative impact to our postpaid business. And that’s still to a large degree where our focus is. And there’s still a lot of opportunity there. You know we’ve reached a point where about 50% penetrated with integrated devices in the postpaid base, but when you step back and you look at the sales for the quarter and by sales I mean looking at what customers are buying both in gross adds and in upgrades, we’re at or above 75% in terms of the sales activity there in integrated devices. So still a lot of opportunity there.
Richard Lindner: Sure Simon. Good morning. First of all, in broadband in total we had a nice rebound this quarter and that reflects certainly continued growth in the U-verse platform and it reflects some first quarter seasonality that if you look at the last several years that you see. But what it also reflects is the fact that across our broadband product set, churn rates are down. And we did have better performance in DSL and I think to a large degree that reflects the fact that we’re offering a very good set of options for customers these days across our footprint. So customers, no matter where they are, they have the option with broadband to bundle a video product, either U-verse or Direct TV. They’ve got the option to bundle a voice product. And we on top of that give them the opportunity to bundle with broadband, either wired or wireless voice or both. We’re seeing good traction in voiceover IP in our U-verse footprint. And we’re also increasing speeds in broadband, so this quarter for example we implemented across our U-verse footprint a 24 megabit download speed in our broadband product. And outside of the U-verse footprint, in many areas we are offering DSL speeds that are at the 6 and 10 megabit levels. And so when you put all of those together, I think we’ve just got a good overall product set that appeals to a broad range of consumer customers out there. Beyond that I would tell you there wasn’t anything specific in terms of what we did in broadband this quarter.
Richard Lindner: Oh, on ARPU and profitability we are seeing increases in broadband ARPU in consumer, particularly. And that simply reflects the fact that customers are continuing to migrate up in speed. So we’re currently at about 59% I believe of our consumer base that are buying 3 megabit speeds and above from us. And we expect that to continue. We expect as applications and customer demand and needs continues to increase that we’ll see customers migrating up in speeds, and so there’s ARPU opportunity there. And as you would expect, particularly in that kind of product as you drive higher speed higher ARPU, you’re also improving profitability. On the U-verse side of things, you know one of the things I’ve started looking at in the last quarter or two is when you look at our U-verse customers in total and the products that they’re buying, and when you step back and you look at the recurring margins in those customers, the recurring revenues and expenses, we’re driving profitability levels at an EBITDA basis that really is equal to or better than our overall wireline margin levels. And obviously what creates in U-verse some dilution to margin and earnings then is the acquisition and the installation costs associated with those customers. But you know the plan going forward is we’re not going to slow down with U-verse. We’re going to continue to try to drive good growth in the U-verse platform in video but also in broadband and voiceover IP, and we’ll continue to do that throughout this year. But over time as those installation costs just naturally become a smaller piece of the overall U-verse revenue stream, we’ll start to see then the lift in improvement and profitability there. But I have been encouraged by the fact that when I look at those recurring revenues and margins, that they’re at a reasonable level today and when you look at the trend they’ve been growing pretty nicely over the last few quarters.
Richard Lindner: Chris, good questions. Let me address the dividend question first. As you know we contemplate dividend increases as we get toward the end of the year. And so as part of that we certainly look at projections for the business in terms of cash flows supporting that dividend and we consider changes in the environment like tax law changes. But frankly, we’ll wait until we get closer to that timeframe and kind of see how everything in the environment shakes out before we make any determinations there. Putting any tax issues aside, though, what I would tell you is that we do believe that a strong and a growing dividend is a key element of how we provide returns to shareowners. So in terms of use of cash that has traditionally been a much higher priority for us and share repurchase has been a tool and a vehicle we’ve used in cases where we’ve gone through periods where we have excess cash and we’re at, you know, comfortable levels in terms of our balance sheet leverage. And so it was a way to adjust and modify our capital structure. But having said that, as we get through the rest of this year and as we see how environment changes and how it might impact our shareowner base, we’ll consider all of those options. Wireline margins, you know, is a balancing act right now in all honesty, because we have products that are legacy products like wireline voice that are declining, but they’re very mature products with not a lot of burden from installation or acquisition costs, so they have high margins. And the products that are the future of the business are growth products generally in the area of IP base service and managed services. There are more acquisition costs certainly associated with some of them like U-verse, but over time as those products scale they will grow in margin. So we’re going through this transition and to balance it through this transition, that’s why we’ve been very proactive and very aggressive on the cost side of our business, and very proactive in trying to consolidate our operations that underlie and support both wireless and wireline, this set of One AT&T initiatives that we talk about. We’ve been very proactive in taking costs out of the business there and very proactive in taking costs out of the business in areas where we’re supporting services that are declining. And we’ll continue to do that. I do believe we’ve got an opportunity to keep margins by a combination of all of those things, keep margins in wireline at a fairly stable level as we go forward in the following quarters in the wireline business and longer term, and I do think of this as longer term, I think if we get some lift in revenues and lift from the economy there is some upside to that. And I’m sorry, I forgot the last question.
Richard Lindner: Oh, the 3G footprint is, you know we’re continuing to expand that footprint and you know we’ll have 3G coverage in virtually all areas that we serve at the same time as we’re moving into expanding the 3G capability through HSPA 7.2. And then beginning to trial and plan and move towards LTE. It’ll follow the normal network progression we’ve had with upgrades to the data network. I don’t have a specific pop number for you at this point.
Richard Lindner: Sure David. Well first of all on the CapEx front, overall capital expenditures as you said were about flat with first quarter last year. We were up in wireless, down a bit in wireline and the reductions there had more to do with kind of demand level for services, services like high capacity circuits and so forth. We also had in the first quarter I would tell you a couple of areas where we had some supply chain and vendor issues that impacted some network components, not huge numbers but impacted the total numbers a little bit. And first quarter is always a little lower for us because of, you know, certainly a large portion of our cap spend, our portfolio capital projects, new portfolio capital projects which get approved and get into the pipeline kind of late in the prior year always take a bit of time to ramp up. So you’ve got all of those factors. At this point our outlook for the year in terms of CapEx is the same as we gave you in January, a kind of $18 to $19 billion range, a little rebalance in the portfolio with a couple of billion dollars more spend supporting the wireless business offset by some reductions in spend in wireline. No change there. On the regulatory front, I think we continue to have good I think positive productive dialog with regulators. They obviously have laid out some objectives and plans that they will move forward on and it will create a number of different notices and proposed rule makings and activities on the regulatory front. We’ll continue to work with them on all of those. At the end of the day, I do believe at the end of the day they understand and agree that in order to achieve their objectives it’s going to require an environment that supports capital investment and the ability for carrier to earn a return on that investment. So I think in that respect we’re hopeful. You know on the wireline margin front, I wouldn’t get too concerned overall I guess with quarter-to-quarter changes in wireline margins, even in the range and magnitude you spoke of because there is always some quarter-to-quarter seasonality, and frankly as large as that business is, you know, there are just some issues and adjustments that occur from quarter-to-quarter that can impact those comparisons. But as I said earlier I think overall in the levels that we operated in around the first quarter, I think we will be able to maintain wireline margins throughout the year at a fairly stable way kind of in those ranges. And then longer term, again we’ll work to increase profitability in the growth services which will then further solidify and hopefully give us some upside with some revenue growth on margins and wireline.
Richard Lindner: Sure Jonathan. Yes. First of all on wireless margins I hope I didn’t confuse everybody with the comments made earlier. Very simply our outlook hasn’t changed. So whatever you have modeled for wireless margins, with this accounting change it’s going to be 160, 170, 180 basis points higher than that. And it’s just a mechanical change. What I was trying to say is that moves the margin levels up probably still at least in the ranges that I would define as towards the lower 40s in 2010 and the mid 40s beyond that, although 160 to 180 basis points higher than what you had before. On earnings per share I think our guidance has been to stable to improving earnings per share in 2010. Not changing that guidance clearly the first quarter and being up excluding the tax charge, being up 11% gives us confidence that you know we’re going to be able to provide some growth in earnings per share. And at the end of the day, put the guidance aside, that’s our objective. We want to grow the business. We want to grow top line revenues again. We had some top line revenue growth this quarter. That’s something that we shouldn’t just put aside. We want to continue that trend and to do that we need strong wireless growth, we need continuing improvement in both our consumer and business wireline categories. And then we want to grow obviously earnings per share with that and with some margin expansion and hopefully grow it at faster rates than revenues. So that’s what we’re setting out to do and we’re off to a good start in this year. On tier data pricing or pricing of any product, I won’t get into you know thoughts and strategies about making potential changes in the future on pricing for any products, but I think your question is a good one. And its one not just for AT&T but its one for the industry overall, because we’re dealing with a few factors that you have to step back and just think about. One, in wireless you’re dealing with some real limitations both from a technology standpoint and more importantly from a spectrum standpoint on capacity. And secondly, you’re dealing with an overall trend of devices and applications and services moving to a wireless environment. So that’s creating a tremendous amount of demand, particularly in wireless data. And the third factor in the environment is you’re dealing with a situation where when you look at your customer base, even customers that are using similar devices, there’s huge disparity in the amount of data that they use and the amount of capacity they consume. And so when you look at all of those things as an industry I think it will influence how in the future the pricing models develop. And as an industry what the industry has to do is develop models that are understandable by customers, that customers you know can understand and live with, and at the same time is fair to customers in terms of the amount of a somewhat limited resource that they’re consuming. And so that’s kind of the whole thing on data pricing and it will I suspect evolve as we go forward in the industry and it’ll evolve as applications and devices continue to evolve and data traffic continues to grow.
Richard Lindner: Before we close, folks, I’d like to add just a couple of quick closing comments. In January we outlined a plan for you and I believe what you’ve seen in our results today is that we delivered what we said we would and hopefully what you see is that we delivered a little more than we said we would in this first quarter. We had a terrific start to the year. Wireless growth was excellent. Best ever churn, best ever postpaid ARPU, best ever first quarter net adds, strong data growth, and I think even more importantly we have a terrific technology path going forward to continue to deliver wireless growth. And we’re already seeing solid improvements in data download speeds and we’ve got a lot more to come there. At the same time, U-verse and our U-verse platform continues to scale and its improved and its changing the revenue trajectory of our wireline consumer business. We have what we believe are the industry’s premier business capabilities and which we also continue to expand. And we’re seeing early encouraging signs in the business markets. In total, as I said something not to be overlooked, our consolidated revenues were up. Our cost initiatives are on track and as a result margins expanded and cash flow continues to be strong. So it was a strong start to the year and our fundamental outlook on the business is positive. And now our job, very simply, is to continue to execute with the same kind of intensity and focus in the quarters ahead. Before I sign off this morning I want to take just a minute to recognize someone. Gerald Ross is a person who has been on our Investor Relations team now for many years and for investors and analysts out there, you may now have met Gerald but I guarantee you you’ve seen his work because he’s the one that has written all of our press releases, our earnings releases. He’s written our earnings release presentations, our investor briefings and our presentations of a financial nature in all of our analysts meetings. He’s a real pro. He’s done a great job for us and the good news is he’s moving up. He’s moving to a new position supporting our Chairman and I just wanted to take a moment to thank Gerald for all of his efforts and his contributions over the years and wish him well. And also I want to thank all of you for being on the call with us this morning. We appreciate you being with us and as always I want to thank you for your interest in AT&T.
