Pascal Desroches: Sure. Thanks, Simon. Look, the thing is I think you have to keep in mind is one of the things that we -- when we did all the dispositions, we wanted -- our plan was to invest significantly this year and next year, both the $24 billion level. And as you see so far, the momentum in our business remains really strong. Those investments are providing attractive returns. And everything we see suggests that these were really good decisions. So yes, we are expecting $24 billion next year. We continue to expect to deploy fiber at the pace we've previously guided. And as it relates to DIRECTV, nothing has changed at all. We expected around $4 billion this year. As you can see from the first couple of quarters, that's more front-end loaded. And as we -- and next year, we expect $3 billion. So nothing has changed in that regard. And we feel really good about how the business is performing.
Pascal Desroches: And Brett, one other point as it relates to the overall credit quality of our customer base. While we did see an uptick in bad debt, overall, if there's nothing at all concerning, it's up slightly from pre-pandemic levels. So our call out here was really just a question investors, given the broader macro trends that are happening. So we're not, in any way, harmed by this.
Pascal Desroches: Days sales outstanding. So in terms of DSOs, here's what we know. This is a trend that is relatively nascent. It is probably 6 weeks or so that we start to see an uptick in days sales outstanding. Is it a trend? Is it going to get worse? We don't know, but here's what we do know. We do know that, as John alluded to, in prior recessions, customers may have paid late but they paid us. So there's nothing to suggest given the mission-critical nature of our services that customers won't pay us because they're going to want to maintain connectivity. So in that regard, we think it is a timing issue. And I think in this macro environment, I'm not going to call whether it's going to get much, much worse than where we are today. But we're taking a prudent view and not assuming it's going to get better, given all the uncertainty.
John Stankey: Everything is tracking as we kind of expected when we laid it out, Simon. As I shared with you, I think when we indicated we were going to do it, what we have is past models from executing these types of things that allow us to go and try to evaluate how customers are going to react and behave when the changes occur. And in this particular case, we had a great opportunity to ensure that, while we are going through a price increase on a segment of plans, we were able to also provide the option for a customer to think about moving to other plants and ultimately get more value, and I think, in many cases, very attractive characteristics associated with that. And we're seeing customers do both. In some cases, they're choosing to pay the increase of their existing plan and not move. But as you would expect, there's a degree of inertia in any subscription base. Sometimes it takes a little bit of time for somebody to process what's occurred and react. And we're also seeing some use as an opportunity to migrate into better plans and trade up and take not only some of that value that we're giving. But as you're seeing, we're starting to drive the improvements in ARPUs that we told you would occur. And certainly, this is a component of that happening. But I would tell you, it is tracking as we expected. It will be accretive as we expected. And I think everything we've given you for end of year forecast is consistent with what is occurring right now in the market in the early days of the change.
John Stankey: Brett, first of all, I'd say that our most recent experience in looking at kind of a challenged cycle is probably coming out of the 2008 recession and the dynamic around it. And as I indicated in my earlier remarks, we've evaluated that. We look at that. And that was a pretty stressed time, if you recall. And I don't know that I can exactly predict what's going to occur over the next year or so. But my guess is it probably won't be quite as shocking as that cycle is, what's occurred in a worst-case scenario. And we go back and we look at patterns and behaviors that have occurred in those cycles and evaluated them. And the other great thing we know that today is we have far better data than we've ever had that's more dynamic in how we do algorithmic scoring and things like that, that allow us to be even more effective in managing customer risk. So I think we feel pretty comfortable that we've got a reasonable record of data that allows us to do some projection on that as we start to see these things move. And as I said, this typically is not an issue of people not paying. It's an issue of when they pay. And I don't believe there's anything in our credit scoring and how we've looked at our customer base coming in that would cause those trends to be dramatically different than a previous period. In terms of how we go to market, I think we had a fantastic quarter. And I don't know that I want to go to market any differently than the quarter that we've put on the board. In fact, looking at many of your commentaries, you've been articulating that others have been much more aggressive in the market and probably leaning in to promotional activity in a heavier way. And I would say, I would characterize our approach as being much more tempered and consistent with the past. And we have not really responded to that increased promotional activity that we're seeing from others in the market right now. We've kind of been continuing to play our game. And we've put up a record quarter or a second quarter for ourselves in the 10-year period. And as I've told you before, we like each of these incremental subscribers we're bringing in. We think the economics of them are very strong, albeit there is investment at the front end to bring them on to the network. But I'm not going to shy away from that kind of growth. I don't know what the overall market is going to do for the next several quarters. I expect it will be, as I said in my comments, a bit more tepid as maybe economic stress comes in. But I've been saying that we expected it to be a little bit slower for the better part of 9 months now. And it hasn't materialized yet. We'll take the growth if it comes in. I expect it's going to slow a little bit. And I'm going to continue to play our game as long as it's working, and it's working right now.
John Stankey: Sure, Michael. First of all, I think the most significant change in the ACP program is the fact that we have put out a new product, Access by AT&T. It's very easy for you to look at that product. All you need to do is search on the Internet, Access by AT&T., and you'll be taken directly to the page that talks about what this is. And it's, of course, tied to ACP dollars. And that program, I think, is a great program. I think it's good for the consumer. As you know, it offers 100 by $20 -- $30 fixed connection. And we also have options that are available in the wireless space around it as well. And we've been able to, in most of our channels, activate eligibility requirements for ACP. And we're working on ensuring that, that's done. The government still continues to move around a little bit on some of the qualification criteria and those types of things, and we have to adjust our operations. But I would say, by and large, in most of our mainline channels, we have the ability to qualify customers and to move them into products and service as a result of it. And I think this is a -- it's a healthy program to get those that maybe are a little bit more income challenged to get them into not only new products but better products. And so I think that's a good thing. I think we still have an issue from a policy perspective in this country on how we sustain this for the long haul. And universal service reform is going to need to be a key element of that as we get out several years from now and the original ACP funding starts to have to be renewed, and we have to look at it differently. But right now, I'd say the program is healthy. I think we're in as good a position as anybody in the market as to what we're doing. And it's needs based, but we make it very easy for those needs-based customers to self-identify and qualify at the point of sale and then take advantage of it and move into a product or service. And we think that will be actually over the long haul, something that makes for more continuity in our relationships with customers as it insulates them a little bit from economic cycles and some of the things that are going on, like higher inflation. On the infrastructure side, look, I'm optimistic. We haven't given any guidance on what we think that number will be. And I will tell you, frankly, timing-wise, this is a little bit out in the future right now. As you know, the maps are not going to be issued from the FCC until a little bit later this year. And until that happens, the money really can't start to flow at the state level. So we got to get the maps in place. We've got the procedural process being defined as to how the states will come back to the federal government and seeking the distribution of these funds. They will have to go through there. The state will have to go through their processes to do that. I expect that, that will start to occur into next year. Awards will probably start to materialize, maybe in some meaningful levels, in the middle part, latter part of next year. And then you have to go and build and ultimately bring these things online.  So you're not looking at these things creating what I would call material impact on the '22, '23 plans right now as it moves through the cycle. How much, we'll get a better idea once the rules are set. And each state is going to have authorship over their strategies and approaches. I've shared before that we're actively working with states trying to shape them in ways that we think are meaningful for our business and our good policy for each of the states. I would point out, there is no company that's building a 2 million connected locations of fiber in 6 months like we are. We are scaling in a way that nobody else is. We are deploying wireless infrastructure at a torrid pace. I think that makes us a good partner. I think at the end of the day, states do care about somebody who's reputable, that can execute, that has a mature supply chain and a scaled engine to go after, should make us very competitive for this money. And we intend to, through a combination of what we're doing with ACP and our operational prowess and our scale that we're demonstrating and the fact that we've got a product in the market that customers love. It's got the highest NPS out there. I think we should be a very qualified partner to work with government on that. And I'm optimistic that we can avail ourselves with some of that money.
John Stankey: Dave, the only other thing I would add to what Pascal said is as you -- we obviously hit our 70 million POP coverage commitment that we made to you that was part of the capital plan for this year 6 months early. And as we told you, we'll be around that 100 million neighborhood as we get to the end of this year. I think it's probably intuitive to you. But just to remind you, the first 100 million POPs in wireless coverage are very different than the next 100 million POPs, just in terms of kind of capital intensity and what has to be done to make them happen on the number of physical sites you have to touch. So if you want to think about this, it would not be right to kind of straight-line level of activity and investment as you make your journey to covering most of the United States. And that will probably help you understand maybe some of the rate and pace of things as we move through the year.
John Stankey: Frank, look, we've been pretty clear on the dividend policy as to what we're doing. And the board ultimately makes this call and this decision. And as I've said before, we set this at what we think is an incredibly attractive return in the market right now. And I think we are still standing there relative to the yield on the stock. As I said, the Board will evaluate dividends, along with other choices in front of us to return to shareholders. As we've indicated, our priority right now is to get the balance sheet where we want it, which is a full rush and push to getting to 2.5x, and then we can evaluate what other options are at that point in time. And those other options will range from whether or not we want to do something on dividend policy or something we want to invest more back into the business or whether we want to push on some buybacks. And those decisions will be weighted at the time when we have those options in front of us and evaluate the market as to where it stands. Our intent is to ensure that we're returning a good and competitive dividend out to our shareholders, which we have today. And we'll continue to be mindful of that as we go forward and we see the stock price adjust in what occurs in the value of the business. On the ABS side, look, I think as you've heard, the repositioning of the asset is -- it's a multi-quarter. This set of processes and approach are backing away from lower-margin products is relatively straightforward. I say relatively because we can make the decision to do it at the front end. Obviously, in this customer base, we have contracts that sometimes extend for multiple years in a period of time, where we then have to kind of go through a wind-down and wrap-up cycle once we stop selling something. And we're in the middle of that occurring. But the process of choosing not to drive new sales at the front end has been a relatively straightforward set of decisions. And I feel like we're executing reasonably well around that piece of it. We have dropped the number of products we have in the market pretty demonstrably over the last 1.5 years. And we'll continue down that path. And I think it's that reduction in complexity that will allow us to then scale up what's essential to have a viable franchise moving forward in a robust and growing franchise moving forward, which is one centered on moving product that is on our owned and operated infrastructure. And what's right about our segment here that I want to stress is we report a little bit differently than some of our peers. We do not report a consolidated business entity in both wireless and wireline services. You should understand, a lot of our strength in the wireless business is coming from our success in our Enterprise business. It's coming from increases in the public sector, in our success of what we've done with FirstNet. It's coming from our success in penetrating deeper into our Enterprise accounts with wireless services. We're really pleased with the share gains that we've seen in Enterprise moving forward, where we believe we have the opportunities in the mid-market. And the low end of the market and the attractive part about that is it's a [2/4]. It's not only getting more transport on the fiber infrastructure we're deploying, but we are underpenetrated in the wireless space as we move into those accounts. So when we deploy fiber and we have an opportunity to talk to mid-market customers about putting more of their transport on AT&T, we also oftentimes get the opportunity to talk to them about moving their wireless account as well. And that's an attractive opportunity for us. It requires us to tune our distribution differently. That's a slower process. And we've been making progress around it. You heard Pascal talk about the growth that we're seeing in our Fiber products. We're seeing some progress in the wireless space in the mid-market, but we're not up to where we need to be yet. We will get there. We play very well in that space. Our brand plays very well in that space. We know how to sell product in that space, but it's getting the engine kind of hitting all at all 8 cylinders. It's going to take us couple more quarters than what we expected, but I'm optimistic we can get there. It's the right asset base. It's the right brand. We know how to approach these customers. And we will make that happen.
John Stankey: Tim, so look, the move, as I just articulated, is we want people on owned and operated infrastructure. And so it is – as people migrate away from VPN – and we have a more dense fiber bases, we’re selling more fundamental underlying transport, frankly, at higher speeds, and therefore, higher connection values in that segment of the market. And that’s where our future is. We work with layering that on an SDN capability that aggregates that, and that is the replacement product for VPN. And we do very well in the market on that, although there is typically, in a network replacement, at the top end of the market, some trade down and total value when that occurs. That’s why this move into the mid-market is so important to us, where we are typically underpenetrated because offsetting that trade down in the enterprise – top end of the enterprise space, where we are a sheer leader on VPN and have these complex networks, as we have some of that trade down and the migration on the technology side, market replacement in the mid-market is what offsets that and allows us to move the sector back to growth over time as we make that happen. And again, it’s why this investment in fiber in our core business is so critical and important in repositioning our distribution to make that happen. The world for us moving forward is a data VPN-replacement world. And that’s where we’re going to make our bread and butter. Our play in voice is to penetrate more deeply into wireless in these spaces.  Generally speaking, when you look at what’s happened on collaboration services, it’s moved to other providers that are doing that kind of work. We want the underlying data infrastructure for those collaboration services to run on. And we want to sell more scaled wireless solutions on top of our transport services into these customers to extend our relationship with them. And I think, as I said just a moment to Frank’s question, we’re doing that fairly effectively. And that’s what the future is and how we move forward on it. On the cost side, we’re certainly seeing some pressures as we move through. We’ve articulated that. We’re able to navigate it better than a lot, as we’ve shared with you previously. We have a lot of long-term contracts in place. I think those help us a lot. I won’t tell you they entirely insulate us. We want our suppliers to be healthy. We pay attention to that. We have good, long-standing partnerships with our suppliers. And I will be candid. We have sat down with them. In some cases, even though not had to pay people more, I’ve elected to pay people more because I think that makes for a healthier win-win relationship on things moving forward. And we are having to take some costs into our build and what we’re doing. However, these are long-lived assets. And some increase in our build costs, for example, on putting fiber out there is not the end of the world for us. We’ve shared with you a lot of data on the effectiveness of our build. We’ve shared with you that when we did the original business case on these things, we’re penetrating a lot more rapidly than we thought we would. That has a big impact on the overall return characteristics of this investment. That can overcome maybe some of those per-living unit cost increases. We really like the ARPU trends we’re seeing. We really like the churn trends we’re seeing. All those things still make us a really smart and important investment for our business. And I think it’s a balancing act as we move through it. And as we’ve said before, when you get the asset in the ground and ultimately work through multiple quarters of inflation, building it today is better than building it a year from today. And if it’s a long-lived asset and it’s an important product, ultimately, we’ll probably see some accretion move into ARPUs over time. So I feel like we can manage through this reasonably well, given our scale, given our long-term relationships with folks and the importance and durability of the product over time.
John Stankey: So folks, I really appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. And I know you got, from maybe hopefully the last time, a little extra work to do this quarter as we work through the disaggregation of discontinued operations and the like in results. And I’m excited about finishing this in this quarter and now moving forward in a more consistent fashion. We made some hard moves that brought us to this moment that all acknowledge. But those hard moves were to, number one, give us the ability and the flexibility to invest heavily in this business; and to make sure that we could respond to what goes on in the environment economically, whether economic stress, rising interest rates, et cetera. And I would say I’m really pleased, we’re in this position for having made those decisions. And it’s allowed us to do exactly what we intended to do, which is to think about how do we create a durable AT&T with a consistent machine that can deliver the right kind of subscription services for broadband moving forward. And I think we are doing that. We’re building a world-class infrastructure, where we’re doing that. You’re seeing the momentum in the market that we’re able to achieve. I view these customer relationships as durable customer relationships that are highly accretive and attractive.  And I will tell you that as I work with the team, 90 days in this business with the way we operate and the infrastructure we build is sometimes a bit like trying to land a plane on the top of a pin. And so when I think about the reality of what we’re doing here, we want to look at it over the course of the year. And as the business has the right kind of momentum, and I’ve got people doing their work, we continue to invest. We make sure we put the right things out there. And a 90-day cycle is not the end of the world in any way, shape or form. Hopefully, we’ve given you the confidence that we understand what’s going to occur in the balance of this year and that we’re investing in a way that’s going to return for shareholders in a fashion that, I think, we’ll all be proud of moving forward. So thank you very much. I hope you all enjoy the rest of your summer. And we’ll talk with you in 90 days.
