John Stankey: Hi, Brett. Good morning. Look, I would tell you, I feel really comfortable with where things are. I like to kind of tick through your questions. Given the second quarter issue we had with one account, I don't have another one of those sitting in front of us that I wherever concerned about. I would say more broadly, the market demonstrates a bit more resiliency than probably what I would have expected in the fourth quarter of, say, last year. We're certainly not seeing the kind of frothiness that was around in 2020 and 2021. But volumes and activity in the market is good. We do our own adjustments for some of the reported numbers. I don't know that every net add in the market is equivalent to the other, so we kind of look at the ones that are economic valuable. But even when we make those adjustments, I think demand has been pretty solid in the market. To your point, there were a lot of structural changes in people's offers. In the second quarter they came roughly at about the same time. When new messaging gets put into the market, we saw what we typically saw, which is a little bit of a freezing that occurs as consumers process what new offers are out there. And of course, like you, we sat and watched and wanted to know what the ultimate reaction was going to be. And I would tell you, we've kind of moved through that freezing period and I see a situation where we exited the quarter in a very, very good place. A place that's consistent with what we would have expected given the value propositions and offers we've had in the markets over the past of years. So I feel fine about where things are going. I think that consumer continues to show signs that they're pretty healthy right now. I don't see anything that gives me near term concern about demand. I don't know what happens down the road. It's anybody's guess what the economy does. I've had a fairly conservative bent on that. I think it served us well. I'll keep that conservative bent as we manage the business going through the balance of the year, but the market is certainly supporting, I think, healthy growth and the industry is, I think, even better news, responding well to that growth. I see players investing and I see them making moves to make sure that they can recover returns on those investments. And that's good for all of us. I think it's good for the industry overall and it's good for consumers and the services that they're getting.
John Stankey: So John, good morning. I don't see a need for us to -- if it wasn't clear from my last comment. There was a little bit of shift that occurred in the second quarter. Part of it was new account, part of it was new offers in the market. We've seen a normalization. And we think what we have out in the market is performing very well. And I go back to comments I've made repetitively in previous quarters. We've been very focused segment wise around where we're choosing to get our activity. And I don't know that broad promotions is necessarily been the primary or by any means, the exclusive means of us getting customers. We've been really deliberate. You look at some of our business results, we just shared with you some of our FirstNet growth. We know the channel is in the consumer market that we can go to to intercept the right kind of traffic. And we've seen really good results as we've kind of gotten into the early part of the second quarter relative to that. So I feel like the market is healthy, I feel like our tactics continue to be durable and they're performing well. We have been very focused on insuring that we're getting the right kind of growth. I don't want empty calorie growth. We want customers to come in and pay good recurring rates that are going to stay with us a long period of time. We have opportunities where we can co-market multiple products into a customer, which makes them even stickier and drives up lifetime values. Those are all very right places for us to go spend time and energy, and we feel very comfortable about that. So I don't feel a need, when you say a need to respond, you're not going to see some dramatic shift in our approach or what we're messaging or how we're going about things. On the pricing side, I think as you know, I've been very deliberate. We don't pre announce any pricing and we don't really talk publicly about changes. But there have been, as I said earlier, I think a lot of efforts in the industry by everybody to ensure that they're getting returns on the level of investments that they're making back into their networks and their business. And you're well aware of what we've done in the past. And we've been really successful and really deliberate and really calculated in how we've done that. That's how we've managed to keep our churn at the levels that we have, while at the same time continuing to get some ARPU accretion in our business. I think you should expect that we're capable in managing the large subscriber base that we have and we look for opportunities to alter that value equation back to the customer where they perceive that they're getting a better value and better service and something more and it accretes into the business in terms of us being able to grow ARPUs. And we certainly have [indiscernible] we'll do that. We do that as a normal course. Sometimes those moves are a little bit more obvious to you. Sometimes they're a little less. But we'll continue to manage the business effectively moving forward and feel really comfortable about our growth characterizations that we've given you in our guidance and what we're going to see in accretion and service revenues. And as you can see, our profitability numbers has been really, really strong. And that all comes from managing the complete equation. I think we're doing a pretty good job of that.
John Stankey: On Internet Air, Simon, look, it's performing well. It's got, as you know, in our view, certain segments that are most attractive to that. I like the product of the business segment, and we're certainly having some success with that. It's going to be key for us in certain parts of our consumer segment as we move through the next phase of our cost reduction efforts, it is a means for us to begin finding a good catch to shut down other infrastructure and still serve customers. So, we will use it surgically and selectively that will help us both on the cost side as well as retaining valuable customers where we think we can have the right kind of network capacity that will support the product going forward. We still have a little bit of scaling to do. I'm not quite satisfied with the self-install rates yet on it, but that's not problematic stuff that's typical when we're kind of scaling the product and putting it out there in the first line. We'll work through those things as we always do. So the foundation is there to use it the right way. I'm excited about having that tool. It's certainly going to help us in managing some of our installed base and in particular, help us kind of make the transition out of some of our legacy infrastructure that we'll need over time.
John Stankey: We'll give you guidance on 2024 as we typically do later part of this year, and we'll detail all that out. But as you can see, from all the progress we've made and what's going on right now, we're really satisfied that we've got the right kind of machine to build the way we want to build and the network is performing in a great way and all of our indicators back from our customers, they're very satisfied with the level of experience they have. So everything, I think, feels pretty good about that right now.
John Stankey: And look, I don't think I'd characterize second quarter's seasonality per se. I think I've been pretty clear, Phil, on, one, we had a significant account migration issue to both of our significant competitors rejiggered their offers in the market, which drove some shift in share. And I expect we'll probably see more normalized things now. As you know, there's device introductions that occur in the latter part of the year that certainly drives the seasonality of the upgrade cycle. And typically in 3Q, there's always that question of exactly what month that happens in. Does it happen in the end of 3Q or does it get pushed into 4Q? And we'll all probably find out about the same time on that as to what happens in this year's cycle that sometimes can move some numbers in 3Q and 4Q, but those are usually directly tailorable to the offer that's in the market. And on a year-over-year basis that could impact things that there's a difference of what happens in 2023 versus 2024 as well as how different the devices are that are offered if that spikes a little bit of activity.
John Stankey: Yes. So yes, there is that seasonal movement in fiber and broadband and I apologize for misunderstanding your question. There is probably two things driving it. One is, you probably heard from others in the industry, there is less move activity going on in general. And that has had a degree of impact. There is the seasonal dynamic that occurs in some of the out for college and university work as well. I expect that things are probably going to continue to be a bit softer in the market, because I don't expect that we're going to see housing movement necessarily recover. I don't -- I think it's an artifact of mortgage rates and people's ability to make those discretionary moves. But look, I feel really comfortable about our ability to continue to add along the clip that we're adding right now, because we're more dependent on share take than we are on mover activity. And that's a little bit different for us than maybe others in the market that don't necessarily have the share take opportunity that we have. So I don't think you're going to see further slowing on what we've kind of witnessed in the second quarter. And I think you will see a little bit of a seasonality uptick that's going to come with what typically happens in third quarter, but it will be a bit muted, because I expect that there's going to be a little bit less movement activity in the housing market.
John Stankey: No. I mean, as I previously described it as -- and I gave a characterization earlier is that, look, there will be some parts of the United States that are best served by fixed wireless, at least, I believe that they will be best served by fixed wireless. As I move around different states, I think there are some states who believe that's the case. And there are some states that are looking at how do you get as many people on the Internet as quickly as possible at the highest economic return. And those states that have that point of view, I think, we will probably support fixed wireless awards. Now, I will tell you, not all 50 states necessarily have that viewpoint. In some cases, I think there are policymakers in certain states who are maybe biased more terrestrial infrastructure. And I don't know how that plays out. My guess is, they run out of money before they serve everybody based on the amount of money that's available in subsidy and what's out there, but time will tell whether they stick to their guns on that or maybe slightly revised their approach as they start to see bids coming in. But I do expect there'll be places where economically fixed wireless is the optimum solution to get good solid Internet out as quickly as possible that will sustain things for a period of time. And I expect there'll be parts of our footprint. World be a very good catch product for us, where we don't maybe see either subsidy coming in or the business case to invest in fiber for those customers for the next couple of decades. And then thirdly, as I've said before, there are segments in the business market today that have very different use characteristics than a consumer household that tends to be pretty bandwidth-intensive, doing a lot of entertainment streaming, growing consumption at 30% and 40% a year. You don't see those kind of dynamics showing up in some of the small business and lower end of the midsize market and fixed wireless is a solution for those customers that can use that kind of service, especially when they need to marry it with mobile services to complement their business is a very attractive place for us to be thinking about using the product and the infrastructure, and I like the yields on that.
John Stankey: So Dave, thanks for asking the question that I guess, needed to be asked. I'm limited in how much I can say. I'll try to be somewhat responsive to share. But if you are unsatisfied with a little bit of the background I give here, I apologize, but you also have to understand we're in a unique position that we do have actual litigation pending right now on some of this out in Lake Tahoe, and that maybe puts us in a little bit different place. So I need to be somewhat sensitive around that. So, let me start at the back end, and then I'll try to tick through. I don't think it changes my point of view of how I think about the dividend. I don't -- that hasn't come into characterization right now. When I go through your questions, we've had relationships with federal state regulators on all safety issues for a very long time. Lead being one of them, we work with our workplace regulators, we work with external environmental regulators. And as you know, we are a big company and we do an awful lot. We work with a variety of different substances and materials that are regulated, and we have infrastructure inside of our business of health and safety organizations that do this stuff professionally, and it's been part of the DNA of our business. We have those relationships, we communicate, we share data. I think as you know, we provide health plans to an awful lot of employees, and we pay attention to whether or not our employees are doing well on a variety of things, and we care about whether or not they're healthy or if we're spending money, fixing things, why are things broken in people's health. That's been a virtuous cycle or something that we spend a lot of time and energy on, it’s just part of the DNA of our business. And I think to answer your question, and those normal cycles and those interactions as anybody come in and said, "Hey, we've got issues around what you're doing with lead cables or you're not handling this correctly”. The answer is no. Have we -- as part of that rigorous enforcement that goes on, have we had circumstances where compliance with a particular thing maybe has popped up, and we've had to go in and demonstrate compliance or do things, of course. That's what regulators do, and that's what workplace safety people do. And I think we're proud of our track record and what we've been able to do. And I think the constructive relationship that we have with our labor union around workplace safety and the fact that we're constructively working through this issue with them right now is indicative of something that's been in place and has just been kind of the DNA of what we do. We haven’t disclosed anything out publicly about claims, because there hasn't been anything material to disclose is what I would tell you. And I don't know that I would go any further than that. And the way we're talking to credit agencies around this issue is exactly how we're talking to you about it. So, I don't think there's anything we've shared with them in context that we haven't given to them, it's any different than what we shared with you right now.
John Stankey: Hi, Peter. We haven't given, what I will call, a characterization of the "shutdown" because I don't think you should necessarily think about the shutdown as like a date certain that arrives, that date will arrive. But we think about it as kind of a rolling process. We think about it as a geography by geography or ZIP code by ZIP code process. And when you think about how our cost structure is aligned to that business as you begin to modernize infrastructure and ultimately not have to support products, services of infrastructure of older legacy generations, then costs start to fall away. We've done an awful lot of work separating out the variable and fixed cost structure in the, what I will call, semi-fixed cost structure to know what we need to do as we roll through geographies to ultimately get at the layers of fixed, semi-fixed and variable. And so, I don't think it's as important about saying what is the date that you're no longer offering the entire totality of products and services as much as what is the progress you're making in working through the areas where those products and services still exist. And as you heard in my opening remarks, we now have catch products showing up in the market that allows us to begin accelerating that work. That work is part and parcel of some of the recommitment of $2 billion over three years that we expect we're going to be able to take out. I do believe that as we simplify given how we allocate costs in the business and our reporting, the company and we start to shutter some of that square mileage, yes, that's going to help contribute to accretion back into the margin structure of the going-forward broadband business in our consumer markets. And I believe the day that we arrive at ultimately exercising all those costs from the business what I know about how our fiber infrastructure is performing on a stand-alone basis right now. It's all goodness. In fact, this week, I was out with our network operations team, and it was just such an uplifting day for somebody who's worked in the company as long as I have to see the cost structure that's been put in place, the customer satisfaction that's occurring, the efficiency of the technician ranks, the durability of what's going into service. I mean it's all good. And as a result of that, when you step back from this day, should we be able to operate this business once we ultimately move our way out of some of the embedded cost structure in a perfectly competitive characterization of the rest of the industry. The answer is yes, I have confidence we can get to that.
John Stankey: I'm sorry, Frank, could you rephrase the second part of that question again, so I just kind of -- you clipped a bit.
John Stankey: On the ARPU side, Frank, we've historically been a bit under the industry. Part of it is the maturity of our base of customers. We have, what I would call, tenure-wise a little bit less established base than maybe the incumbent players. And so, if you're a customer for a longer period of time and you move up a continuum that obviously helps the ARPU. But some of it is deliberate. We're, I think, priced in the market in a way, as you are probably aware, we're trying to do everyday simple pricing where we don't use promotions, and we tend to get a little bit more at the front end as a result of that and maybe a little bit less at the back end on the average side and the fact that when you're penetrating having a competitive price point is, I think, helpful in getting that faster penetration at the front end quicker, which is a driver of return in the overall investment. And then finally, we're doing a lot of work where we're trying consolidated products and services and doubling up households on both wireless and fixed broadband and those are really attractive households to get. They're really attractive customers to get. And I think when we have a good high-quality product, we don't have to discount a lot, but we want an offer between both the wireless and the broadband product to make sure we're at a price point that we think holds that household. And that strategy has been working. And I think it plays into some of our pricing strategy as a result of that, but you're really highlighting a point that is why we have so much confidence in this business. We continue to have an umbrella to work under and that's a good thing, and it allows us to make sure we can continue to grow ARPUs and grow with those customers. And as I said earlier, when you run a subscription business, you juris those things and you use them very carefully, and we'll continue to use it very carefully as we move forward.
Pascal Desroches: Hey, Simon. How are you? Good morning. Yes, as we said, we gave pretty clear guidance that we would be around the same levels as we were last year. In the first half of the year, we spent $12.3 billion to $12.4 billion. And by definition, that is, we're more than halfway through a roughly $24 billion spend. So that's -- the guidance hasn't changed. And importantly, as we think about how efficient our deployment of spectrum has been, that's been one of the things that when we came into the year, we understood that the spectrum that we had acquired was deploying and are propagating much more efficiently And that was in the estimates that we provided. And we're seeing that continue in all of our plans for the year, whether it be the level of coverage or -- and the level of homes passed in fiber, all those remain on track. So we feel really good about the progress.
Pascal Desroches: Yes. Simon, just to be clear, I said it in my commentary. We are past peak investment as we exit this year. And we'll give our guidance at the same time as we usually do. But clearly, we don't expect to be at the levels of capital you've seen us invest in 2022 and 2023.
Pascal Desroches: Phil, Good morning. Through the end of the second quarter, we are at around $175 million POPs covered, well on track to deliver on the $200 million we had guided to earlier in the year.
Pascal Desroches: Frank, I'm not sure what you're referring to when you say the 15 million. Just to be clear, right now, between business and consumer we are passing around 24 million homes and with the vast majority of that, obviously, being consumers. And as John alluded to, our plans haven't changed. We feel really good about the pace at which we're building. And when we build, we feel really good about the take rates that we're seeing. So all in all, these things are pursuing according to our plan.
