John Stankey: Yes. I’ll be more precise than John. We’ll be building somewhere around 2 million fiber residential locations in that neighborhood. That’s kind of what we’ve got the team tasked to do to give you a sense of what that increase will be. And I think the only other thing I would comment on relative to the wireless spend overall, the shift that’s occurring, we put a tremendous amount of capacity out over the last several years in combination with a lot of the work we spoke to you about with FirstNet upgrades. And there is a kind of a shift in mix going on within the wireless building. We’re now moving away from what I would call capacity that’s on existing spectrum bands and starting to see ourselves prefer possibly using other spectrum that may come into service at some point in time, et cetera. So, we got a little bit of a dynamic going on in the shift that’s in the overall wireless program.
John Stankey: We don’t have anything that I would tell you is any different than what you’ve seen. We’re actually -- we started doing engineering -- if you’re worried about fiber, Simon, we started doing engineering on the fiber build this year. I told you we were getting ready to go, and it was my intent to get going. And the teams are already out turning things up. We had the conversation last quarter. I don’t want to repeat myself, but we shared with you that this build is a little bit different than when we initially started because we have wire centers that are already fiber capable. The infrastructure is in place. We’re going back in and picking up the next adjacent neighborhood or the next successive area. And as a result of that, the speed to get up and moving is not the lift that it was the first time we started ramping up on this. So, we’ve got a little bit smoother dynamic around it than what you might think, because of the increase in the fiber dynamic.
John Stankey: We’re still shooting for second quarter launch on AVOD. And I think, I would point out equally as important is the Latin America launch of HBO Max that we’ve been working really hard on and be an important driver for us on future growth and getting ourselves embedded into the international front on a unified platform and approach to things. So, you should expect, as we get into the second quarter, there is going to be a lot of activity and change going on here. One of the reasons we’re kind of trying to pinpoint the exact date on it is, as you know, we’ve been working through pandemic-related production issues, and ramping that back up has been a pretty significant path. The team has done a remarkable job getting ourselves back into that business and working through the dynamics safely. It puts a little bit of overhead on things in terms of speed of production and what we’re able to do. And there’s a bit of rework that goes on with trying to work around the limitations of a pandemic-based environment. As a result of that, we’re still fighting through getting the pipeline dropping the content at the right rate and pace that we wanted to. And the first quarter this year continues to be a bit of a stretch in that regard as we cycled back into production. Our expectations are that we start to hit our stride as we get into the second quarter. And it’s really important as we put these new iterations to the product. We know that we have ourselves in a good position in terms of the content inventory. And so, as we’re kind of going hand-to-mouth on these right now, John, we’ll be a little bit more discrete on when we announce what’s coming out and exactly what month simply because it’s just that tough, and that much of a battle literally show by show to get this stuff done and get it into the funnel, and we’re working hard to do that. And we hope we’re past any of the unexpected dynamics like the California closures that went on over the last several weeks that put a couple of twists and turns in the road, and we’ve got the worst behind us. But, I’m a little chased right now with everything on the pandemic. So, I don’t want to overpromise anything.
John Stankey: So Phil, the -- look, we’re in a dynamic market. Things change all the time. We’re going to look at our promotion strategies and adjust them accordingly, and determine what we need to do to continue to be in a position to maintain and grow share. And it’s -- I think, it’s really important that we continue to have a growing business. The management team is focused on two things. We like the momentum. I think, we’d like to be a little bit more efficient with the momentum. We’ve done some really good stuff and had some really good progress on self-funding a lot of what we’ve been doing in the market. But, we’re not self-funding all of it yet. And so, our continued work on trying to manage the efficiency and effectiveness of this business, so that we can be in a more aggressive posture in the market is something that this team is working on every quarter. And we’ve tried to be diligent and reasonable in our guidance to you and make sure that we have high confidence in what we share. But, what I’m turning back to the management team is a task that I’d say is more aggressive. And to the extent that this management team delivers, and they have been doing a remarkable job of doing that over the last several quarters. Does that mean that, that’s going to give us more room to do more in the market and continue to maintain a posture that I think is totally appropriate, bringing in high-value customers, the right kind of customers we want, going down the swim lanes that we set up for ourselves that we think we have a unique place to be, which is winning in the public sector with our FirstNet abilities, using our deep enterprise customer relationships to go deeper into the customer base with affinity programs, ensuring that we’re getting the mass market with attractive offers like HBO Max and what’s associated with that, that is -- it brought in a really attractive gross add pool and treating our embedded base well, that is the strategy. And we’re going to continue to do that. I think you’re seeing it, to be the industry leader in churn this quarter, I think we called it right. We said that we don’t have customers that are upset about our network. They like it. We don’t have customers that are upset about our service. They’re satisfied with our service. We had customers who are interested in finding new devices. We shared with you that we had a little bit more agent population on device longevity than the rest of the industry. We’ve been targeting how we do that. I think getting the new 30-year lease on life, the 30-month lease on life with these customers, I wish it was 30 years -- it’s in a very appropriate exchange for the franchise right now, given everything we have in front of us.
John Stankey: Oh! Title II. How can I forget? Look, I think, it’s inevitable that we’re now back into the wood-saw approach of the new administration and a new belief that despite four years of not a single data point to suggest that we have a problem to solve, nobody blocking anybody, nobody throttling anybody, nobody bought -- doing anything inappropriate in terms of use of service and disclosing how they’re offering services to customers, we’re going to go through another regulatory bloodletting over this. I expect it to happen. And we’re going to watch the cycle repeat itself. And, one would hope at some point that there’s a recent discussion around a policy that gets us away from this web sign and allows everybody to kind of have a more consistent and stable approach. I don’t know that that’s going to happen, but we’re certainly going to try and push and discuss it. Where I think the third rail is on this issue is the dynamic around what happens to the freedom of people who invest in competitive markets to price their products and services appropriately. And if we stay away from that third rail, if the kind of latitude is in there to be able to price and do the right things in the market where competitive markets exist, then I think everything will probably, at the end of the day, be okay. But, if for some reason, policy goes down a path if that isn’t the case, it hasn’t in the past, even when Title II is in place, we have the latitude to do what I felt like we needed to do. But if, for some reason, policy went further to try to solve a problem that doesn’t exist, I have to step back and ask ourselves how we’re allocating capital around that and evaluate where that comes out and ask if it’s the right place for us to go for our shareholders, based on that dynamic and that very important lever for us being taken away. So variable, I’d say, in the market, not lever. So that’s how I think about it right now. I actually step back and from a policy perspective, ironically, think about what’s happened over the course of the last year or two, and the dynamics that are going on right now where the issue is looking at metering and monitoring speech and what’s occurring for people’s access to platforms, that -- there are more real and significant data points and how that’s affecting society than anything to do with how internet service providers are delivering bandwidth in the homes. But, I’ll leave it to smarter people to meet and figure that one out.
John Stankey: Tim, our biggest and single most important bet in that regard is HBO Max. And I think about that broadly is, while today, we talk about it as an SVOD evolving to an AVOD offer. I’ve mentioned this before. I view it as a really important foundation for broader customer relationships. I mean, this is the first big foray of maybe legacy AT&T thinking about having broader relationships with the customer base at a relatively low price point SKU that isn’t exclusively dependent on infrastructure. And to the extent we are successful at having that relationship with most U.S. households, if we don’t use that as an opportunity as a springboard for us to start thinking about how we extend those customer relationships across other opportunities, either to own and operate content or engagement with a customer or to use the platform as a means for others to distribute, we’d be losing a huge opportunity. And so, I think there is all kinds of things we want to do around the edge and making sure that we work with the right hyperscalers to virtualize and give our customers the opportunity to gain access into infrastructure, so that they can run their compute environments and their application environments effectively. That’s all important and that’s all meat and potato stuff we need to do on a network. But, I think about owning some degree of engagement with the customer, a relationship, a means to build with them, having them interact with your service so that you have insights as to who they are, what they like, what they do, what their proclivities are, being able to emotionally attach with them, having a software platform that allows you to build the next building block of a product that extends into engagement, that talks about dynamics of changing consumption in social and interactive, I think this is a really important dynamic for the health of our business. And I know, it’s longer term in nature, and I’m well aware of the folks who have maybe a tighter orientation to financial return, question, why would you be pushing as hard as you are in this area? It’s because I feel pretty strongly about that. And I think building large subscription basis of customers that pay us every month for something has been kind of the hallmark of this business. We have a really attractive dynamic in that in our overall revenues and profitability today. We need to evolve that into what the next step is. And this is just one of those steps in making that happen.
John Stankey: So, I have one last order of business before I let you go, and Dave kind of hinted at it with his complement to John. I do want to point out that it’s with very mixed emotions that we recognize that this is I believe John’s 40th and last earnings call that he’ll be doing with all of us. And he’s been a very-valued and long-time coworker of mine. I think, if you think about the fact that he sat in this role as CFO of this Company for nine years, that speaks volumes in and of itself about his character and abilities. That’s a tremendous level of longevity for somebody who occupies a role as significant, as pressured and as dynamic as the one that he’s had. I’ve worked with John for 23 years of his career, which has been a long time, and it’s been a pleasure all along the way. I could say a lot of things. Obviously, high integrity, high impact, high functioning and incredibly high regard as a person. We’re going to miss him at AT&T. I know you’re going to miss him in support of all of you, but we’re delighted about what lies ahead for him and his family and Michelle on his next chapter. And as you would expect, the professionalism and navigating the handoff to what’s going to be a very capable successor. I’m just delighted to have Pascal coming in, and look forward to all of you getting to know him. It’s gone incredibly smoothly. It’s been first rate. And I think as we join you a quarter from now and Pascal takes the reins, you’ll see what a nice, smooth and even keel transition that’s been when we reconvene. So, I hope you join me in giving best wishes to John in his next chapter and thank him for everything you’ve done for us. Thank you, John.
John Stephens: John, let me take the first one with regard to the broadband piece. Quite frankly, it’s really the efforts we’ve had to increase our sales capabilities, add new customers, the amounts that we built out in the prior years. It also has to do with the recognition that we are providing HBO Max for all of our gig customers. And so, there’s an intercompany charge there. It’s within the umbrella of AT&T and the economics are there. So, we feel good about it. But, that’s also in there. I would tell you, as you all know, the network infrastructure customer service like fiber is a long-term game, and we’ve gone through the process many times, feel very good about the long-term returns and the efforts. But yes, we’re going to be spending some money, as we did last year, to invest in that customer growth. You saw the 600,000 plus -- 650,000 or so net adds last six months. And we feel very good about that, particularly when we look at the churn numbers, particularly when we look at the customer satisfaction, the NPS scores. So, completely -- or completely support the fact. But yes, there is some investment there. With regard to the AVOD, we are expecting to launch our international version of the HBO Max later this year as well as the AVOD. I’m not ready to give any dates. John, I don’t know if you want to say anything more.
John Stephens: Phil, with regard to the update at the analyst conference. First and foremost, what we’ve said and we’ll continue to say is free cash flow in excess of dividends is going to go to pay down debt. Proceeds from the sale of assets is going to pay down debt. The reality of it is we would prefer to be able to give you more information about a leverage target. We can’t do that at this time because of the status of the C-band auction and our inability to comment on. That’s all we’re trying to tell you is that we understand that we would normally give it to you that would be appropriate. But because the FCC rules, we can’t. So, we will commit that we will update it when it’s possible. That’s the story. I think, the one thing that I’d repeat though is $27.5 billion last year, $26 billion, we’re guiding for next year, $15 billion dividend, lot of money they’re used to pay down debt. That’s what the message we want to give you, and the proceeds from things like Crunchyroll going to use to pay down debt. So, we feel good about what we’ve done over the last three years with regard to managing the debt, and we feel really good about our ability going forward. But, the comment about leverage is just, we feel it’s appropriate for us to give to, we can’t because of the rules around the C-band auction.
John Stephens: As I said, we’ll give you all that at the analyst conference when we can talk about it, quite frankly. I just got to be really careful. We’ll go from there and move forward. But, our guidance on this, the real piece is cash flow in excess of dividends and proceeds from asset sales go to pay down debt. And if you look at our net debt at the end of the year, I think, we’ve shown a -- we’ve got a good record to prove that we’re doing what we said we’re going to do.
John Stephens: Michael, let me take a quick -- just a math point out, I think you’re aware. But, the first quarter of 2021, this quarter, we’re now -- last year, we still had international roaming. And so, that compare is going to be compared to, if you will, 2.5 months of international roaming. So, that will be one set. The next three quarters will presumably be without the international roaming. So, the numbers will be different. That’s one. And I’d just say that to you, so I don’t want to get into quarterly analysis because I just don’t want to confuse things we talked about the full year. Secondly, the real story on the service revenue is customer growth. And quite frankly, we talk about the 1.2 million of postpaid net adds, 1.5 million of -- 1.2 million postpaid net adds last quarter, 1.5 million of voice net adds, mostly in the last six months, all of that. But the reality is too, we have close to 16 million total wireless connection net adds during the quarter -- during the year, when you include all connections. And, we’re seeing -- and we believe that our strategies, the ones John just talked about with treating our best customers with the best offers and things like that have the opportunity to win for us the best network and so forth. And so, we’re optimistic about the ability to continue to grow that customer base. That’s what’s driving the service revenues. With regard to the ARPU growth, the continued opportunities go into the upscaling of these packages with a great opportunity to offer HBO Max, which has certainly got tailwinds behind it and the success of it. You saw the 7 million HBO adds, best we’ve had in not only 10 years, but the best in the total 10 years, better than the total last 10 years. That is going to -- we believe that that kind of packaging with wireless is going to help and such that we’re going to be able to grow it and then grow the ARPU from, getting people to buy up just from the mobile share plans and to unlimited, but the buy up for the basic unlimited all the way up to the elite. That’s the story. We’re not giving specific percentages, dollars, but that’s what builds that confidence in wireless service revenue growth, which really drives the overall growth of the Company’s 1% guidance on revenue growth. That and some tailwinds from the comeback of WarnerMedia.
John Stephens: Yes, and say a couple of things. One, I’d point out first, almost from my perspective, 7 million net adds is pretty stout, and strategy worked. And secondly, it’s still early. We’re 31 days out from Wonder Woman’s release I think. And so we’ll continue to file it. More importantly, for everybody on the call, I think at the Analyst Day, we’ll get the team. Jason and his team will get the opportunity to talk to you about some of the further plans and go through that. Dave, your other question, I think, was with regard to the planning process. The guidance we’ve given here today, but for the exclusion of any commentary on C-band, is what we have as assets in our portfolio as of January 1st and owning them for the full year, other than Crunchyroll, other than the already held for sale termination of Crunchyroll. And so, yes, there is free cash flow in here from the video business. I won’t give you a specific number on that, Dave. But, you can assume based on the results of the business last year, it’s probably going to be a lower number, inclusive next year than it is this year for the changes in customer base and so forth. But, it is a business as usual, what I would call kind of business planning approach. All that being said, feel really good about the free cash flow position. And particularly, as I mentioned in an earlier question, cash came in strong at the end of the year with regard to the fourth quarter, with regard to customer activity, both on the corporate business side as well as the consumer side. And you guys can see it in our bad debts, which are remarkably low. Team did a really great job of weeding out fraud and weeding out -- and focusing on the best customers, and it’s showing up in our numbers. So, I think, hopefully, that answers your question, David. Thanks for the earlier comment about my retirement. It will be a change, but it will be interesting.
John Stephens: John, the only thing I’d add in your putting a fence around this issue, John made this comment earlier and it’s really important. We have fiber-to-the-neighborhood in many, many locations, and taking fiber-to-the-home is the second step. We haven’t done that yet. So, if you think about our VDSL, if you think about our new greenfield builds, if you think about the neighborhoods next to the VDSL, there was next to where we’ve got fiber-to-the-prem, those are the opportunities. And that VDSL footprint is 35 million. And when you add the fiber to it, it’s greater than that. That will give you kind of a framework for something that we could efficiently do just what John said about building out the 2 million this year. That’s where a lot of the focus is going to be. So, I think of that as the way to think about the opportunity for us. And yes, we have that ability. We need to continue the sales momentum. That’s going to be really critically important to make it work. But in line with that that’s I think a focus of easy capability for us.
John Stephens: Thanks, John, and thanks for the kind words. Thanks to all the other members of the management team here who’ve been a family for me. Specifically, thanks to my team, the finance team, just remarkable people across the board. Pascal is going to do a great job, and you guys are going to be thrilled we’re upgrading. And I would tell you, I just want to wish everybody on the call good luck, Godspeed, stay safe. And remember, don’t text and drive. Thank you all.
