Randall Stephenson: Hi, John. It’s Randall. I’ll take the carriage disputes that are going on with CBS and Nexstar first, and I’ll hand it to John, let him just kind of reconcile the subscriber numbers for you. As everybody probably knows, CBS has pulled their signal off DIRECTV as has Nexstar. And there are two very different situations. On CBS, it’s kind of an interesting situation. The bid asked candidly is not that wide. But it’s kind of an interesting dynamic with them. We sent – that was a reasonable fair offer over five days ago, and it’s been Cricket’s. We haven’t heard anything, haven’t yet had a response to the offer. When you’re as close as we are, we find a little interesting that we’re still sitting here dark and not having interaction with CBS. I’m guessing they’re probably distracted with other negotiations right now, but I don’t know. Nexstar, it’s a very different situation. Nexstar, as you know basically their product is broadcast, the four big broadcast stations free-over-the-air content, I might point out, and their opening bid in the negotiations like a 100% increase. And not only was it a 100% increase, but the assets that they’re trying to acquire that they don’t yet own yet. They were asking for a rather significant increase on assets they don’t own. So, it began with kind of a nonstarter. They’ve pulled their signal and gone dark. Now the spread is they’re asking for a 50% increase on broadcast channels that again are free over the air. And so that one may take longer, but we’ll just have to be a resolute on this one. We’re just not going to impose those kind of price increases on our customers. And interestingly enough, unlike other times we have gone through these type of blackouts where companies have pulled their signal. Our customers and world of streaming are finding other ways to access this content. And so, there’s other technologies, these technologies can even flow right into the programming guide in our DIRECTV lineup and some customers are at a pretty significant rate finding other ways of getting to that content, so that one could take a while. CBS, I’m optimistic, but hopefully we’re just going to back to the table and get this closed.
Randall Stephenson: And just most importantly, what John just went through is, as we come out of back end of 2019 and the customer base is cleaned up. We will have a customer base that is going to be perfectly suited for HBO Max. And we really had a really strong second quarter with HBO. And I got to tell you what we saw on HBO in the second quarter, particularly on the digital subscriptions that were added, we’re gaining more and more confidence that this DIRECTV base, as we come out of 2019 is going to be ideally suited for driving HBO, HBO Max penetration as we launch that next year.
Randall Stephenson: On the B2B front, Dave. This is Randall. Look, U.S. business is pretty healthy, U.S. business is doing very, very strong. And we’re now into since tax reform, I think, like our six quarter of really healthy fixed investment for businesses. And that tracks really, really well with what we do. And it’s been a little soft in the last quarter or two with the China trade discussions. The administration didn’t like to – for us to talk about that, but look business has pulled in and best with the last quarter or so as a result of the trade uncertainty. But with all that said, it’s been six quarters of pretty robust increase in business fixed investment and that tracks very well with us. Second is pricing has been pretty rational in this industry, and especially as we’ve worked off a lot of those whole legacy products, we had this incredible pricing pressure. We’re now in the market. What’s growing are the new IP type services. And the pricing there in the marketplace has been pretty reasonable and stable, and the new products sets are doing well. You saw special service as we call them, but I think those were up 6% plus for the quarter, which is a really nice healthy growth rate for those. And then we had some IP sales in the quarter, and that profit up a little bit. So – but even without that, the trends are really, really strong here. We feel good – we feel about as positive on this segment as we have in quite some time. And as businesses keep investing, we’ll continue to be really bullish on this segment. And the IP sales by the way, I mean, I know those are come in big blocks, but they’re not one time. We’ve had these in the past had a couple in this quarter, and we’ll have probably, I suspect, more in the future that’s become a nice little opportunity for us. And then, we haven’t even talked about the Microsoft and the IBM deals that were announced just recently. And those are not inconsequential deals. Those have multifaceted implications. And predominantly, those deals addressed a particular area. The biggest cost item on AT&T’s P&L are we call it the factory costs. But it’s the network and the IT costs, the big iron costs. And as you have seen over the last few years, we have very consistently with all the activity in the network going on, we have very consistently driven those cost levels down on an absolute basis, 8%, 9%, 10% year-over-year very consistently. We’re kind of getting to a place where it’s hard to continue getting those type of productivity increases. What we’re doing with both IBM and Microsoft is leveraging their capabilities in large scale cloud deployments. And they’re taking over a lot of applications for AT&T, moving those to the cloud. And what is going to do is allow us to continue at this type of cost reduction curve on the network and IT side of the house, and continue that momentum there. In addition, we are securing revenue opportunities with each of those companies, and actually have go-to-market strategies. That will allow us to continue to keep the momentum you’re seeing on the wireline revenue side. So, all in all, I would tell you, we’re relatively bullish on the B2B side of the house, and hopeful that we continue to have economic growth, the trade situation doesn’t become a distraction for businesses that we can continue and improve on this.
Randall Stephenson: That’s – and it happens to be accurate. We have done a very good job as new big deals come up retaining those, and as I’ve told you the pricing has been fairly rational in the marketplace. And so, yeah, we really have had not only on a retention basis, but also on an acquisition basis, picking up new logos. We’ve picked up a number of new logos in the last year or so. And so that business, again, I just won’t dwell on it, but it continues to surprise us in terms of how it’s doing. And I’d love to say it’s all 100% great execution, but all of that was just good economic health. And American business is quite healthy right now. In terms of industry structure, there’s a lot of noise out there right now in industry structure. And the news this morning that maybe T-Mobile is close to having a deal with the DOJ. I just – there’s a – there are so many ifs around industry structure and who’s going to be in the market, and who’s not. It’s actually hard to respond to it. But to answer your question directly, if Charlie Ergen has wireless assets and distribution or Sprint T-Mobile happens or doesn’t happen, candidly, it doesn’t change anything we’re going to do for the next three years. Our strategy is pretty well baked, and I think the strategy is resilient as it relates to changes in industry structure. It’s a strategy from a wireless standpoint that is, first and foremost, centered around FirstNet, getting the FirstNet capability deployed, built, standing up new distribution, tapping that new market and just continuing to drive network quality. And then, obviously, the 5G deployment is high, high priority. Also, then pairing that with a unique content in HBO Max. It’s not even here yet, but HBO Max will be a key part of this wireless strategy as we get into next year and pairing a very unique premium video content with our wireless and our TV and broadband business. So, whether anything happens with that or not, it doesn’t change our strategy. Now the status of these deals, it’s obviously one that we’re watching very closely, but there are so many ifs around, does the industry structure change or not. And the interesting part is it’s set up where the DOJ is probably not going to be the last say on this deal. And I’ve not seen this happen in M&A before, where the state AGs have positioned themselves, where they will be the last say on any deal that gets done and they’re kind of in a position where they’re going to be grading the DOJ’s work as we go through this. And so, thinking about state AGs and then the rumors and so forth in the marketplace, what level of comfort they’ll take that the antitrust concerns and fix is Charlie Ergen coming into the wireless business, that’s been decades in the making, so it’ll be interesting to see how they react to that. So, a lot of things up in the air. It’s hard to say which way this thing goes, but at the end of the day, it doesn’t change anything we’re doing.
Randall Stephenson: Sure. Hi, Mike. Yes. So, start with the NFL SUNDAY TICKET exclusivity. That’s something that served DIRECTV well for many years. However, unfortunately, right now, that content is tied to our satellite product. And so, it serves a good value as we come into the fall. It’ll be an important retention tool. But in terms of an opportunity to grow our business with that, when it’s anchored to a satellite product, it’s kind of hard to utilize it. So hopefully, over time, we can address that and move it on to our other platforms. And I think it can be a really important piece of growing our other platforms. As you think about NBA, Major League Baseball, a lot of the content that – is – content rights that are held by the Turner companies, whether it be TNT or TBS and the NBA Final 4, and then playoffs fit that as well, those are obviously really important variables. And they’ve been very, very important in making Turner very unique content as we market it to other distributors, but also as we begin to put that content on our HBO Max platform. This will be at the early stages of HBO Max, but you should assume that ultimately, HBO Max will have live elements. And those live elements, both unique live sports, premium sports, the ones we just went through, NBA, Major League Baseball, NCAA basketball, those are going to be really, really important elements for HBO Max. The same with news, and you can go through the areas of news that we think are very, very important, and will do quite well as an element of HBO Max. So exclusive content has been important for as long as the TV business has been around. We don’t see that changing, and you should assume that we will take advantage of opportunities, both within Turner and don’t forget Bleacher Report. We have some great exclusive live content in Bleacher Report, from NBA to soccer, European soccer and so forth. So, a lot of opportunities to take advantage of the unique content deals that we have within WarnerMedia.
Randall Stephenson: Yes. Hi, Kannan. This is Randall again. You’ve nailed the equation. I mean, that’s exactly what the equation is. It’s – one has to ask, how is it that subscribers can decline like this and margins expand? And it says a lot about the customers that are staying on the network, that they tend to be very high-value customers, tend to be very valuable customers as you think about where we are going as a company. And that is distributing unique content through as many distribution points as possible. And so, as you think about the product portfolio going forward, which is what you have teed up, it’s interesting. The DIRECTV product is going to have a really long life, and they’re going to be segments of the market for a long time, but that’s how you’ll address those segments of the market. This thin client product that were bringing to market, it literally takes the customer acquisition costs and cuts it in half. And the beauty of that is that you can begin to address a fundamental problem with the current linear TV business, and that is the price point, but the content costs just continuing to grow. You heard me talk about Nexstar wanting 100% increase on their broadcast rights and so forth. We’ve got to find a way to get the cost curve down on this product, so we can keep people into the product for a longer-term basis. So, as you drive customer acquisition costs in half on AT&T TV, the new product we’re bringing to market, then you can bring the price points down and hold margins and still have the same value equation from a customer standpoint. So, DIRECTV, good product, will be there for a long time. AT&T TV, you should assume, this will be the workhorse over the next couple of years. And we will put our shoulder and our muscle behind AT&T TV, get a lower price point, shore up this customer base over the next couple of years. And then the part that shouldn’t be missed, and we haven’t given any subscriber numbers on HBO digital because we just had Game of Thrones, and we added a lot of digital subscribers. And we will, as we get to the WarnerMedia Day, we’ll give some visibility into those. But until we kind of know what the churn characteristics of a product like this looks like, we’re going to be a little guarded about giving subscribers. But here’s what we do know, and that is HBO – DISH stopped carrying HBO. And year-over-year, we’re actually up HBO subscribers. That tells you how strong the digital subscriber performance of this thing was. And churn is hanging in there pretty strong in the third quarter because as Game of Thrones went off, the HBO folks, we gave them more capital to invest in content. So, in comes the new season of Big Little Lies. It’s performed very well. Chernobyl was a blowout success. After Big Little Lies ended last Sunday. Now we have Succession coming online. The new season of Barry is coming into play, and this thing is just feeling pretty good. And so, as you think about a video portfolio, DIRECTV, AT&T TV, HBO, which we’re getting more and more conviction that HBO Max is going to be meaningful, you can imagine that those are the places we’re going to put our shoulder and our muscle as we move forward. And the implications of that to profitability, we think, are pretty important. And so, we’ll give more visibility on the WarnerMedia Day in October. But bottom line, we like how the video portfolio is shaping up here, and you can listen to that discussion and begin to appreciate where you would expect our marketing and customer acquisition muscle to go.
Randall Stephenson: Yes. Hi, Tim. You bet. We are pretty consistent in talking about the advantages of FirstNet, and that it’s allowing us to deploy this 5G hardware with one touch on the sales side. So, we climbed the sales side, and we’re doing a number of things. We’re turning up the FirstNet hardware and the FirstNet spectrum, and then we’re turning up all this other latent data spectrum that we own as we climb the tower and putting the 5G hardware in place. And we’ve put the beta alpha tag on the phone for 5G Evolution. And I know some of our competitors didn’t like that, but it’s proving to be exactly what we told the market that it would be. You turn up all the spectrum, you put the new technology in place and there is a speed enhancement. And we are unquestionably the fastest network in the market just because of that capacity served. And we are literarily in the process of, by end of 2019, we’ll have increased the total capacity of this network, John had a slide on this, by 50%. There are just inherent performance improvements from that alone that we’re seeing and our customers are experiencing, and our churn is reflecting this. Now 5G, to your question, will a software be ready? By mid-year next year, as we’ve turned all – put all this hardware in place, we will have a nationwide footprint of 5G. So yes, the software will be turned up. And by mid-year, we’ll have a nationwide footprint of 5G. We are also in the process of market-by-market turning up our millimeter wave spectrum 5G into that spectrum band. And as you know, when you put 5G into that millimeter wave band, that’s when you get these radical speed lifts, and that’s when you start to get the gig-type speeds. And we have it up in areas here in Dallas, for example. And I have a Samsung phone that I carry around. And I routinely, when I do speed tests here in Dallas, get over 1 gig speeds, get 2 gig on some occasions. And so, you’re going to have some radical step-up in speed performance as we deploy this in the millimeter wave on top of our lower-ban spectrum where we turn it up over the course of next year. The really high-performance millimeter wave spectrum is going to come market-by-market, and it will take a while to deploy the really high-speed spectrum. As we turn it up, Tim, you should expect our focus will be a little different to some of our competitors. It is a business-driven focus at the go-down. And we think it’s really important because we can deploy this technology. If somebody needs a connected factory or connected plant, we’re doing this in Austin now, you will see us do that. If somebody needs a Wi-Fi replacement for their business operations, we can deploy and we can replace that. If somebody has IoT applications, we can begin to deploy this and roll these services out kind of commensurate with the network deployment. And so, it will be business-driven at first. As we get broad coverage of the millimeter wave, and this is really important, as our customers begin to get handsets into their hands that can use this technology, which right now, is pretty limited number of handsets, but as we exit next year there’ll be a significant – they’ll be in the dozen more handsets where people can use this technology, then you’ll see us ratchet it up, the marketing and the promotion. We don’t want to get too aggressive with the consumer right now where there aren’t handsets in the marketplace and there isn’t significant coverage. That will happen as we go through the course of next year. And we do agree with you that we have an advantage here. We have a deployment advantage, and we think we’ll have nationwide, this broad 5G deployment mid-year, and that’s going to be important for our customers.
Randall Stephenson: I don’t have much to add. I would we just point, all of the commitments we gave to you last year, at the end of the year, we are hitting every one of those. And we’re checking the box on each of them. I am gaining greater and greater confidence we’ll hit each of those as we go through the course of this year. The debt we’ll have at a very reasonable place as we exit this year, I’ll be – I fully expect that we’ll be buying some stock back as we go through this year and the cash flows continue to produce. And look, I hope you’re seeing in WarnerMedia why we thought this asset was so important for us to own. This is a great business, great talent, great people running it. HBO is firing on all cylinders. Warner Bros. is doing terrific. And all this is coming together to give us great confidence that HBO Max is going to be something special in the marketplace. And we’ll get more to that, more of that to you in October. We look forward to seeing everybody there. Thank you for joining the call, and look forward to seeing you.
John Stephens: John, taking that forward, we’ve got about a 1 million customers left, as I mentioned on these price locks, and those price locks expire in the fourth quarter. Pretty much ratably I’d say throughout the second half of the year. But in November, as they closed out, and we expect to have through the process by the end of this year, so we’d expect to continue to see some of the impacts of getting to this value based long-term customer value approach that we’ve taken on those customers and continue to see some of the same trends we’ve seen. Additionally, we have – as you’ve seen the EBITDA grow and the performance of the business being really solid, certainly stable, but solid in my mind. You can see that; we believe that this value of customer long-term value customer approach is working. So, on the intake side, we’re going to continue to file that, and that will also continue to lead us to some working through the rest of this year. But that being said, we’re encouraged about our early insights in the AT&T TV. We’re encouraged about the ability to get out of the beta, learn from it, and take it forward the rest of this year. So, when I look at 2020, and we’ve been through the two year price locks, we’ve been through a full year of adding a long-term value based customer and we have the potential to use AT&T TV. We have more optimistic expectations for 2020 that gives us the basis to believe that our margins will continue to be stable next year.
John Stephens: Yeah, Phil. I think, you should expect – as you call it subdued or what we call at the long-term value focus promotional activity, I think that’s right. You should expect that. We have some normal summer activity with video, I wouldn’t expect that to change. What I would tell you though is the balancing of that with the same number of customers, the amount of customers getting off these two-year price locks. Putting that together, what I’m trying to say is, we’d expect this level of losses to continue and are predicting what they are, but we need to get through this 1 million customers base and some of the other, if you will, less the value-conscious-focused promotions that we’ve done in prior years. We need to get through those that will take us through the end of the year to do that. The positive side of that is, I don’t know what AT&T TV is going to do for us. I think, it’s going to be a focus of real results in 2020, because we’re going to roll it out later this quarter and then we’ll test it. But you can be assured, we’re going to continue to focus on this long-term value of the customer.
John Stephens: So, Simon, I want to take the asset sales first. Feel really good about where we’re at. The – and I bucket them – I put them in two buckets. One is a straight asset sales, Hulu and Hudson Yards, and that was the $4 billion. But we’ve also done a whole collection of other working capital impacts just like the WarnerMedia securitizations, a whole collection of that kind of activity. So, we feel really good where we’re at. With regard to the asset sales, we’re – I think, it’s public knowledge that we’re out there selling our collection of about 1,300 U.S. cell towers that we still have, we still own. We have a whole collection over a 1,000 cell towers in Mexico. We probably have 250 parcels of real estate with a couple of $100 million in the contract. We have an equity investment in the company called CME and their independent board is reviewing their strategic alternatives. So, we’ve got a whole collection of things that’s not all of them, but we’ve got a whole collection of things that gives us confidence in meeting that $6 billion to $8 billion range, and hopefully doing very well with regard to that $6 billion to $8 billion target. And I’ll remind you that that’s on a net basis, too, so we’re expecting to cover the investment we made in millimeter wave this year in the 24 auctions. So, the $6 billion to $8 billion target is going to include being to pay for that with the proceeds. We just got a lot of opportunities, we feel good about it, and I’ll leave that with that. With regard to the balance sheet, I think, if you can think about as we talked about after – the fourth year after the close of the deal. We look to be – I’d expect, we’d be somewhere around the 2.0 range or below that gives us great flexibility to pay down debt and take advantage of what now is a higher cash cost of equity capital than the cash cost of our debt capital. So, when you look at out of very methodical basis, right now, the cash flows of the overall operation on an after dividend basis can be enhanced by shifting some of your focus from debt repayment to buyback. But I want to make sure, we stay focused on the fact that we’re going to achieve, we expect to achieve our guidance. And we’ll get there and that is our focus – primary focus right now to make sure we look [ph] that. We’re well on track, we feel good. I think you can tell that just by the fact that we just raised our guidance on free cash flow. But that’s how we think about it. So, these are historically low interest rate environment, and operating at these levels has been something we can very reasonably do, periodically we do and feel very comfortable about.
John Stephens: So, they could – let me take that free cash flow one first. And quite frankly, we’re at the $26 billion range, feel very good about that. We did $2.6 billion securitization that we told you about. And quite frankly some would suggest that raising the guidance to $28 billion could have been raised even higher number than the $28 billion range. But quite frankly, we’re going to continue to invest in the network, our FirstNet team, our network team is [putting for sales] [ph] quite frankly ahead of schedule. They’re being really efficient. But if they need more capital, I want to have the flexibility to do that and still meet what we’re – what our guidance is. If we can get software releases out quicker with regard to 5G, and put those in place, I want to retain the flexibility to do that. So quite frankly, the raise in guidance is something that’s very reasonable to achieve, and feel good about it. And yet retains flexibility for us. So, I understand the reason for your question, but we have retained some flexibility in this to make sure that if we can continue to build at this – the 60% achievement level that we’re at is nine months ahead of schedule. If we can keep doing this and the impacts of that overall wireless business are really showing up at lower churn in customer. We’ve had a 1 million voice customers in the last year, 355,000 just in last quarter. So, feel really good about what it’s doing. So, I want to be ready to support those really quality efforts, that’s that aspect of it.
John Stephens: Brett, we think of the first responder community, has 3 million potential, to participate very little in that. We’re growing it quickly now. But we also the secondary first responders, the guys who going in and restore power and restore hospitals, and work in that environment that don’t necessarily wear firefighter hats or police badges, that’s another 8 million or brings that total almost – that adds about 11 million to it. So that brings that community totaled about 14 million. That’s a huge – that’s the opportunity we view. And then you think about them having multiple devices whether it be a tablet or a phone, and then you think about them having family members. So, it really is a very large scale. We are making great progress in getting authorized with agencies and adding customers. And adding customers, that were previously served by somebody else, but we’re also very, as Randall said, this network is outstanding, and it’s going to serve our existing customer base. And so, it’s going to give us this opportunity quite frankly to lower churn to get better quality service to this existing 80 million customers – phone customers we have today. That’s a real benefit that I have a difficult time putting a price tag on or giving predictions for. But I know it’s a real benefit for us and for the shareholders, for the customers. So, we feel really good about that. And that leaves us just in a very smooth transition into 5G. This 5G Evolution is going on now to 5G Plus with our millimeter wave and our 20 markets that we’re in today. And with the 5G in the core network, where we’ll have nationwide coverage next year, we expect by the middle of the year. So, we really are leading in 5G. We really are – and FirstNet is enabling this, and it’s going to have a lot of benefits to it. So, you can understand why we do feel good. We do feel good about what the team is doing and how they’re performing, and optimistic about meeting targets going forward. Last thing I’ll say is the accounting side of it, you get 70% of this complete by the end of this year. And our network guys have surprised me on the positive side before. We’re going to have a lot of the CapEx behind us on the build side. And the remaining piece would be software upgrades, so we feel really good about the financial aspects of this process also.
John Stephens: Randall, if I could, one thing to add. All that investment that Randall was talking about and all these new shows that’s showing up, first of all, you’ve seen the 3% revenue increase at HBO ties exactly to what Randall said. How are you doing that without strong digital performance? It’s like all these new shows that he’s talking about, we’ve made those content investments. We continue to invest in content just like CapEx throughout the year. And that is in – that is already included in those free cash flow numbers that we’ve shown up through this year and included in our guidance. So, we are making decisions to continue to invest. We’re doing that today. You’re seeing the build on 5G today. You’re seeing this investment in content today. And with all of that, we’re still coming back to this kind of $4 a share of free cash flow, not only for the trailing 12 months, but for this year. So, I’d say this, we are investing in the business, particularly in the comments around I made on WarnerMedia and HBO and those types, but also across the board. It’s just really important to keep that in mind, and we’re still generating just tremendous cash flows, not only in total, but on a per-share basis.
John Stephens: And let me wrap up, and then hand it over for Randall for some closing comments. But specifically, on the quarter, we had solid revenue growth. And we met our service revenue growth in mobility. Quality EBITDA growth, solid EPS, strong free cash flows and continued investment in both content and network that are showing up in our results. So, we feel like it was a very good quarter, and we are very – and we remain optimistic going forward. Our ability to generate cash and manage our balance sheet is without question, and we feel very good about it. Randall, let me turn it over to you.
