John Stankey: Hey, John, let me start before Jason jumps in. Overall, here's the way to think about. We haven't given specific guidance on the overall communications Company yet, which is what I think you're asking about. But I said in my commentary that we expect Mobility, the biggest part of our business to accelerate growth from here. I also said that, well, sequentially, we have some tough comps. For the fourth quarter Consumer Wireline, we expect sequential growth in that business. Business Wireline, we talked about some of the issues we're facing. So when you think about all those things, you should get a sense that from here, the momentum of the business continues. And we feel really good about it, our customers are growing, our revenues are growing, and we continue to take costs out of the business. So over time, it's going to translate to improvement in, not only top line, but we will see profit growth.
John Stankey: Phil, I'll just add on that. We're not participating or taking EBB dollars on our postpaid subscribers. And I would say in terms of telecommunications in general, in the health, there's clearly a stronger consumer out there because of some of the things that the federal government has done with the pandemic to prop-up household income and that's not -- can't last forever.  However, if you kind of examine where we are in the infrastructure bill, and you think about what is moving from a federal policy perspective on building better infrastructure, whether or not congress gets that through of course is a question, but you work under assumption that there seems to be some bipartisan view that we need to do the right things around infrastructure and then broad band and connectivity to the Internet seems to come at the top of the list.  I would expect that there's going to be some more federal money that moves into the industry next year. And some of it comes in the form of a direct subsidy to what's considered to be low-income households. That definition of low-income households is a fairly generous definition. It's 200% of the poverty line in the bill as it was proposed or written. When you start thinking about that, does that mean that a household, at least in terms of making decisions on telecommunications purchases, might be in a strong perspective next year, the economy continues to be reasonably strong, I don't worry about all of a sudden seeing a reversal or turn around in the aggregate spending power on telecommunication services.
John Stankey: Put an exclamation point on your first question, which is, we absolutely believe and did this transaction with the notion that we're moving this business forward in a direct-to-consumer marketplace, and it's required that you get to scale. And I've said multiple times that we're in a window here where that's a foot race, and it's an important foot race. So there's no pulling the foot off the accelerator on that regard.  HBO Max is the foundation of that business moving forward and how the combined Company will continue to go to market and everything that we do right now to make that product better and add customers is a step in the right direction and the consistent direction of where the closed and combined business goes.  And we all want the shareholders that own a substantial portion of that Company moving forward, to have a valuable asset, one that's growing and one that will be successful in the next-generation of media. And we believe we've got to do the right things right now to make sure that the business is well-positioned, to make that happen.
John Stankey: Can I just emphasize something Jeff said and maybe we'll quibble a little bit with your characterization of the previous success on the quote, unquote, the last bill. There was really not much new fiber build from about 2018 at the end of 2018, for there's a little bit of a hiatus period there, so I would tell you that a lot of the results you're seeing right now to just point, it's really better execution of the team. Going back in and working in some of the asset base to actually improve performance overall.  Yes. Now, the midpoint of this year, you've now seen some of your inventory come into play and we're getting a lot better, as Jeff just described, at moving through penetration rates faster. And if we, in fact, sustain that it's going to make the business case even a stronger business case because one of the big sensitivities to payback is rate to penetration. And if we can keep that going, it can be dramatically better than what we think is already a pretty attractive business case. And the last point I would make is, the nice part about this build in many instances is, that we're filling in a little bit of areas that we maybe didn't complete previously. And so as that fill in occurs, you get some effectiveness on marketing messages, the ability to go into a market and it's your particular value proposition effectively communicated, how you deal with your distribution channels through that. So we'll probably be a little bit more effective and efficient given the base of customers that we have as we build out and fill in over the next several quarters.
John Stankey: Colby, I've been pretty clear from the front end of this, is my view is, our job is to execute, and return to you a result that you look at and say those are really impressive and that's great and that the business, to the extent that we do that. I fully believe there's more opportunity for us to go out, and continue to build infrastructure that's highly capable that can attract business and I think my belief is that this management team, as we demonstrate the market, we can do that.  Do I believe there is an opportunity for us as a Company to operate at a 5 million a year range at capacity in what we do? I think we can get there. How we get there, and how we scale to that and what timeframe, we'll be an [Indiscernible] of what we come back to you and tell you in terms of our results, and how much progress we're making around them, and we're going to continue to push forward. But as I work with the management team internally, it's how I'm asking them to think about scaling up their business, running their business, sizing their business, creating vendor relationships that allow us to move that path. And that's the -- it's up to us to execute around that to get there. The last -- I'll make a comment just on the other piece and then turn it to Jeff to get to the bulk of it. We've given you guidance on cash flow for 2022, 2023, and there's obviously questions that many of you are asking, well, can they get to that level? And you better believe some of the cost savings stuff is dropping to the bottom line because that's how we get to that level. The backend of this program -- while we've used the front end of it to actually increase our market effectiveness and be in a better position in terms of our customer growth and volume, the backend of this program is about actually getting the better efficiency that drops to the bottom line, that ultimately comes in play and helps us on a cash flow side. And I think that's how you should think about how we've done that.  And there's some structural approaches that we're using on the higher longer term issues like changing that IT infrastructure and data structures, etc. that's harder and longer work, but tends to also have more operating leverage once it goes into service and we get it done, and that's really what's underneath. Jeff, why don't you go ahead and fill in any additional color you might want to add on timing.
John Stankey: Okay. With that, first of all, thank you all for joining us this morning and appreciate your questions and your interest in the business. And as I said at the start of the call, I think in some respects, the quarter is more of the same. It's been consistent focus and consistent execution. And I would say I'm really pleased with our progress overall, and how the team is executing.  There are a lot of moving parts and there have been some distractions, but I really am pleased across-the-board, whether in the communications Company or the media Company, the teams have done a remarkable job at staying focused on what their task is at hand. And I only get more excited about that, because as we work our way through this process, and some of those distractions drop away, I think the sky is the one that -- in terms of what these teams can do, with even better execution as they hit their stride around things.  The comment that Phil made, I guess where I would come out on my point of view of these markets that we're involved in, is I'm actually much more bullish and optimistic about the markets in aggregate. I think there's a reason. There's a substantial amount of investment moving into these industries and it's because there's a tremendous importance and an inherent value that customers get out of connectivity moving forward.  And if I were to think about our businesses on the communication side of the Company, we are moving into what I would call the golden age of connectivity and ubiquity and connectivity. I actually feel really optimistic about that, that there's some really smart operators in this industry. They're investing because they have a path to gain return on those things and they're going to do it in a way that's intelligent, smart. And demand is strong in these industries, and I believe there may be some structural changes that come out of some of the programs that the government is looking at that could make that demand even stronger and more robust. And I believe that if policy is structured appropriately in this country right now, we can see a really strong forward progress in the communications industry that's good for all of us. On the media side, I think we are in a very, very unique position with what we've done. We set out, as we started HBO Max, with a description of a product that we thought was going to be different, was going to be a more focused product with a higher degree of quality and a more distinct brand characterization of what we did moving forward.  I think if you go out and you look at any third-party that's been evaluating that as the team has gained its stride, and continue to iterate on the quality of the product, the quality of the platform, as we move through the pandemic in terms of our ability to bring new content out of the market, ratings of engagement and viewership, awards that have come in, indications of time engaged on the platform from third-parties, have all been recognizing the team on that work, and I absolutely believe it is a unique breed of [Indiscernible] that when combined with Discovery moving forward, will only strengthen its capabilities to become one of the must-have platforms of consumers moving forward and a tremendous amount of value creation as that customer basis established globally.  So with that, we'll talk to you as we wrap up the year. Expect to come back and tell you more of the same, and I hope you all have a great fourth quarter and great holidays if I don't talk to you before then.
Jason Kilar: John, I'll jump in. This is Jason on the AVOD question, which is -- we've been happy with the launch, which was in June of this year. So this is the first full quarter. And we're happy, not just in terms of the absolute response, in terms of subscribers, but also because advertising helps lower the price and increase the value for an HBO Max subscription. So we see it as rather strategic. and we're very excited about where that goes.  One thing that is interesting to note, John, is that until the end of the year, there is a slight difference in the product of ad-supported HBO Max in that the movies, specifically Matrix, King Richard, and Dune are not part of the ad-supported offering. So there will be full content parity starting in late January of 2022. So we're very happy with the results and we're quite excited about the future as well. And then you also asked about our results, if you assume taking into account the Amazon Prime Video channels exit.  We haven't commented specifically on the size of the subscribers coming from Amazon Prime Video channels, but I think it's safe to say that we're very happy with the quarter. When you think about how we've grown, 1.9 million worldwide, and even when you think about the Amazon exit, which we think was a very strategic decision that three companies really have made so far, which includes Disney and Netflix being the other two, we feel very good about the quarter.
Jason Kilar: I think our job is to do what we say we're going to do each quarter, and continue to meet our commitments and carry it through and ultimately over time, that when the cash shows up, it tends to get reflected in the stock price.
Jason Kilar: Sure thing, Brett. Very much appreciate the questions. In terms of your first question, our approach is consistent with what our approach was a quarter ago, 2 quarters ago, 3 quarters ago. And what I mean by that is that for us it's business as usual. We're going to be launching in 6 countries. next week in Europe, and we're very excited about that, and we've also publicly announced a number of other European country launches in 2022. So our approach is very much what it had been before. And we're excited.  If you take a look at the Latin America results, what expansion across the globe can bring. In terms of your second question about our motion picture slate and what have we learned. I'll state the obvious, which is not unique to us is that, we're in the middle of a pandemic and a pandemic obviously presents very unique circumstances.  And as you know well, we've been very much leading and the first over the wall, so to speak, in terms of bringing our 2021 slate to customers in a way that can work for them, but also worked for exhibition and work for our participants. And so what we've learned is that motion pictures continue to matter.  We believe they're going to matter for decades to come, and we're probably investing in them. In terms of the road forward, we've committed to 2022, and that's the visibility that we have, and that is a combination of two things; on one side will be a certain slate of motion pictures that will have an exclusive theatrical run, 45 days that's quite a bit different from where things were, say, 5 years ago in terms of the theatrical run, then they will come to HBO Max. And then we're also going to have a slate of motion pictures from Warner Brothers that will come directly to HBO Max on day 1. That's -- those are the answers to your two questions, Brett. Thank you for asking.
Jeff Mc Elfresh: To address that question, I'd kind of backup for a second and look at the health of our Wireless business in the context of the overall industry and tell you that our strategy is working here at AT&T as we've demonstrated, it's the 5th consecutive quarter where we have driven some momentum in gaining share. Our net add strength here in the quarter at 928,000, that compares to what we have produced back in 2019 in the third quarter of 101,000.  And we're driving strong service revenue growth and we just posted the largest total EBITDA that we've generated out of the Wireless business segment. The best part about it, Phil, is that our customers are telling us that we're doing a good job. These churn levels that are low are a signal to the service and the value that we're offering, and our NPS feedback that we've received is the highest that we've ever received. The sustainability of what we've done here in AT&T, I think, is really important to understand more broadly. It's a question that keeps coming up about our growth, relative to competition in the general market. It's important to note that we've optimized our distribution channels. We've expanded the reach of it and we're now addressing new segments that we were not addressing earlier, and that's helping us drive some of our customer momentum. But in combination to that, Phil, we've simplified our rate plans and we've remained consistent in our offers to the market over the last 13 months, if you will.  And this really enables the AT&T frontline team members to master their craft, deliver a higher level of service. And that -- this can't be overlooked, this is a key component to what's driving momentum for us at AT&T in our business. I'd also point to things like our FirstNet program. We're starting to reach some scale here. Third quarter, we posted the highest net add quarter since launching the program. And we've arrived at a position of leadership and strength in the law enforcement segment under that public safety sector. And so all in all, it's been the operational changes that we've made at AT&T that has driven really strong momentum in our customer counts. The promotions that you referred to, there's an aspect of promotion that's just one element of this broader strategy. And it's important to note that not all of our customers that are with us, that upgrade or that join us from competitors, take advantage of the promotional offers that you see in the market.  We've been at this for a little over a year now. And I can tell you I've studied the characteristics of the customers that have taken the promotion versus those that have not taken the promotion in our customer base. And here's what I can tell you, that those that have participated in our promotional offers have a higher LTV, a better churn and a higher satisfaction score than those that have not. And so, we know this is driving accretive value. The industry is healthy. And better than that, the new accounts to AT&T, those that are joining us from our competitors, they exhibit the same kind of characteristics in their financials, higher LTVs, better churn, and higher satisfaction than our base. So it's not just that we are adding more customers, we know based on these metrics that we see that we are adding high-value customers and don't believe that this is driven uniquely by any kind of subsidy or extra cash flow that happens to be in the marketplace of the general market.  It's also, I think, important to fill the note that the cost of these promotions as one element of our strategy, it runs through our service revenue. The cost of those promotions run through that in amortization, and so for us to be able to post this kind of growth in the quarter, in this competitive market, and drive this kind of solid performance in subscriber revenue, accounting for any cost of the promotions gives us confidence that we're creating value. I would take this kind of quarter all day long in the competitive market, and I'm certain that our shareholders are going to be happy with it.
Jeff Mc Elfresh: Thanks Pascal. If you look at our Business Wireline business as a reported segment wise, we are moving our customers --many of our enterprise customers through a product mix shift. We've been doing this for a while. I think it's important to note that unlike others, we don't report a consolidated business P&L, that includes wireless. And we are actually seeing shift to wireless for many services, as many of our customers have moved up and over in the pandemic. As just a general observation. More specifically, David, the three parts of our business that we're getting to subscriber growth, revenue growth, and then EBITDA growth.  We've got, first to our business wire -- our Consumer Wireline and our Mobility moving in that direction. And we are at the cusp of getting our Business Wireline business to move in that direction. It's going to take some time because it's going to require some product mix and product development work. Specifically, areas of the business markets that we, at AT&T, serve less of, or underrepresented, are in more of the medium-sized businesses in the mid-market. And these customers are more inclined to use shared broadband served up by Fiber.  And our business service are class services that we sell to our top-end enterprise accounts are a bit more bespoke in specific networks that are not necessarily attractive to the mid-markets. We have been making moves to shift the product mix into mid, and as John mentioned earlier, as our fiber expansion, it's not just for consumer but also for business, begins to take footing, you'll see us shift shares of our revenue in Business Wireline more transactional based and down market with the execution that we know we can deliver, and so it's going to take a few quarters as we work through it. The cost transformation that we're undertaking inside the communications Company, as Pascal mentioned, about halfway through the 6 billion and aggregate for the firm. The back half of the transformation program really brings in more operating efficiencies in our Business Wireline segment that we we'll see start to accrete to EBITDA growth in that part of our business.
Jeff Mc Elfresh: Mike, I'll take the first part of your question. This is Jeff. There still remains a large opportunity within our base of customers to work them through a more value -- higher end of our rate plans. And you're seeing that play out in postpaid phone ARPU. Pascal touched on this a second ago. If you think about maintaining the industry-leading, the highest ARPU of any player in the market, even though we're the third player in wireless, being able to do that with some of these promotional offers that are part of our strategy, gives us confidence that we're working our base and our customers up the ARPU stack into higher-value unlimited rate plans. We still have large portions of our subscriber base that we have not migrated into those rate plans. And so we expect that to continue pretty much on the course and speed of what the customer wants. We're not driving or forcing any unnatural behavior there.  We're letting the customers choose when it's time for them to take advantage of an offer or to move into a new rate plan. And we'll continue to execute that. So that's got a room to run for the next mini, several quarters. That's not something that's going to dry up in the short-term.
Jeff Mc Elfresh: Kannan, hey, it's Jeff. What has been our difference in go-to-market strategy? We are executing at a faster pace in this build than we did in the prior build. Our -- in fact, the gross additions that we had in our fiber business in the third quarter, roughly around 500,000, highest ever. Our network engineering teams are getting the fiber laid into the ground, into customer homes, in a cycle time that's about 30% faster than our prior build. And our market or -- marketing organization is tactically out in the markets driving early 30, 60, 90 day [Indiscernible] rates at 2x the levels that we saw in the prior build. We are absolutely including wireless as a bundled opportunity for us in this part of our footprint. And I'd cite that about 7 out of 10 additions to our Fiber network in this last quarter were new accounts to AT&T, and therefore, give us an opportunity to go drive Mobility growth as well. in the footprints where we built it.
Jeff Mc Elfresh: [Indiscernible] right now given the demand that we have for this best-in-class product, that's 4.5 times better than our nearest competitor, and the quality of the products, and the value that we offer into the market. We like the demand that we're generating. This business is about getting Fiber built as quickly as we can to serve these customers, to give them gigabit level speeds at a really solid price point. I wouldn't anticipate any change or move so long as our offer in the market continues to gain customers.
Jeff Mc Elfresh: Well, for sure, all of our network assets, we're looking to maximize the yield. And because of the investments that we've made in Wireless, Frank, we've got ample capacity sitting inside of our broad network architecture and infrastructure. And so akin to what we have announced previously with DISH, which by the way is operationally up and running.  We've successfully integrated our systems with the DISH systems and now providing connections into their distribution network, and we're going to look to ramp that in B&O offering for DISH over the course of the '22 and beyond. Remind you that's 10-year deals as long term. And so based on that move, you should expect that we are interested in serving all forms of traffic, so long as they are accretive to our share owners and to our business, and I would expect you'll see us as a participant in that. If you look also -- one last comment, Frank, if you look at historically, we've been pretty underrepresented in resale or wholesale in our run rates of our business, and so it's been an area of focus for the team and we'll look to grow that line in our business.
Jeff Mc Elfresh: Yeah. And it's not only impacting our Business Wireline part of the franchise, Colby, it's all 3 reported segments. I think we've been investing heavily in these transformation initiatives to go drive growth and improve our cost structure and our effectiveness as an organization. Simply put, we have been hard at work inside of the Company preparing for a better execution and a better operating performance. And we're seeing signs of that in our Wireless business, we're seeing signs of this now in our Consumer Wireline business, and I tell you that the Business Wireline begins to feather in as we move into the back half of the program.
