John Stephens: Thank you, Ralph, and good morning, everyone. Let's first take a look at business consumer trends, which are on Slide 13. What we are seeing so far in 2011 is consistent with the fundamental trends we saw last year. Revenue trends, while still down, have been stable the last three quarters, particularly when you adjust for the third quarter 2010 sale of our local Japan assets. But there are some encouraging signs. Strategic business services, revenues from products such as ethernet, VPNs and application services were up almost 19%, our strongest quarter in more than two years. This drove business IP revenues up more than 8%, once again, led by the growth in VPNs. These results continued trends we have seen throughout this downturn. Consistent investment in strategic business solutions and IP data, services that help drive productivity and efficiency. This has transformed our business wireline revenue mix. Data and other growth areas such as Managed Services now comprise 61% of our revenues, up 200 basis points in the past year. We expect the shift to continue as more and more businesses move to the cloud and IP-based solutions, areas where we are well-positioned. We also continue to execute well. Operating expenses are improving, helping drive margin expansion. So there are some encouraging signs. Any economic improvement would be beneficial as we have not built an economic turnaround into our expectations this year. Now, let's look at margins and cash flow. Consolidated margin comparisons are on Slide 14. For the first quarter, margins were up sequentially but down from a year ago at 18.6%. On the wireless side, this reflects a couple of things. Merger integration and related costs that Ralph mentioned and significantly higher smartphone sales. Our Wireline operating income margin was 11.5% in the first quarter, down slightly from the first quarter last year. We remain focused on cost initiatives throughout the company as evidenced by the total force reductions of almost 6,000 this quarter. This helped offset margin pressure from declines in voice revenues and storm-related expenses that occurred in the last -- in the first quarter. Our commitment to operate as One At&T continues to deliver financial benefits as we consolidate and integrate wireless and wireline operations. And as we talked about operational efficiencies and simplify product offerings, we have continuing opportunities for cost savings. These initiatives are going well and help us sustain solid margins while also serving customers with a best-in-class operation. Along with solid margins, we also continue to deliver a strong free cash flow. Our cash flow summary is on Slide 15. In the first quarter, cash from operations totaled $7.7 billion. Capital expenditures totaled $4.2 billion, with more than 50% year-over-year increase in our wireless capital to reach $1.9 billion. Free cash flow before dividends was $3.6 billion, and we made a dividend payment this quarter for $2.5 billion. In terms of other uses of our cash, we reduced debt by more than $1 billion in the first quarter and debt is down almost $4.5 billion over the past 12 months. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio is now at 1.53. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow continue to give us the flexibility to invest in the business through both capital improvements and strategic acquisitions, while also returning substantial value to shareholders. With that, I will now turn it back to Rick for closing comments.
John Stephens: Thanks, Mike. This is John. A couple of things with regard to the Enterprise space revenues. After taking into account the sale of our Japanese local asset business, we did see the stabilization and the trend. I think for us, it's the movement towards the IP and the strategic services which is helping us trend that. We have not planned for an economic turnaround, but, as that occurs, we will see those trends improve throughout this year and into next year. And I guess our viewpoint would be that we would hope for positive revenue in that area in 2012. On a longer-term basis, we believe it to be a GDP or GDP-plus type business. On the small business side, the opportunities there are really in the data side in our IP DSLAM strategy, where we've got about 50% of our central office covered with the IP DSLAM capabilities, which is allowing us to provide some really competitive products in the data area. When you combine that with our unique position to provide mobile services, we believe we are seeing some traction in the small business area. But that has been tempered by the fact that business formations in that space are just really challenged right now. That's an economic matter that, I think, any participant in the market is dealing with. Lastly, on the wholesale side, we just continue to see challenges on all aspects of that business as our customers continue to trim their networks and look for efficiency. And that's an area that we'll continue to focus on as we go forward.
John Stephens: Greg, this is John Stephens. On the first issue you had with the margins, quantifying the first quarter storm-related cost over time, maintenance repairs and some of the payroll tax issues, it's about 100 basis points or about $150 million. And so, we would expect that's included in this first quarter, and we would expect things to improve and grow margins going forward. Couple of other things that you were seeing that we're dealing with is with growth in our U-verse business, while very positive and a good story and good overall growth, brings with it some lower margins from our legacy products. I think you're familiar with that. But we do expect to see continued improvement in margins throughout the year. I'll hand the other question over to Ralph.
Rick Lindner: Thank you, John. Let me recap the quarter on Slide 16. First, we're off to a good start for the year, with solid revenue growth in both wireless and consumer wireline and stability in our business markets. Second, we had another very strong wireless quarter, a performance that was particularly satisfying when you consider the challenges we faced. We told you last quarter that we expected positive contract subscriber growth for the year, even with the introduction of another carrier for the iPhone. And we delivered on that outlook in the very first quarter. When you add in record first quarter net adds, strong sales of branded computing subscribers and higher postpaid ARPU, you can understand our confidence in the mobile broadband strategy and mobile broadband opportunity. We're also very pleased with the continued transformation of our Wireline business. In fact, fast-growing data and video services now exceed voice revenues in Wireline, thanks to U-verse and continued strong growth in strategic business services. And our financial strength and cash flow remain strong, allowing us to return value to shareholders as we continue to invest in our business. So we're off to a good start to the year, with solid first quarter operating results and a positive long-term outlook for the business. Brooks that concludes our prepared remarks. I think we're ready to take some questions.
Rick Lindner: Mike, this is Rick. I think just a couple of points I'd add, on the wholesale side and the wholesale numbers you're looking at, I think as we kind of disclose the breakdown of our business segments, we include, we group wholesale along with federal and government, education and medical segments of the business. And so if you just look at our pure wholesale portion of the business, we've seen some improvement there. And, in fact, we've seen some nice results driven to a large degree by providing Ethernet transport to cell sites for other carriers, but we are seeing some weakness in the government areas of the business. On the federal side, federal revenues are still growing year-over-year. But the growth rate in this quarter declined, and I think, at least to some degree, that has to do with budget issues in Washington that are causing different agencies to tighten their belts a little bit. And that, of course, in the state area, the budget pressures there are having an impact. But wholesale by itself is moving along pretty well. When you put it all together, our expectation as we go forward in this year, will be to see improvement in the revenue trends on a year-over-year basis, and we expect to see that as we move into the second, third and fourth quarters. I think the extent of that improvement and, certainly, the point in time when we get back to positive revenue growth in business is heavily dependent on the strength of the economy as we go forward in the balance of this year.
Rick Lindner: Mike, I think the majority of the cost increase and, certainly, the majority of the margin impact that you see year-over-year in our results is related to the smartphone sales and the increase in those smartphone sales year-over-year. What we're seeing in the businesses is two factors that are impacting margins. One is higher upgrade levels. So those overall volumes in upgrades are higher, and then we're seeing a significant mix shift out of lower-end devices, some lower-end feature phones and even versus what we've seen the last couple of years, a lower mix in lower-end quick messaging devices toward smartphones. Now, obviously, there's some upfront costs to that. We believe there's significant advantages to that. Advantages in terms of customer satisfaction and churn advantages, significant advantages in ARPU, even when you go from a quick messaging device to a smartphone, there's a significant ARPU benefit there. But the actual cost by device depend on the individual smartphones that you're selling, because those devices, as well, vary by device in terms of subsidy. But let me just leave it with the majority of that cost increase had to do with additional subsidies related to smartphones, along with -- obviously, we're putting a lot of investment into the network to handle the volumes and the traffic that we're seeing. And when you put that additional investment in, it increases our costs associated with cell sites and cell site leases, equipment maintenance. There's a lot of trailing expenses, all the backhaul associated with it, and so those are the two areas where we're seeing some cost increases, and the cost increases in the network side associated, is really associated with volumes and revenues. And it's not having as significant an impact on the overall margin percentage. But the smartphone penetration, the upgrade volumes and so forth, is having more of an impact there. And that's something Ralph and his team are working very hard on in terms of as we go forward, managing those levels and managing cost to drive margin improvement as we go forward in this year.
Rick Lindner: No. If you look at depreciation itself, year-over-year depreciation itself was up slightly as you would expect. Amortization was down and that was simply merger-related amortization primarily in wireless but actually both in wireless and wireline that, that's just falling off. Within the depreciation categories, I think we did have a small decline in depreciation in the Wireline business but was more than offset by increases in wireless. And on a net basis, consolidated, there was a small increase in depreciation.
Rick Lindner: I got it, John, and I was just teasing you. In terms of wireless margins, and what we expect going forward, we do expect wireless margins to improve going forward in the year. One of the pressures as we talked about we had this quarter was with the migration, primarily the Alltel and to some degree, the Centennial customer bases on to our network and our systems. And in order to make that migration because they're coming largely from another technology, we had to replace handsets, and there's a cost and subsidy associated with that. The first this quarter was from a margin standpoint the peak of that impact. We will see some impact going into the second quarter, but it will be less than what we saw this first quarter. And that migration, for all practical purposes, will be complete by the end of the second quarter. And so we'll see a natural increase in margins as we go forward due to that change. In addition to that, as I mentioned earlier, there's a number of initiatives we are working to drive margin expansion and better margins in the wireless business. You saw us across the company reduce force pretty significantly this quarter, nearly 6,000. And some of that benefit will flow into the wireless business. And, certainly, it will benefit overall margins. But going forward, the individual quarter results can be impacted by specific product launches in those quarters. And obviously, the volume of smartphone sales and the volume of upgrades will impact individual quarters. But to your point, we do expect wireless margins to improve, and our expectations and our planning still move wireless margins into the mid-40s that we talked with you about on a longer-term basis. With that, folks, if I can, let me offer just a couple of closing comments. First off, we entered this quarter and this year with some questions and some uncertainty, primarily related to the change in iPhone exclusivity and the impacts that it would have on our business. And as Ralph said in his remarks, hopefully, we've answered those questions. Was there an impact from another carrier launching the iPhone? Well, the answer to that is yes, there was. We saw a very small increase in postpaid churn, and we saw a slight decline in overall flow share. But the impacts were significantly less than many in the financial community and the media expected. And frankly, the impacts were less than we expected. And we continue to grow our postpaid base. We continue to grow our iPhone base. We continue to grow postpaid ARPU and had significant growth in wireless data revenues. And I think that speaks to several things. I think it speaks, first of all, to the strength of our postpaid customer base and those specific customer relationships. I think it speaks to the ability of Ralph de la Vega's team to execute a plan and to compete in the marketplace. And I think it also speaks to the strength of our wireless data network and our franchise overall. This quarter's results give us a base to build from and momentum for growth as we move into the second quarter and into the balance of this year. And beyond 2011, we look forward to closing our acquisition of T-Mobile and to delivering all of the benefits and all of the promise of a strong, nationwide wireless broadband network to our customers, to the nation and to our shareholders. One last thing before we end the call, as all of you kindly mentioned in your questions, I have announced my retirement, and this is my last earnings call with you. I would be remiss if I didn't tell you what a pleasure it's been working with all the talented analysts and owners who have followed our company over the years. It's been an honor to have this position, and I know I'm leaving it in the very best of hands, with John Stephens and the rest of the AT&T team. And on behalf of that team, we want to tell you once again how much we appreciate your participation on these calls. And as always, we want to thank you for your interest in AT&T. And with that, I'll hand it back to our conference operator, John, to close out the call today.
Ralph de la Vega: Sure, Simon. Our LTE rollout is on track and continues to move at the same pace prior to the announcement of the T-Mobile transaction. We're planning to commercially launch our service mid-year, and we plan to cover 70 million to 75 million POPs by the end of the year. Our network team is working around the clock doing the necessary modifications and building the network. We've got handsets and devices ready to go, so we're really excited. What I'm really excited about is we had a very good first quarter, and that we have not yet turned up our LTE capabilities. So I expect that future quarters, when we have that capability in hand, will even give us better momentum.
Ralph de la Vega: The network performance today, Simon, is getting better. You know, we've got the nation's fastest network, and it keeps getting faster. We saw an increase in national broadband speeds over the last six months. We've had solid improvement in voice metrics thus far this year, and we improved both voice retainability and voice accessibility. The only concern we have with network is the long-term capacity constraints that we face with Spectrum. And as you know, that's one of the things that will hopefully be relieved with the T-Mobile transaction.
Ralph de la Vega: Yes, let me add a couple of thoughts, John, on that same subject and then I'll talk a little bit about our prepaid. One of the interesting things in the quarter to add to what Rick has said is that our momentum for sales actually increased throughout the quarter. What we saw happen early in January, when the iPhone was announced to go to another carrier, is customers took notice, waited to see what was going to happen and once they compared, and they understood that on our network the iPhone works faster, that it has simultaneous voice and data, and it works in over 220 countries, I think they made their choice, and we saw that increase in the February and March timeframe. So we're very pleased with the momentum. I think the customers understand the trade-offs, and they're making their choices. And I'm very, very pleased that our marketing message got through, and that we maintain and actually grew momentum throughout the quarter. In terms of prepaid, we continue to look at a number of things in prepaid. You probably saw that we just announced our first smartphone on prepaid with LG. It's a low-end smartphone on the prepaid market. We think that there is the same level of interest in that market for data in a prepaid product. So we've launched it, and we think we have high hopes that, that will stimulate prepaid demand. But we continue to look at all or other kinds of aspects of the prepaid business to grow it, but to grow it profitably.
Ralph de la Vega: David, the thing that is driving ARPU is our fundamental strategy to continue to move customers into smartphones with higher revenue data plans. So what we did this quarter, which worked extremely well, was to offer customers lower our price options to get into a smartphone, not just from the point of view of the price plans but also the device pricing. The iPhone 3GS at $49 is selling very well. We also have the HTC Inspire and the Motorola Atrix, two brand-new Android devices that are selling very, very well. So what you see, are people that are stepping up from quick-messaging devices and feature phones and stepping up to the higher data plans, and that's what's driving ARPU.
Ralph de la Vega: I think that the integrated device penetration stayed approximately about the same level as we did last quarter. So we increased smartphones to integrated devices that are approximately the same level as they did last quarter, and we grew the overall smartphone base at the same time. So that's very positive for us.
Ralph de la Vega: Greg, in terms of consumer versus Enterprise, we've had very good success on the Enterprise side, both in CRUs and IRUs. Our customers in the Enterprise side, of course, are just following this wave of growth that we're seeing with smartphones and, specifically, tablets. So we're very pleased with their results, and they complement the growth that we have seen in the consumer markets. So all that other metrics that we've talked about, overall, are doing as well or maybe a little bit better on the Enterprise side. So we're very, very happy with the Enterprise results. In terms of the porting ratios, porting ratios since the beginning of the year and through the iPhone released to another competitor have actually gone up after our customers made their choices and started re-upping the contracts and signing up in what turns out to be a record quarter for smartphone sales. So we're very pleased with the performance of our Enterprise business, and we're also very pleased with the uptick in the porting ratios that we have seen subsequent to the launch.
Ralph de la Vega: Jason, this is Ralph. And, yes, what happened with momentum, it was, holistically, wasn't just to one specific device. What we really liked is that we had good momentum from the iPhone portfolio but we also had some terrific momentum from the new Android portfolio. The sales of Android devices with the Motorola Atrix and the HTC Inspire, our brand new Android devices are off to a very good start. So we saw great impact on momentum from our iPhone portfolio but, also, the Android portfolio was very strong as were other devices. And so, holistically, it was a very strong quarter. Once the customers got over the load of what to expect, they saw what the competitor had, and they made their choices. So I feel very, very strong about that. When it comes to ARPU, I feel even better because we have just begun to roll out the 4G Android devices, and we know we have LTE coming in the middle of the year and in the second half of the year, Jason. So my expectation is once customers get to see the mobile broadband strategy that AT&T has, where you're going to get a great LTE experience with these new devices, but then you're going to fall back to our HSPA+ capabilities so that the transition from high-speed of LTE to high-speed of HSPA+ is almost seamless, is something they're going to love. That to us means higher ARPU, more data usage, and we feel very strongly that we're on the right path, promoting the right products. And with the network capabilities we're going to have by the end of the year, I feel it puts us in an even better position that we are in this quarter.
