Randall L. Stephenson: On the prepaid platform, we've been rather transparent about the prepaid area in terms of when you're spectrum-constrained, you get really focused on the markets you want to pursue. And we have obviously been very, very focused on the high end of the market. And the beauty of T-Mobile was it not only came with spectrum, which would allow for some efficiencies, but then a prepaid platform that allowed you to move down market. As we're getting more and more of a better performance out of our network and as we move to LTE and begin to free up some of the 3G spectrum, this is probably an area that we'll look to for growth, Simon. In fact, we have a lot of work going on in this right now. I wouldn't expect or I wouldn't have you expect to see that in the next 6 months, but when you look at the next 12 to 24 months, prepaid will obviously become a focus for us especially when you think in terms of mobile data because, mobile data, that's probably an underserved area where that segment of the market does not have a robust data offering in a prepaid environment. So that will be a focus as we begin to mine out some capacity as we move to LTE. In terms of the underperforming assets, you hit a couple of areas. Obviously, we just took a rather large charge in our directory operations to reflect a lot of the current comparable pricing in the market for those types of assets. That's one area that we're going to obviously take a very hard look at. And while I don't want to give any indication of M&A activity, it's one of these areas where we're going to have to decide: Do we keep it, or do we restructure it as we move forward? So the other being rural access lines, we have been apprehensive on moving, doing anything on rural access lines because the issue here is, do you have a broadband product for rural America? And we've all been trying to find a broadband solution that was economically viable to get out to rural America and we're not finding one to be quite candid. The best opportunity we have is LTE and we were obviously rather excited about the opportunity to use LTE to get it to rural America with the T-Mobile transaction. That having been set aside, now we're looking at rural America and asking, what's the broadband solution? We don't have one right now. So you'll see some activity and some structuring changes over the next couple of months that will provide some idea in terms of where we're headed. We're going to have to either completely restructure those businesses. The cost structure has to change, not only the wage and benefit cost structure but just the cost structure associated with the technology, legacy TDM infrastructure out there. And leaving them as they are, they'll continue to be underperforming assets so we're going to have to make some fundamental changes, and there's more to come on that. But as I said, the next 12 to 24 months will bring more clarity to that, but these are areas that we as a company have to address in short order.
Randall L. Stephenson: Yes, okay, John, what I'd tell you is the immediate time frame. In terms of through our LTE deployment through 2013, I feel really good about where we are. We've got sufficient spectrum to get us through LTE deployment. And then, as you to begin to transition off your 3G networks to LTE, it'll buy you some more time in using data [ph] solutions and Wi-Fi solutions. But when you kind of look out and span the horizon or scan the horizon, there are no secrets. Everybody knows where the spectrum resides and who is holding it. Our biggest issue isn't identifying it and pursuing it. Our biggest issue is understanding what we're allowed to do. And we're literally sitting here in a situation where we don't know how much spectrum we're allowed to hold, who we're allowed to do business with and so forth. That was the basis of my comments in the opening session. We've just gone through a process where we tried to get a transaction approved and the FCC came out with a report and said that we exceeded the spectrum caps in over 200 markets. You can imagine how surprised we were to read that until you've read deeper into the report and realized they had changed the spectrum screens. It might have been nice to have known they were going to change those spectrum screens ahead of time, but that is what it is. Then literally, a couple of weeks later, they approve our acquisition of the Qualcomm spectrum, and in reading the report, they evaluated it using the old spectrum caps. So we're literally sitting here in a situation where we don't know what spectrum caps are going to apply from one transaction to the next. So our first issue is not identifying which spectrum we go after but identifying what the rules are. How will these transactions be evaluated? Who are we allowed to do business with and who are we not allowed to do business with? In terms of the frequencies that we're interested in, it's no surprise. We tend to favor the lower band, the 700-megahertz spectrum. We have a very, very good position in that particular location so we obviously have a lot of interest in the spectrum that resides down there. We've done a number of transactions in that particular area since the auctions occurred in 2007, so that's obviously an important area for us. AWS is obviously a good area for us to operate. We've launched our LTE network in the Chicago area on the AWS spectrum, that frequency, and it's performing quite nicely. So those would obviously be the priorities, but again, that's, the who and the what is not the question. It's what can we do and what are we allowed to do, it's the real question for us right now.
Randall L. Stephenson: Sure, Michael. On the network quality side, wireless network quality, with T-Mobile behind us, we're back to blocking and tackling, if you will, and that means reinitiating significant sales splits. So we had a sales split strategy that was on hold till we got to the T-Mobile transition. So we're back to doing sales splits. We continue to go very, very aggressively on distributing the antenna system solutions and so going inside of buildings and lighting up buildings from the inside, Wi-Fi solutions, all of these, we just continue. And there's no new science here per se. Obviously, additional spectrum, where we can pick it up, is another part of the equation so you'll continue to see us be aggressive there. We have, I think we had some transactions approved by the FCC last week, but before last week, we had 8 transactions sitting in front of the FCC waiting for approval so we can begin investing. So you'll just continue to see us do a lot of the typical blocking and tackling. And you'll also see us, in markets where we've launched LTE, be very aggressive in migrating customers to the LTE platform. And if you're buying today an Android smartphone by -- from AT&T, you're probably buying an LTE-equipped handset, so as we turn up LTE in any of these markets, you're just inherently on the LTE network. So that obviously facilitates getting us the capacity relief that we need, as well. So it's going to be a number of initiatives. In terms of the business services side, what's driving it, again, there's no big secrecy here. VPNs are a huge part of this. Our business customers are moving aggressively to VPN solutions and we continue to run mid-teen type growth rates on VPN. The other is Ethernet, and native Ethernet solutions, whether to businesses, or a really big business opportunity for us right now is deploying this to cellular companies. Wireless companies are buying Ethernet to the sales side aggressively, as we told you. We now have 80% of our mobile broadband traffic on native Ethernet. All mobile companies are trying to get there as fast as they can. We think we're way ahead of the game in this regard. The benefits from it are dramatic in terms of the throughput increases you see by getting that backhaul infrastructure in place on Ethernet. So we're seeing big opportunities there and then lots of opportunities in terms of new application services that are riding on top. Once you put the VPN in place, customers are buying more and more applications and services that ride on top of that whether it be videoconferencing, telepresence and so forth, so we're having a lot of success there. So you put it all together, we continue to get 17%-type growth from these strategic businesses and service. That's helping offset the migration that we're seeing from a lot of the legacy products, as you said. So traditional voice continues to be in decline, as you would guess. Traditional data services, and really, they are somewhat flat, but data is growing in spite of flat legacy data services. So all in, we're feeling really good about the business side of the house. What I would remind you is that these strategic services are growing at this 17% clip and what we're seeing is still a very sluggish economy. I mean, this is not a high-growth economy. These businesses tend to invest in telecom as they hire people. These businesses have not been hiring but our spend from these companies and these services are growing. What we're hopeful for, and we're seeing some signs, just very kind of faint signs, but we're seeing some signs that maybe there's some economic tailwinds here. If we get those, then we think there's some serious upside to our business side of the house and business revenue growth.
Randall L. Stephenson: I guess what I would suggest is, while we've had margin pressures as we've gone deeper and deeper into the smartphone category, they continue to be high-NPV product categories. And in fact, the ARPUs are significantly higher than traditional mobile-phone-type capabilities. And to think that we're getting to 57% penetration of our smartphone base -- or of our postpaid base, excuse me, with smartphones and keeping margins in that 40% range, to penetrate that deeply and keep margins at this 40% range, I actually think is better than I might have hoped for. I -- it was a while before we had expectations that 80% of our sales would be in smartphone categories. But to sell 80% of all of your sales being smartphones and keep margins in this 40% range for the year, I, actually I'm not too disappointed with that. And I think it's going to prove to be a terrific platform for us because here's what we're seeing, Mike, and that is, you get a customer on smartphone and then you get a customer with FamilyTalk plans or family plans on smartphones and the smartphone becomes the platform for the new services that we're now selling. Somebody buys a tablet and puts their tablet on a 3G or 4G network. That customer puts that device on the same network as their smartphone. So we think it's going to prove to be a very important platform as we move forward. That's why we're not shying away from continuing to pursue this market. We have done some things where we've tightened up the upgrade policy to try to begin to manage the cost of the upgrades in this particular base. But all things considered, I'm pleased with the smartphone category and we'll continue to do things to tighten up margins as we go forward. We also took some actions during the course of this year that had an effect on our ARPU, and we believe it's going to prove to be a temporary effect on our ARPU, and that is, with 2011 being the year when we first had competition for the iPhone, we made some strategic moves. We introduced unlimited mobile-to-mobile calling if you had an unlimited text plan. That proved to be a very sticky move from a pricing standpoint, but it's had a negative effect on ARPU over a couple of quarters. We're seeing that stabilize now. We don't expect to continue to see that dilution on ARPU as we move forward, but that did have an effect this year that we think is largely behind us, and as we move to 2012, it should not continue to suppress ARPUs. But all in, it continue to be a bull, a big-time bull in the smartphone category and iPhones in general.
Randall L. Stephenson: Without a doubt. And well, you're seeing it from the phenomenon you just described, and that is, young people, it's almost uncool to talk on a phone, right? I mean texting and messaging are keys. But, and so that has had its effect. But also, when we did go to mobile-to-mobile calling, this will tell you how efficient these markets are, but people began to immediately, particularly in small business, small businesses immediately rightsized their plans to reflect the mobile-to-mobile calling feature. And so we did see a step-down very quickly, but as I mentioned, we're beginning to see that mitigate.
Randall L. Stephenson: Okay. In terms of the regulatory environment, Jason, I would tell you there is one thing that could be done in very, very short order that would kind of lift the veil or cloud of uncertainty surrounding a lot of this, and that is, Congress passes legislation initiating the auctions and it's very prescriptive to the FCC in terms of what the FCC's role is in the auctions. And the House has a bill that is, has been drafted and it accomplishes exactly that. The FCC is obviously contesting that language. I think the chairman made a speech the week after the holidays, the chairman of the FCC, where he said he needed the rules to be fluid. My interpretation is these rules are so fluid you can drink out of them with a straw right now. So what we need from Congress is prescriptive legislation on how these auctions should be performed. And the language is presently in the current House bill. If that bill were to get passed, I think it starts to lift the veil of uncertainty surrounding the industry. In terms of upgrade policy, Jason, what you're articulating and discussing is the indication of an incredibly competitive environment in the mobility world. And I think what you're beginning to see is the smartphone market is maturing a bit, and as it matures, I think you'll begin to see different behavior among all the players. I probably can't go much further than that, but our -- as I've said at the very beginning, I feel like we have about as much visibility into the future as we have had in quite some time, so that intimates a certain degree of predictability that has not been there before. And we'll see. We've built our plans and our margin expectations around selling a comparable number of smartphones as we did in 2011, so 25 million. Will there be some new iconic device that nobody anticipated come out during the course of the year? Perhaps. But I do think 25 million sales is probably a reasonable expectation for us. And if we can get, if we do a 25 million sales level, then a 40% margin is probably an achievable level.
Randall L. Stephenson: Yes, as it relates to them selling cable products, it's interesting. It was obviously, their footprints don't overlap so much and so I don't know. I think it'll be interesting to see how the FCC deals with it. It appears to me to be a logical transaction. I obviously will be watching very closely because, again, it's, hopefully it's one more data point on what the spectrum screens really are, which if it does nothing, it should give us some clarity on what we're able to do as we move forward. So we won't be a participant in terms of comments or anything on this, just watching as a very interested bystander, hopefully getting some indication on what it means for us in terms of what we're able to do.
Randall L. Stephenson: Yes, so 57% smartphone penetration. As we said, sales, smartphones represented 80% of our sales. So every time we peg what the penetration rate will get to, it seems like the percentage of sales moves up another notch. And so we think we still have quite a ways to run in terms of smartphone penetration and you continue, we'll continue to see ARPU lift as we penetrate smartphones more and more into the base. Also, I believe that what you're seeing right now, 1.4% postpaid ARPU growth, I believe you'll see that accelerate next year as we work through some of our unlimited mobile-to-mobile calling price changes. So we think we'll see some ARPU lift in terms of the growth rate, going into next year, so that will be very important. And then again, as I mentioned, I'm absolutely convinced the smartphone is a platform. And the customer that you hold with the smartphone is the customer that you will sell the tablet, is the customer that you will sell connected devices, is the customer you will sell home monitoring capabilities. We -- I just really believe that it's becoming more and more a factor in terms of, or a platform in terms of further penetration in mobile data and that's why we're going so aggressively on LTE. And then we haven't really begun to broach business mobility and business mobility in terms of applications. I think we're very early in the cycle in terms of businesses mobilizing all aspects of what they do, whether it be sales force automation or imaging, and there's just so many applications that businesses are just starting to get their hands around that will become a significant driver of growth. So I'm feeling pretty good that we have a long way to run in terms of growth in the mobile broadband infrastructure. You're seeing us invest heavily. We'll continue to invest, again, getting to LTE 80% coverage by 2013 and we just think it's going to be a terrific opportunity. So with that, I, we're going to close. And I want to thank everybody for taking part. As I said, 2012, we've probably got the best visibility we've had in quite some time. Our growth engines are on track. It is being led, as you heard by our comments and your questions on this call, by mobile broadband. The key for us is spectrum. We need the FCC and Congress to get us, to open up and get us to a point of open auctions, and that needs to be done as soon as possible. We're committed to making sure that AT&T is structured for growth. We're going to look at low-growth and nonstrategic assets and make some decisions over the next few months. And given this environment, we'll begin significant share repurchases and we'll do that immediately. So we're looking forward to a good 2012. Thank you, again, for joining us, and we'll talk you later. Thank you.
John Joseph Stephens: Mike, with regard to your question with regard to the 2012 expectations, 2 points on smartphone sales with an iPhone refresh: We do have smartphone sales flat compared to '11 in our expectations and that is in a 25-million-unit level, which is a record for us. So we did assume that we would have that same level again, and that's after we've fully implemented during this year our new handset upgrade policy so that also takes into account some growth opportunities.
John Joseph Stephens: I'm sorry. We're going to -- we -- the annual run rate for the smartphones in 2011 was $25 million and we have plans that assume we're going to stay at that level for the year in 2012. It just may be mixed differently by quarter. That, in my opinion, is a significant number particularly since we'll have the new upgrade policy fully implemented this year.
John Joseph Stephens: So I directly expect revenue to grow for the entire year, for the overall. Whether it occurs fully in the first quarter or it occurs later, it will occur for the full year. We expect revenues to grow. Secondly, there are additional cost opportunities and savings opportunities. We've gone a tremendous distance in getting our One AT&T initiatives and other cost efficiencies in place, but there's always, as one of my peers would say, there's always more, and we're going to continue to work for that more. We do have a headwind of continued legacy product challenges, and so those cost savings may go to offset that. And finally, as we've mentioned here previously, we're not assuming a significant lift, a measurable lift at all from the economy. And as such, if we had that lift, there would be an opportunity to perform better than what we've expected.
John Joseph Stephens: Jason, one thing, if I could add, Jason, one point I'd make is, as we go through this transition in our network and the ability to provide LTE, one aspect of this refresh process, as Randall mentioned, that doesn't get loss on is we really don't necessarily have to give much in the way of  financial incentives to get our customers, as this was clearly shown in the fourth quarter, to get them to go to the latest technology. So we have an opportunity to shift dramatic levels of traffic to LTE. Also, as the industry all begins to fall into a similar situation with us with regard to wireline, wireless handset subsidies and cost and structure, we would hopefully expect that everyone would act rationally in the process.
John Joseph Stephens: First of all, on the wireless margins, the expectations I mentioned, 40% were for the full year. We'll see how the different quarters go because of volumes and new handset issuances and so forth, but the comment was intended for the year. With regard to the consumer revenues, a couple of things I think I'd point out to you. We've got the U-verse build complete or essentially complete. And we'll continue to do a little bit more here and there, but we've passed 30 million homes so now we have a full 30-million-home capability to sell into so we have opportunities to continue that growth. I think we mentioned that there was 16% penetration in our eligible living units, and in those that are longer than 36 months, we're more like 25%. The other piece of that is we're having tremendous results with our high-speed U-verse-type broadband, not only in consumer but in small business. And so those opportunity to sell into more U-verse markets and that continued push on high-speed Internet and attach rates for VoIP give me optimism over continuing to have a good performance in consumer. With that being said, we are expecting even better performance in business. And they've proven it, they've shown it. The strategic services give us factual support for that thought process.
