Pascal Desroches: Phil, I appreciate the question. Maybe let's start. With regard to the $14 billion for this year, the simple way to think about it, we delivered $3.8 billion this quarter. And that is when we spent $6.8 billion in capital. Next quarter, we reiterated our guide for the full year of $24 billion. So next quarter, that would suggest around $4.5 billion.  And so you do the simple math, that gets you exactly where you need to get to for the full year. And as a general matter as well, the fourth quarter -- the back half of the year, we always convert at a higher rate than the first half of the year. So all in all, great line of sight.  In terms of next year, you mentioned the macros. That is the very reason why we are not providing updated guidance right now, and we're going to stick to our -- what we communicated last quarter in that we'll update you at year-end when we report our fourth quarter results.  With that said, as you heard from my prepared remarks, we expect EBITDA and cash to grow next -- free cash flow to grow next year. In fact, if we just look at this past quarter, we grew cash from continuing ops nearly 10%. So it's really strong growth -- organic growth from the business, and this is exactly what we anticipated coming into the year.  What are the factors that are going to drive improved earnings and cash next year? Mobility. Our mobility business is performing much better than we expected coming into the year. Subscriber base is bigger than we anticipated, and ARPU trends are better.  Two, fiber. Again, fiber is performing really well. and the mix shift that we're seeing to fiber comes with higher profit margins, higher ARPU. So that's also expected -- Consumer Wireline is expected to grow next year. We should see some moderation in the overall Business Wireline trends because of the cost efforts that we are undertaking. And then you layer on top of that things like transformation savings, more broadly, starting to fall to the bottom line as our investments begin to have a peak and begin to dissipate over time.  So -- and lower interest is another factor to keep in mind as we delever. And then all that is going to be partially offset by higher cash taxes. Magnitude, I'd say, is consistent with what we've previously guided, and then slightly less DTV distributions.  All in all, we feel really good about the trajectory of the business. And when you look at an annual dividend commitment of $8 billion and a growing free cash flow, the model is working exactly as we anticipated.
Pascal Desroches: Okay. In terms of, first, the interest rate environment. One of the things that we did, Dave, over the last 2, 3 years is to really reconstruct our maturity towers and took advantage of historically low interest rates we were seeing coming out of the pandemic. As a result, right now, we have a debt tower -- a series of debt outstanding that are yielding around 4% on average, and 95% of it is fixed. And if you look at our maturities over the next several years, our free cash flows after dividend could largely handle those.  In the instance that there are slightly higher towers, we can always roll on a short-term basis. But what we've done is we've reconstructed the way we are managing capital such that we can really continue to delever over the next several years without any meaningful need to go out to the market to raise debt. So that interest rate.  In terms of pension mark-to-market, in terms of pension, big picture from a cash standpoint. For the foreseeable future, let's talk the next decade, there's probably no need to fund the pension plan. Now with that said, there is, with the discount rate coming down, we've had some -- going up, we've had some big gains that we normalized out of our reported earnings. On a -- going through next year, I would expect higher pension expense because of the fact that now we have -- we're going to be discounting at higher interest rates.  But all in all, those are noncash pieces that, when we think about the long-term profile of operating this company, the fact -- what's most important to us is that there is no need to go fund the pension plan for the foreseeable future. And in terms of the DISH MVNO, it's not a meaningful contributor this year. We would anticipate, as we look out the next several years, it should ramp up. And we feel really good about the overall arrangement with this.
Pascal Desroches: And Kannan, on free cash flow, as I said earlier, we're not updating our guidance for 2023. But what I did say, we're over 3/4 of the way through this year. And based upon our view of where the macros and all the potential risk, we expect this business to grow both earnings and free cash next year and for all the reasons I articulated earlier on.  And in terms of just the broader macros, look, we're not immune to them. But these businesses are generally more resilient even in an economic stress situation. So overall, I mean, that's -- we'll give you an update next year.
John Stankey: Brett, I appreciate the question. Certainly, a bigger fiber footprint allows us to improve our relative net add performance in broadband. I think the short answer to your question is, for the next several quarters, we'll be in this dance around, what I would call, at least on the subscriber counts, something close to near 0.  But you ought to understand, as Pascal just indicated to you, our yields on fiber customers are, of course, much better than our copper customers. Combination of ARPU, churn characteristics and, frankly, the operating performance profile, which, I know you've observed that there's still room for our margin expansion in the Consumer Wireline business and that we should be looking at that relative to others in the industry.  And I think that's an accurate observation over time as we continue to scale the business, that we'll continue to improve profitability in it. But we still have several quarters of working through the dynamic of getting the legacy dynamics out of the business and focusing on the new infrastructure and the growth, and that's a journey we're committed to. And I think you're seeing that it's got strong economic promise as we move through that and continue to increase the size of the fiber base.  I don't know that I could add a whole lot to you on your question about what we might think about in terms of doing other fiber builds that are out of our operating territory. First of all, I'm not going to acknowledge your comment specifically on some of the speculation that's shown up in the media. But I think I have shared most recently when I was in Arizona, and we were doing the work in Mesa, that we're evaluating it under many of the same sort of criteria and circumstances that we look at within our existing operating footprint.  Number one, can we go in and be the first fiber provider in that area? Two, do we believe it's a market where the brand is going to perform, and we'll get the rate and pace of penetration that we need to make an economic return on it? Three, can we build because of the dynamics around a particular municipality or area cost effectively and quickly with a relatively low overhead around that and get, what I would call, an operating scale in that geography that warrants the fixed cost infrastructure start-up? And then finally, do we think that there's some interplay in terms of having the asset and improving value in our wireless business as we operate in the area as well, and it marries into our distribution?  So to the extent that we found opportunities like that, that had as competitive returns is building in our region, I think the management team would have to evaluate those types of things and think about how it moves forward on them. And I would tell you, as I've indicated as well, that there will be some federal subsidy monies coming in, in places, and we should use that same set of criteria in that same model as we think about are there opportunities for us to pair our capital with possibly a public capital to open up opportunities that we might not have pursued otherwise.
John Stankey: Sure, Mike. Let me see if I can get at your first question. I think I understand what you're looking for. If I don't quite hit this, then feel free to follow up with me. But look, there's no 2 businesses are alike is the first thing I'd tell you. And so as you look at kind of how you would characterize the relative profitability of a business subscriber coming on, a lot depends on which segment you're looking at.  I would tell you, generally speaking, our highest ARPU dynamics tend to occur in the consumer market when you kind of look at what we're able to do in family plan structures and what occurs there. Our growth in business, still highly profitable growth, but under some constructs like what we are able to do with FirstNet approaches. As you would expect, people who buy at larger volume tend to get better rates.  And so you see that ultimately flow through, or maybe your ARPU dynamics around business are going to be a little bit less than what they might be in the consumer segment where people aren't able to buy at that kind of volume. Now having said that, you're looking at our overall ARPU trends, and you're seeing them improve and start to accrete and grow. And that's reflective of the fact that while we're doing very well in the business segment taking share, we're still growing ARPU in aggregate.  So despite those differences in the average ARPUs and what's occurring, we are still managing to grow that ARPU dynamic overall, and that's a healthy place for us to be right now. And as you've seen, our margin structure, relatively stable as we go through this quarter, and that's what's helping, of course, on some of the cash yields.  On the IoT side, look, our mainstay of profitability in IoT comes in vehicles. That really hasn't changed. I don't expect in the near term, over the course of what I would call the guidance and planning cycle, that that's going to demonstrably change moving forward. I think there's a good opportunity for us to find the next level of growth in automotive.  And I think we, given our strong position in that market today, are well positioned to continue to work in that regard. And I think, when you think about each vehicle out there and the intensity of communication that's going to occur, there's an opportunity for growth in that space to build on. And that's one of the most attractive areas that we'll continue to push in.  Do I think that over time that in the spaces of manufacturing and medical devices that there's also an IoT opportunity to develop that -- as we get beyond what I would call the planning and guidance cycle that we gave you? I do. But I don't think those are going to be the kind of thing that as we characterize an update for you for 2023 that you're going to see those factor in, in any meaningful way in kind of business-to-business revenues that you look at and say that their pattern changes overall. Hopefully, that's responsive to your questions, Mike. If you want to refine the first one, feel free to follow up here.
John Stankey: I do expect that's going to be the case because, as we shared with you, we have a number of dynamics going on and our distribution strategies that have driven that. And this is -- we keep saying it, I'm not sure it's fully being processed that our stance in the market and how we're offering in the market is not just driven by a promotional device stance. This is partly driven by -- we have managed to shift our distribution strategy and approach into the market, and we're doing better in these segments. And these are not sales that are necessarily being driven by people walking into stores, taking an upgrade on a device.  And that's why our overall profitability dynamics are shifting in the way they have been. And we've been able to give you some visibility to how that's occurring. And when we're successfully taking share in the public sector under things like FirstNet, and when there's affinity dynamics that start to work into that and the households of first responders, and when we're more effective at tuning our distribution in the mid part of the market for business than where we've historically been, you are going to see faster growth for us in the business segment. And I think the results speak for themselves on what we're able to bring in relative to the balance of the industry on that.
John Stankey: So Kannan, let me take the first part of your question, and then I'll let Pascal do some cleanup here. So first of all, what you should expect is that, over the life cycle of a build -- and I think we've been pretty clear on giving you insights into this. Let's call it, the first 30% of penetration goes relatively quickly, and the next 20% takes a little bit longer. And so it would be natural that as we build, that when you kind of get yourself to a 30% penetration rate, you're going to see that curve start to slow down a bit, and that's to be expected.  I think the biggest change that's occurred in penetration is how quickly we're getting to the 20% level versus historic numbers. And as we shared with you previously, we've kind of doubled our pace to penetration on the front end of that curve. And I've also shared with you that if you look at a typical return characteristic cash flow analysis of the investment of fiber, there are effectively 3 big things that drive that return dynamic and how effective the returns are, one of which is rate of penetration.  And when we did the original assumptions on kind of our fiber business case, we had a much more ratable and deliberate ramp into that first 30% of subscribers in the business case. And now what we managed to do is we managed to effectively take a year off the cycle to get to the 20% mark. That is a huge impact on accelerating cash flows to the front end of the business case.  And it has a meaningful impact on the characterization of returns, even if you don't increase the ultimate assumption of what the terminal penetration is. And so I would tell you, we've already kind of had success in that regard. We've characterized that for you. But we've not made any assumptions at that once you hit that 30% level that the back end is going to go any faster.  And so I think you're going to see a degree of penetration slowdown as we kind of hit that 30%, and that's to be expected. It's been historic. And that doesn't mean it's a bad thing. It just takes a little bit longer to kind of get to what I would call as the market norm and kind of stability of how we expect shares to be allocated between the various players in the market.  So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of sense on that. We don't publicly disclose the transfer rates and kind of what's going on there, Kannan. But look, you've got enough public information that we shared with you. I think you pretty well can conclude that if we're turning in the kind of numbers we're turning in, that there's got to be a meaningful percentage of that total fiber increase number that's coming from competitors in order to deliver the number.  And we watch it. We track it closely. I think both are good, right? Because what we know that any customer we move from legacy or embedded infrastructure over to fiber becomes a new established long-term customer with us. They're not going anywhere once we get them on fiber.  But most importantly, we don't turn in the kind of numbers we communicated to you this quarter, unless we're doing something that's moving share in the market. And we all know where that share has to come from. It's coming from -- in almost all cases, the embedded cable provider.
John Stankey: Frank, thanks for asking the quarterly question on what's sustainable. It was sustainable for another quarter, and that's been 2.5 years now. And I'll let you know next quarter if it's 2 years, 2.75 years. So I feel really comfortable with where we are. I think you're seeing the strategy play out. I look at where the market sits today, and I'll reiterate what I said earlier in the call. We're not the one out there with $1,000 for new iPhones right now.  We are at a different place than I believe both of our primary competitors. And I also characterized for you, you need to understand a lot of our growth is not coming from what we have as offers that we're communicating in the market. Mike's question is a really important question, looking at the consumer business mix.  And when we think about how we're spending our promotional dollars, I characterized for you in the Goldman conference that there's a lot of other aspects of promotion, how advertising gets done, how heavy you have to be to communicate your message.  If you're doing a more promotional stance, what you have to do in your channels to incent people to sell and change things, the formula and the mix we have is a very competitive formula and mix right now across consumer and business, across our mix of promotional strategies or distribution partners. And one should not just simply say, because the lead offer that's being communicated in mass advertising is x, ask whether or not that's sustainable. The question is, are our customer acquisition costs sustainable? You're seeing the profitability improvement. You're seeing the ARPU improvement, and I think that's a pretty sustainable equation.  I'm not going to comment on the fiber JV structure. I will make an observation, Frank. It's my duty to always keep my mind open to new ideas. It's my responsibility in running the business that if there's an opportunity for us to do something that's in our wheelhouse, that's in the strength of the capabilities that we have as a company, and it's core and foundational to our brand to try to ensure that we seize those opportunities and move forward on them.  We certainly have a past practice. The wireless business was built with partners. I think you should understand and look back, and we've done that effectively in the past. And things that we've done, and we've done it in a responsible way for shareholders, and it's been a means for us to think differently about how footprint expansion can be done. We've certainly used that kind of an approach before. We understand how the approach works. I think about it in aspects to all kinds of elements of our business, and I've got to keep an open mind to those things moving forward.
John Stankey: So well, I appreciate the question. First of all, I think it's important when you look at the disclosures and what we've given you for the quarter. As you know, there's always some onetime things that pop into a given quarter that drive the numbers. I think your overall characterization is accurate, which is we're improving the yields of the revenue growth and what falls to the bottom line on EBITDA.  I'm not going to suggest it's simply because we're going to get 6% revenue growth that we should expect that we're going to immediately get to 6% yields, but you've seen those yields improving each quarter. And we have a lot of confidence that, that's going to continue to occur, and it's consistent with the guidance that we've given moving through the balance of this year. And I think we have really good visibility for that improvement to happen. And there's a lot of factors that move into that, one of which is managing the cost structure more effectively.  In '23, look, I don't know exactly what the environment is going to be, and I'm not going to announce anything today in the market. We'll announce any of the changes we make in the market when it's time to change it. But when I look at the reality of the inflationary environment and understanding that in this kind of a rapid inflation environment, you need to manage the revenue side of the equation as well as you manage the cost side of the equation. The answer to that is yes. I think that's what a responsible management team does.  Exactly what lever we choose to pull will be an artifact of the environment we find ourselves in. But I can assure you, the team has sat down. And as we've looked at planning and as we prepare to give you guidance for the year, we'll ensure that we have the right options and levers available to us to adjust to that. And as I said, we've got to work both sides of that equation. But I'm not going to tell you today that -- a preannounced set of tactics or strategies around that, especially on things that are relative to how we price in the market.  On the content side, I don't think we've gotten any benefit, Walt, from content relative to the industry. We still have a lot of customers that get content bundled into their services, and we still view that as an important aspect of how we compete in the market. And as I think I shared last quarter, I would expect going forward that we'll have opportunities to incorporate content offerings in different ways into our portfolio.  We still view our relationship with Warner Bros., Discovery and HBO Max as being an important one, and it's been valuable and effective for us. But there's also others that could be worthwhile and beneficial to us. We're adjusting our strategies as we move into '23. I think you'll see some things adjust and change as we do that. So I think I'd say stay tuned.  I think you're going to see content and ancillary services continue to be part of the wireless bundle in the industry moving forward. I think we'll play in a prudent fashion in our overall promotional dynamic, as I said earlier, managing effectively as part of that overall cost structure. And it will allow us to do a number of flexible things now that we don't necessarily have a captive content engine, so to speak, under the umbrella of AT&T.
