Randall L. Stephenson: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Appreciate everybody joining us this morning. I'm going to be very brief before I hand it over to John Stephens. But this year's results, everybody knows, has had a lot of noise in them. We've had a significant amount of M&A. We've had a number of accounting rule changes imposed on us. And the third quarter was obviously particularly impacted by it being the first full quarter with WarnerMedia results in it. And just to cut through the clutter, what I typically would like to do is just go straight to the cash flows. And if you look at the cash flows for the quarter, I feel really good about the results. Our cash flow from operations was $12.3 billion for the quarter. That's up 14% year over year. And when you look at free cash flow, which is the cash available to pay dividends or pay down debt, that was a very healthy $6.5 billion, which is up 17% year over year. And if you get beneath that, there's just a couple of areas that I think are worthy of pointing out. First is Mobility, and Mobility is growing. And that's significant because it's obviously our largest contributor to earnings and cash flow. And what I'd really point out is that growth is being heavily driven by our Prepaid business, which is running red-hot. And I think we're seeing Cricket truly begin to distinguish itself in the marketplace. Then also when you look at WarnerMedia, all three divisions are growing. And WarnerMedia was immediately accretive in its first full quarter to the tune of $0.05 per share. These strong cash flows have put us on track to hit our deleveraging objectives, getting to 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA by year-end 2019. And John Stephens is going to go into this in more detail. But what you're going to see is that we're going to exit this year with our debt maturities over four years old that are going to be at a very comfortable level as we exit this year. And then last, we made a number of pricing moves on video. And we're getting near the end of our fiber build project, which is basically laying the foundation for stabilizing our broadband and TV business profits in 2019. So across the business we – obviously we have a lot of work to do, a lot of integration efforts going on with WarnerMedia. But I like the momentum. I feel confident that we're on track to deliver the plans that we've laid out. And as Mike pointed out, we're going to just go through the quarter today. But when we get together on November 29, we're going to give you a full blown look at our plans as we move into 2019 and beyond. So with that, that's my high-level view on the quarter. And I'm going to turn it over now to John Stephens.
Randall L. Stephenson: Yeah, what I said through I think it was last month was that we had told The Street, we had told everybody we would do $21 billion-plus this year in free cash flow. And that includes $2 billion of merger costs associated with the Time Warner deal. And so the $21 billion, plus the $2 billion, which doesn't recur next year, puts you at $23 billion. And that all – the $21 billion also only included a couple billion, $2 billion of Time Warner cash flow. So you put Time Warner in for a full year, you get to $25 billion exiting this year as a run rate. Now if you just kind of want to test that number, if you look at the first quarter we just posted here, in terms of what our free cash flow was for this quarter at $6.5 billion, annualize that, and you're at a $26 billion-plus kind of run rate number. And so just to kind of help you simplistically understand how you get to a $25 billion number, that's kind of the path that we're on right now. And that assumes no growth in our Mobility business. It assumes no growth in WarnerMedia. We assume that we keep the Mobility business growing. We assume that we get the Entertainment Group, our broadband and TV business to stable next year, whereas right now it's declining on an EBITDA basis double digits. And then you get Mexico from an EBITDA dilution standpoint this year to we think we can get this thing to break even or positive next year. So you put all that together, we get good EBITDA growth, which should drive cash flow growth. And so $25 billion is just a comfortable number that I put out there. And we're actually on a run rate that looks better than that now.
Randall L. Stephenson: I think it's important too to take what John said and I said about where we exit the year in terms of free cash flow. And then pair that with that last schedule John Stephens walked you through on our debt maturities. We will exit this year with average annual debt maturities for the next four years of $12 billion, well within the free cash flow less dividend range. And so we feel like we've got it stacked up where the debt is very manageable. We can get to these deleveraging targets that John spoke of. And I think it's stacked up well right now.
Randall L. Stephenson: I think in terms of missing from the equation, I feel like we're tracking on plan right now, John. As I pointed out earlier, the debt is very manageable. I'm very comfortable with the debt, the deleveraging, and getting down to 2.5 times by end of year next year. I think the cash flow characteristics of the business today already have us there. And that assumes that we have no further growth in 2019 in terms of our cash and our EBITDA. Cash flow is growing at a 14% year-over-year pace. And so I think what we're going to have to just demonstrate to the market is continued performance in the Mobility side of the business. I think we have very good momentum. As I mentioned on the prepaid side, Cricket is just defining that category and doing incredibly well. And that's an incredibly profitable customer base that we're building there and doing very well. The postpaid is doing well. ARPUs are growing in Mobility. And EBITDA looks really good. And so if we can get this, the Entertainment Group, which is our broadband and our TV business, to stability, and we get Mexico to EBITDA neutral, to even EBITDA growth next year, then you have an equation that looks like really good cash flow growth for the next three, four years. And so I think what we have to do is continue executing and posting quarters. I actually am pleased with this quarter. And we continue to do this, I think the markets will reflect that.
Randall L. Stephenson: I think you covered it quite well. We just – we could – we have a lot of confidence as we build the mechanical tools and put in place a marketplace where people can design campaigns, measure campaigns, and do it without a lot of human intervention, which is what AppNexus does today in the digital world. As we stand that up, can this 22% growth that we're experiencing on just our DIRECTV inventory – and keep in mind, that 22% growth we saw on the DIRECTV inventory is on a subscriber base that's declining 3% year over year. And so if the revenues are growing 22% on a declining subscriber base, does that translate into a more fulsome inventory over in Turner? And can you drive growth rates that look that attractive on the Turner side? We actually have a high degree of confidence we can. This will take time to put these tools in place and develop the capability. But we have a high to – we really have a high degree of confidence here. And we're very enthusiastic about this opportunity.
Randall L. Stephenson: I think the other thing, John, I would add is that – we mentioned it in the formal notes, is that two-year price locks that we have in place are rolling off. And the traditional linear video ARPU as a result of that can move to market pricing on most of the base. And us rolling past that is a really important lever for us going forward.
Randall L. Stephenson: So with that, again, thanks, everybody, for joining the call. And just as a recap, first full quarter with WarnerMedia under our belts. And we have cash flow growing nicely. Operating cash flow 14%, free cash flow 17%. Mobility is back to growth and executing well. We feel really well about – really good about where it's headed into 2019. WarnerMedia executing very well, and the first full quarter is accretive to earnings by $0.05 a share. And going to exit the year with our debt portfolio at a very reasonable place, deleveraging plans on track, getting to 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA by the end of year next year. So bottom line, we feel like we're stacking up well for 2019. And appreciate everybody joining us and look forward to seeing everybody on November 29 in New York. Thanks, again.
John J. Stephens: Thanks, John. Now before we get to your questions, I'd like to take a moment to provide an update on our deleveraging plans. Those are on slide 12. You know the commitments we've made. We plan to get to the 2.9 times range by the end of this year, drop that even lower by the end of next year to the 2.5 times range, and then return to historical levels by year-end 2022. One big way we plan to accomplish that is through free cash flow growth. Our strong third quarter cash from operations and free cash flow results points to our ability to do just that. We also continue to look for ways to monetize our large asset portfolio. We made several such moves in recent years, most recently the sale of our data centers and our under-utilized spectrum, combined generating over a couple billion dollars of proceeds. And we've identified billions of dollars of other assets where we can do more. So this is an ongoing process. Our merger synergies will also help contribute, and they remain on target, $1.5 billion in cost synergies and $1 billion in revenue related synergies on a run rate basis by the end of 2021. In addition, capital market options will be under consideration – or quite frankly, are under consideration. All options will be evaluated. We're going into diverse markets and looking at diverse investor bases. We'll consider make whole calls, tenders, as well as any other efficient capital alternatives. We've got that work going on now. You can see how we are at managing our debt maturities by looking at what we've accomplished just since the merger closed. Since we've closed the deal, we've managed to spread maturity towers very effectively and expect to retire or refinance $28 billion of near- to intermediate-term maturities by the end of the year. As you can see from our schedule, we've done most of that already. We've done this with cash on hand at the time of the close and utilizing diverse capital markets over the last four months. Our debt towers will look much different, resulting in very manageable annual debt payments. We also have been able to lock in a portion of our debt into historically low interest rates. About 90% of our market debt is fixed rate, protecting us from rising interest rates. And when rates do rise, as they have in recent months, we have a natural hedge with our pension and benefit plans. Simply put, a 1% increase in the discount rate today will decrease our pension plan liabilities by about $5 billion, so a very effective economic hedge. Bottom line, our financial strength allows us to achieve our leverage targets and continue to invest in our business and return value to shareholders. With that, I think we're ready to take your questions.
John J. Stephens: Yeah, Randall, just if I can (36:23) add to that, we're really far along on our 12.5 million [customer locations] fiber-to-the-prem commitment out of the DTV transaction. That'll be done some time around the middle of the year, has to be. So we have a support there for a capital management, capital spend management. Secondly, we've essentially completed the Mexico 100 million LTE build. We're just about right there on the edge. So once again, that'll give us an opportunity to hedge that. Third, the FirstNet team and the network team working with them have been remarkable. They're well ahead of the targeted builds. We spent money to do that, close to a $0.5 billion, a little bit over $0.5 billion this quarter that we weren't reimbursed for. And so that bodes well for us as we have had our milestones approved and expect to receive $1.3 billion in proceeds, reimbursements for that contract this quarter. So all of those things are what are building this momentum about strong cash flows.
John J. Stephens: Great. So let me take the last one first. Advertising is showing up at about a $400 million run rate. And just pure advertising in the AdWorks, the advertising segment, and that is from ads that are sold on the legacy TV, linear TV business, or in DIRECTV. So the revenue is showing up in advertising segment as well as about just under $6 a month on the customer base in the Entertainment Group. And then that is eliminated through company eliminations at the corporate segment. Secondly, there's about $40 (56:12) worth of revenue this quarter from AppNexus. That's reported in the advertising business segment and only there. Third, there is about – we run about $1 billion, or maybe it's a little bit less than that, this quarter in advertising in Turner, in WarnerMedia. That's reported there. That is not reported in the advertising segment because Turner manages that, WarnerMedia manages that internally. And then what we do is we provide a supplement to show you a full picture of the advertising capabilities or revenue streams for the total of AT&T. And that supplemental adds those two numbers together and that's included in our disclosure sheet. So that's just an effort to make sure we give you full transparency with regard to what our total advertising is. So that's how it's recorded. That's how it's reported and it gives you comparable information for DIRECTV compared to other participants in the TV industry, gives you the information appropriate for advertising, gives you the information appropriate for WarnerMedia, and how they compare to others in the media industry. So it's just an effort to make sure we give comparable data that you can utilize as you look at other companies.
John J. Stephens: With regard to asterisks, there are no asterisks. The 2.5 [times] range, which means if we come in at 2.51 [times] or 2.52 [times], we're going to say we met our mark. That's what the range is about. It's not – it's about 2.51 [times], 2.52 [times] and we did our jobs. We're not that – we don't want to come across as being that precise or that forward knowing that we can predict that. But there's no asterisk with regard to, if you will, any asset purchases. With regard to asset sales, I'd just say it this way. We go through the listing of real estate we have, and I know this sounds a little bit – if we go, for example, the new opportunities on credit process that came through the Tax Reform Act (sic) [Tax Cuts and Jobs Act] (58:14). We have real estate all over the country that falls into those. We have a whole different category of real estate sales that may qualify or may be interested on that. If you think about our administrative buildings and, quite frankly, across the total new AT&T, you've got a whole opportunity. So I'm not going to get into any major transactions. Certainly, as you can imagine, that might not do anything to help the valuation process. But we're looking at everything. And needless to say, that total listed – total dollar amount of assets is material even for us, and we'll continue to work it and focus on it. We got a great plan. We have cash from ops, managing CapEx as we go forward with so many of our projects getting completed. That generates great free cash flow and solid EBITDAs with merger synergies and improvement in our business, that we've got a great way to get there. The asset sales are an additional way to make sure that we meet and exceed these goals. But no list of assets on this call today.
John M. Donovan: I'd love to. So if you look at the components of the Entertainment Group, what I think gets lost sometimes is it's a broadband-led world out there right now. If you look at the broadband portfolio, our fiber footprint build has given us a lot of inventory to sell into. If you look at the industry's rate of decline on linear video, you find that we're doing dramatically better than the industry where we have fiber footprint. We're doing dramatically better than the industry in churn and acquisition where we have 25 meg and greater. Where our stress is is in the linear, in areas where we're priced with just the linear video. And we're going to have to take actions to continue to improve how we're doing there. But with the fiber inventory that we've got coming online back half of this year, first part of next year, we have a lot of footprint to sell into. And within the quarter, not only do we have broadband ARPU growth, each month of the quarter got stronger. So we feel very good about where the broadband footprint is, in particular the fiber area. And that will help us with the video business, the linear video business. Probably the most important thing to draw attention to is the transition of the video business within. And if I could take just a minute to talk through what we've done there. We thought it important as a 25% market share player in linear video that we be prepared to own the customers in this transition. And so when we put together an OTT product, DIRECTV NOW, we wanted to catch our customers. And I mentioned to you on prior calls that a large portion of those customers were either coming from cable or were coming from cord-cutter categories. So we now have enough experience there to know that that business is a little bit like the prepaid Wireless business. We have seasonal shoppers who are shopping for shows. It's very promotionally intensive for roughly a third of that base. And we're going to continue to curate that portfolio in a way that allows us to become more profitable. So as you think about the profitability of the video portfolio, the full-service premium product is going to continue to be driven by footprint. We feel very good about how broadband assists us there. We're going to take our learnings in DIRECTV NOW and be more discriminating about the content that's provided and the profitability of that content. And then for mobile-only, we've got WatchTV, which right out of the chute is a profitable product. And so I would say that right now we're very well-positioned as we roll into 2019 to be confident that we're going to get EBITDA stability in the video portfolio alone. That coupled with the strength of broadband will give us a really good EG performance overall as we roll into 2019.
John M. Donovan: Well, if you look within the portfolio of the base that we've got, a lot of you folks have done your analytics, done surveying, and it's shown that DIRECTV NOW product, generally, we have tremendous engagement. But within DIRECTV NOW, it's a tale of two cities. It's folks that are just jumping from promotion to promotion and really spinning in the industry between us, Hulu Live, YouTube TV. And so what we're learning, where and who those customers are, what people are viewing. And so we actually expected a far worse outcome than we had. Its resiliency we – when we raised pricing and took promotions off – we were not at all promotional or very, very limited promotions of that product overall. And then we started to shift our mix. So what we're after is customers that are highly engaged, that find the product compelling and use it a lot. That will lend itself towards being able to be supplemented by an ad model over time. And so what we wanted is to secure that base. And that's what we're going to focus on. So going forward, our own team forecasts the growth of the OTT category lower than I think a lot of the analyst community does. Because after a first big slug with the introduction of fulsome packages, we're starting to learn now the customer base that's using this. And so if you look at linear TV, it's really going to be about broadband and how do we use broadband to lead ourselves into premium TV. And then get an OTT package that's well-suited to the people that are going to be the heavily engaged users. That customer base that we burned off, if you will, in the third quarter, and that we may or may not going forward chase in any given quarter, is always available. It's very promotionally-sensitive and price-sensitive, so you can always go get that business when you find the economics to do it so – or advantageous as a result of, for instance, what you can do on ad-supported models. And so we learned a lot about it. We've streamlined the content packages. We've changed the mix of customers we're taking in with a bias towards getting people that are heavily engaged, that are buying on the higher end of those OTT offers.
John M. Donovan: No. What we're saying is we expect to see stability in the Entertainment Group as total, fueled in part by our solid performance in broadband as we get the 14 million fiber-to-the-prem customers available to sell into. So the broadband results, which we are optimistic about, will add to our ability to get to overall stability in the Entertainment Group.
John M. Donovan: Yeah. And I think as John earlier covered, we're focused on improving that EBITDA trends and we're looking towards stability coming in 2019. And that's going to be both from the video strategy that John laid out and marketplace actions as well as continued improvement in broadband from our fiber-based products.
John M. Donovan: Yeah, if we start with the revenue side of the formula, we feel pretty strongly that with the last four or five quarters of growth – and that's just not year-over-year improvement. When we go to absolute growth, you start to have that kick into the base of your revenue. We took price action, so we expect the churn to tick up as a result of those price actions. And a lot of that has subsided now because the price actions occurred in late first and through the second quarter. And so we feel very good about where we are right now in both customer acquisitions. And by the way, by the data that we looked at, if you take the third quarter, we believe we were the least promotional of all the carriers out there. And yet provided some good net growth on both the traditional postpaid business at Cricket, which you've heard a lot of excitement about today. So if you look at the total performance on phones, smartphones, we had a really good quarter. And we're starting to get growth out of Cricket. We're getting growth in the core business. And we're the least promotional of all the carriers, both from the standpoint of when you look at our share of voice in advertising and the financial promotions, incentives for customers. So we're executing with things like stores and close rates and traffic-driving and putting – bundling up. That still continues to be a very effective acquisition tool. So if you look at share of gross adds, and I'm sure you folks on the call here will run that, you start to look at how we've been doing. Our share, flow share in the business has improved dramatically year over year. And that's where the strength is coming from. The last thing I'll say is that the iPhone launch is very different this year than last year. The sequencing of the more expensive device, the timing of availability of those, that difference does net into the results. So net of that, we feel that that business was a strong third quarter. And we're very confident in the momentum of that business going forward.
