Jeff McElfresh: John, I think you covered the broad strokes of it, I would just say the cadence between the two organizations and getting ready to begin migrating this traffic towards the latter part of this year, and ongoing into 2022 has been very positive, I think the comments from the operation have been that the AT&T network has got the capacity and the coverage with all of the investments that we've made over the last several years, we can actually afford to do something like this and not worry so much about our spectrum position. And our technology migration that we've got experience in and upgrading from 4G to 5G and making those transitions seamless is something I think the Dish organization is looking forward to working with us on.
Jeff McElfresh: Simon, on the Microsoft transaction, I think it's appropriate to point out that AT&T and Microsoft, we've got a very deep and wide ranging strategic relationship between the two firms and this particular deal that you referenced is just another example of how we choose to partner with companies like Microsoft who have expertise in doing things, they do this day in and day out for a living, and that is scaled compute. And as you know, over the last several years, our labs organizations and our network team has been hard at work virtualizing our core network functions. What this deal essentially does is it brings Microsoft to the edge of our network and supporting our network workloads, at a scale level for efficiency and as a partner in this, our engineers and their engineers are developing this solution on a broad scale across the business, across the network. We're going to enjoy some anchor tenant benefits from that, we're not disclosing any specific financial details. But one thing that we're not doing and I've kind of read this in the trade, in the press a bit is we're not outsourcing our core network function. We're relying upon Microsoft to develop a scaled compute and storage capabilities at the edge while we retain control of our network stack and the kinds of services and products that we're going to offer to the market. And as John has shared over the last four quarters, our focus here is to put our energy on the things that differentiate our service. And by doing this, it enables us to reallocate resources that were once attempting to build scaled network cloud compute capabilities. We rely on Microsoft for that and the Azure for operator's capability going forward. And then our product development teams and our engineers really work on the service layer, and the kinds of products and services that we intend to provide with our fiber and our 5G network to consumers and to our enterprise customers.
Jeff McElfresh: No, we've not disclosed product launches or capabilities. This deal just got announced and it's in the process right now of the integration of the two teams, we will go on for a more appropriate time.
Jeff McElfresh: Yes, hey Phil, appreciate the question on the wireless business. We've been operating in this go-to-market model for the past four quarters. And I've got to tell you, it just continues to prove to be sustainable, I -- when I think about it, and I'd encourage you to think about as three simple elements. And the first is, we have simplified our offers in the market. And we have remained consistent in our offer constructs over the last four quarters, despite really a highly active and a competitive environment. But the second element that I think is sometimes overlooked is our persistent focus on the customer experience. And that is execution across our sales and distribution channels. Our newly formed a year ago, customer advocacy teams work in the grind on improving the experience of our products and our services. And then our network organization that just continues to put the capital into the ground and drive for third year in a row of the nation's best network. And those two things combined have responded and continued positive responses from the market and in customers. Both our existing subscriber base, as I think all are aware of, but also those of other competitors are choosing to join AT&T network. And we've been able to achieve and sustain taking share in multiple segments. It's across the board. It's not in any one particular segment. We're growing in consumer, we're growing in small business, we're growing with our first net position, we're growing in enterprise. And as Pascal mentioned earlier, we've set a 10-year record for net ad growth here in the second quarter, but we've also set a record for our turn and the NPS results that customers are giving us for our wireless products and services. And so in short, the customers themselves are telling us that we're doing something right. When you grow the top line revenue growth through the subscriber growth, remembering that we are third place in market share. We've got just a little over 27.5% of the market. Our growth trajectory right now is roughly 35% to 36% shared net adds. We're doing it also efficiently and through our transformation program and our distribution optimization, we're able to mine dollars out of the operations to support this growth and drive EBITDA growth at record levels here in the second quarter, year-over-year as well as sequentially. And so this operating leverage that we've achieved gives us confidence that this model is sustainable, but we got a lot of work to do. As I mentioned, we still have a third place share position in the market. We haven't made our way fully through upgrading our existing customer base on unlimited plans. We still are early in the cycle of upgrading our base on the 5G devices. And so teams are doing a great job. We are satisfied. I feel very strong about our position in the market, but we're staying focused on what customers want. And as long as we're getting the positive response, we're going to stick with it.
Jeff McElfresh: Yes, not a 100% required device conversion risk, some require SIM spots, and they're a little easier to transition, but you've covered it appropriate.
Jeff McElfresh: Yes, Mike. We've disclosed, we've got investment plans over the long-term to reach 30 million homes passed with fiber, which is clearly an excess of speeds, capable by copper cable or DSL. I would point to today our 5G network delivers speeds over 250 million POPs covered that exceed that of DSL. We have not made the choice or decision to launch wide scale fixed wireless internet, but rest assured that the strength of our wireless network is providing options for us as we migrate some of our legacy wire line, DSL customers, off of that technology over to a better technology, served up with fiber or wireless, and where it doesn't make sense for us to invest in fiber for the long-term in certain demographic areas or market areas. We choose to serve that with wireless and we'll leverage the 5G existing network that we've got with our sub-six spectrum strength. Outside of that, we're not disclosing the number of homes covered by the wireless network. We generally measure that in terms of POPs.
Jeff McElfresh: Yes. I would just only add John to your earlier comment during the call that we expect DISH to be successful in the market. And so the competitive dynamics are unchanged here and rather we get to participate in their success at this point. So that's how we analyzed it strategically.
Jeff McElfresh: Yes, Brett, so the first two quarters of this year have essentially been built selling into our aged fiber footprint from the prior bill. We are currently deploying some of the early stages of our next 3 million bill that we've disclosed for this year. As we cited earlier, Analysts Day, the bulk of that inventory is going to come online towards the back half of the year. And so my expectations are that our net add performance takes a step up as that inventory comes online. Having said that, thing that's really strong for us and exciting is one product continues to be durable as you point out the best technology. It's a great price value proposition. It's got the highest NPS scores in the industry. Two, 80% of our net performance here in the first-half of the year is actually new relationships AT&T. And that's given us an opportunity to move into those households with the best-in-class fixed broadband service as well as offer up some of the other products and services like wireless. And so, each of these execution elements we believe are going to continue to perform and continue to improve. This is not a quarterly game. This is a long-term plan. And we're just building momentum quarter-to-quarter.
Jeff McElfresh: Hey, Frank. We have achieved revenue growth in our consumer wireline business. And as Pascal pointed out, we expect that to continue to accelerate already looking at the 8% to 9%, only in the broadband business. And so we've got confidence. We've made that pivot now. In terms of FirstNet, we're over 17,000 agencies were ahead of all of our commitments with FirstNet authority, and all the IOC build out commitments and payments. As a result of that, and the subscriber base has peaked over 2.5 million, I'm not going to comment on what percent of that base is incremental or new to AT&T, I would just leave you with -- we are growing market share in a highly competitive wireless business and FirstNet has been a critical element for us to take share, and unseat possibly other carriers who have long held a strong position in public safety and in this part of the community. And so, that program continues to perform very strong and we don't see any signs of that slowing down.
John Stankey: I don't think anybody around here is upset about taking $500 million a year out of the competitors pocket either so.
John Stankey: So, Phil, since I have Jeff right here, I'm going to go ahead and just have him address it since he -- was his day in and day out.
John Stankey: Hi, Michael. So why don't I have Jeff go ahead and answer your question on how we think about footprint for coverage of broadband, and then I'll come back and touch on your point of view on the wholesale piece.
John Stankey: So, Michael, in your comment I think I probably disagreed with the front end of your premise. I think we do things that are complimentary in terms of we think there are creative opportunities to bring profitable traffic on the network, but our portfolio owned and operated services, frankly covers the breadth of whatever a customer needs. I mean, there isn't really a customer base that we couldn't go out and sell an owned and operated service to. And we've been in that position for some period of time. We have a very strong prepaid business, which plays in the value segment. We have a variety of different pre-pay offers that are out there. We have great post-paid offers that cover a full gamut of things. So, yes, there are other operators out there that on a resale or MDNO basis go and attack other market segments. But I'd like to compete for those customers on an owned and operated basis as well. And that's always been the case. Now, I think where we're at in the U.S. market, maybe a little bit different than others is, there is kind of a direction toward more owned and operated competition than resale an MDNO operation. And as a result of that occurring, the number of wholesale options I would say moving forward in the future are going to become a little bit more concentrated. And so you're probably to see, where you choose to put that wholesale traffic on your network to be fewer options to go out pursue different partners. And as a result of that, if you want to continue to have an element of wholesale consistency in your market, and to Jeff's point, if you have some excess capacity that you can put to use and use it for either fixed cost coverage, or we're driving up incremental traffic in a place where you have some valid capacity, you're going to obviously choose to do that. I think that's the case here. And as I would also tell you, when you think about this relationship, a broader wholesale capability beyond just the wireless business is a part of this, which is really attractive to us as an infrastructure provider and something we do in our core. And there are opportunities for us to think about, again as we deploy as DISH deploys network infrastructure, where they go for us to do some things that I think are complimentary and helpful to both businesses.
John Stankey: I just reinforce the things we shared previously, Colby, around $6 billion margin on the cost structure of which as we've described to you, just correct, we're about a third of the way through that, we've been reinvesting a lot of the improvements that we've been able to drive into the operations so that we can accelerate our market momentum. As we go through the back half of this margin of the second, third, and then the final third, we do expect some of that's going to start hitting our bottom line, we have some of it targeted for how we want to continue to move into the market, but some of it is going to move through our bottom line. And it's going to ultimately be accretive to what we do on cash as we move through that. And that's part of our calculus on this. And Jeff gave you a little bit of a description of some of the things that we're working on. But I would also tell you that a major part of these efforts, and some of the stuff that comes at the back end is restructuring parts of the fixed asset inventory of our company, if you want to think about it in terms of the geographic footprint that we cover on the products that are associated with it, and the operations that are necessary to keep those products up and running. These are pretty fundamental hard things to do, they take a little bit of time, the business is doing them and when they're done, and we move through them, they have a meaningful impact on the cost structure as we move forward. And that's an element and then I look, we have some market momentum in places as we just described you, you heard our comments about where we're in the consumer space and the pivot we made there, we like what we're seeing in the wireless business and think we have a sustainable equation that we can take forward that's going to drive growth in those things. And that's what's going to get us out to those numbers.
John Stankey: Tim, I will tell you, there's a fundamental reengineering going on right now, our supply chain and how we think about the logistics around that supply chain and an element of that is, of course, as we've learned during the pandemic, folks have changed behavior, we've accommodated a lot of that, frankly in terms of how effective we're on an omni channel approach. But we also realize that probably elements of more enhanced servicing and they kind of approach to it are going to be what we need to address going forward. And there's a lot of work underway with that.
John Stankey: Look, I'll be real brief. I would say this. I think with yesterday's announcement on RIO and those that came before it, I would say we put the bulk of the framework in place to optimize our execution and performance in the business. And it's as simple as that. And that's what we're focused on. And I'm pleased with the momentum as we begin this chapter. I'd like to thank you all for joining us this morning, your interest in the business. I hope you enjoy the rest of your summer and I look forward to speaking with all of you very soon.
Pascal Desroches: Sure thing, Dave, on DTV, we have not provided detailed guidance yet. But as we said, once we -- once the transaction closes, we will provide details to help with the modeling. In terms of Rio, you said that you asked about the impact of stopping depreciation amortization. Think about it as $0.01 to $0.02 for the balance of the year. So, not significant and capitalized interest we just, as you saw in my remarks, I said that it's about $250 billion in Q2. So think about that as being the zone you should model going forward.
Pascal Desroches: I think that's fair. But remember, we are stepping up our investment significantly across the board in mobility, fiber, and HBO Max. So that -- some of this is self-imposed by the investments we're making. And you're seeing the delivery of the return to the top-line in over time. Over time, we expect to continue transformation effort and continued revenue growth, we're going to drive operating leverage, which should translate into EBITDA improvements. And I said this in my comments, we expect next quarter EBITDA to be flat up modestly. And so this is really a good outcome. The businesses are we're investing pulling our businesses, and we're delivering returns as evidenced by the revenue growth. And we're optimistic that all of that is going to translate into profit growth and cash going forward.
Pascal Desroches: Doug, in terms of our transformation agenda, I'd say we're roughly about a third of the way through. We've got two-thirds of the way to go. So we're in the early innings of it. Key themes around our transformation and cost takeout or things like optimizing our distribution elements be at stores and retail locations, and indirect agents as well as our digital and our online buy flows. Second area is transformation as we're now at a point in time where we're managing a higher percentage of our volume through digital than we ever have, and because we've perfected some of the ailments and our product experiences of the past. We're able to enjoy a lot more self-install and customer self-serve capabilities. And that's required us to work through not only the by flow experiences online, but also some of the platforms and technologies that are behind the scenes supporting our frontline resources. Third, our call center operations and our IT organization are hurt at work, just kidding, planning, simply more efficient per transaction. And as I said, I think we've got probably a two-thirds of the way left to go, it will take time, these initiatives are funded, they're inside of our outlook, and inside of our guidance and other teams just hard at work, and the grind day in and day out to drive it.
Pascal Desroches: Hey, Frank, one other thing that I would add on consumer wireline, as I said in the first quarter, we expect profitability trends to improve we saw they improved from Q1 to Q2, and we expect that to continue as we make our way through the back part of the year. And we will similar to what we've done with revenues, we will make the pivot on profits as we get through the back-half of the year.
Pascal Desroches: Yes, that is technically possible. As John pointed out, the industry during the pandemic shared in spectrum to bring it to life to support the needs for broadband. And so there are certain spectral assets that are already engineered with our antennas and our radios that are deployed today.
Pascal Desroches: We have done much of the very same thing in our operation over the last 18 months. In fact, our call to a higher percentage of our volumes are flowing through digital, we're getting higher gross adds than we ever have before with fewer doors as a result of our operations and our transformation of our distribution channels. And so, yes, we've got teams that that execute against those opportunities day in and day out.
Jason Kilar: Well, thanks for the questions. In terms of learnings from Latam so far at an overall level, we're feeling very good about the launch. A Beta was only two days before the end of the quarter. And so obviously, we're not sharing details, but this call. But in terms of the biggest lessons, number one is the content and the stories that we have on the service. The team did a remarkable job in terms of planning for this launch, and making sure that we put our best foot forward in terms of not only original new productions, but also an incredible library. And then the other three things I'd mentioned is distribution obviously is key. And we certainly lined up had healthy distribution partnerships ahead throughout Latin America. The tech and product works. And it's a modern experience that we're very proud of. And finally, you got to have the value. It's the value proposition is a very strong one in Latin America. And so in your last question, Doug, in terms of incrementality, and HBO migrations, we're seeing material incremental subscriber additions and so. Again, not for this call in at this moment, but certainly for the next quarter.
Jason Kilar: Sure, Brad thanks for the question. In terms of what we've learned, there's probably two things I'd highlight. One is that the motion picture format absolutely matters. And it matters in a number of ways. But I'll highlight to, it matters in theaters. By data versus comm, which we released this quarter, it's done over $463 million in revenue at the theaters. And so, so clearly motion pictures matter and will continue to matter when it comes to theatrical exhibition. They also matter at home, and absolutely, in terms of the response that we've gotten not just from that title, but from all of our day-and-date titles. We feel very good about the response that consumers have given it in the home. In terms of the things in terms of where things go in the future. I think it's fair to say that, and I've said this before publicly, I certainly don't anticipate as going back to the way the world was in 2015, or '16, or '17, where windows were quite lengthy between theatrical and home exhibition, whether it was an all the card transaction or something else. So we'll have shorter windows for a portion of our slate 45-days specifically, but the Warner Bros. is also going to be producing over 10 motion pictures that will be available on HBO Max on day one. And so I think that what you're going to see is this industry continues to evolve, and to continue to innovate in ways that not only works for consumers and fans, but also works for our business partners.
Jason Kilar: A couple of points to keep in mind, one, when you look at interest, once the WarnerMedia transaction closes, our net debt will go down significantly and the interest savings for that are fairly meaningful, you can do the math, just think roughly $40 billion, $45 billion of cash coming in. And that's after our DirecTV cash that we expect to come in beginning of August. So, overall, we expect a meaningful savings in interest, one, two currently we've said this on a number of occasions. Currently, we are the contributions from WarnerMedia are not as meaningful as you may believe, right now, given the step up that we're experiencing in our content spending. So those two factors, I think are things you had when you consider those factors, relative to where we're today and the other factors you mentioned, I think that gets you to how it gets to $20 billion.
Jason Kilar: Yes, you remember the guidance is for two years from now that so the first full-year after the WarnerMedia transaction closes. So, we believe we'll grow our remaining business between now and then given the dynamics that we're seeing in the marketplace.
