John J. Stephens: Thanks, Simon. Thanks for your question. First and foremost with regard to Europe, we stand by what we said before for all the same reason we said before the window is closing by the day, but I will say this as you can see from these results and as Randall and I and others have said before we are focused here on this market and you can see why from the success that we’ve had in this first quarter, see why we have that focus here in the United States and remains there. With regard to the Next impact from an adoption standpoint, what we wanted to make sure everyone was aware of that, we made a decision in February to allow customers to early adopt or early upgrade under Next and that drove about 1.1 million early adoptions that drove the margin pressure quite frankly in the first quarter, we were able to overcome it, but those early adoptions to drive some pressure, so the real normal kind of a run rate for the group of customers that were qualified under a normal 24-month process ended up being about $1.8 million, and that’s about 35%. So we did grow from that December 20% or the fourth quarter overall 15% up to 35%, and we will see how it goes forward. I wouldn’t expect that same acceleration from the 15% to more than 40% because of that early adoption, and quite frankly because of the early adoption we may have some impact on the customer during the last three quarters of the year because they move their adoptions up and causes that margin pressure in the first quarter. But I do – we’re very pleased with the take rates, customers seem to like it and we’re going to expand some of the channels we have the sales in. And so I do believe that the 35% is going to become a new standard, we may do better than that and we’ll see how it goes as we move forward, we’re not giving a specific prediction.Simon Flannery – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So there has been a little bit of a change in your expectations, I guess, versus when you set guidance originally, because I guess you are only changing revenues at this point. But I guess there are some puts and takes on the other lines.
John J. Stephens: Yes, I mean so what we do on our revenues is really off the strength of consumer wireline, what we saw there, and quite frankly off the strength of wireless as much as Next certainly we’ll have an impact, but really it was much more about postpaid net adds and total net adds. And as we mentioned earlier what we’ve seen in churn and this improving churn picture that we’ve seen throughout the quarter giving us optimism about the full year and a ability to raise that guidance to 4% or greater. That’s what’s driving the change in guidance.Simon Flannery – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good. Thanks a lot.
John J. Stephens: Thanks for the questions, Mike; let's make sure I knock them all off here if you will, first and foremost with margins in wireline, [we feel we are at] [ph] in our VIP build process, we are going to continue to see some investments and the customers in the build through 2015. So while we are working very, very hard to improve margins as we did sequentially in the first quarter as we did we expect real margin or larger margin improvements in 2016 and forward in wireline, so it’s the first point. Agile is definitely generating savings and we’re optimistic about its impact. But right now at this time we are choosing to reinvest the savings wherever we can in a prudent manner to accelerate the overall growth of the company. Third with regard to free cash flow the real thought process on not changing guidance as a couple of different factors one we came down with the final Leap business plan, we are focused on getting the unutilized spectrum into service right away; we have some commitments on a 90 day and a 12 month process, quite frankly that’s – putting that spectrum to use, the team is really good at it. They are already well underway on it but it’s not a capital intensive, it’s adding it to already existing network, the big piece the capital the transformation and the CDMA network to our GSM network is going to really have a capital pressure in 2015. So that’s the first point. Second point is our working capital is evidenced by our cash flow operations of $8.8 billion, our working capital was very strong. And we have efforts across the board receivables, payables, inventory management a number of items. The success the overall team showed is being able to achieve good cash management gives us the confidence to keep free cash flow guidance at the same level even with these increasing Next sales. So really that’s where that’s going. With regard to your specific question on financing and VIP, we have a very active process in evaluating that. We have not done that. We haven’t committed to do that. It all comes down to costs, and whether we can do it in reasonable manner from a cost perspective. We are optimistic about the ability to do that and we have a - we are well down the road and talking to really qualified parties who’d be interested in participating with us; we haven’t made that decision yet.Mike L. McCormack – Jefferies LLC:  Great, thanks John.
John J. Stephens: Well, let me make sure I get things knocked out here for you. John first of all the 1.1 million, let me give you this impression, or this explanation. First and foremost, with an average unit costing about $600, those that are sold on Next would cause us to recognize $600 of equipment expense. On a revenue side, we would start by measuring those receivables which will be $600 million and then basically taking two charges against those, one for an interest charge for the receivable being payable over 20 months to 26 months. But secondly, for the forgiveness of the remaining receivables when the phone is traded in and we’re not giving specific numbers, I will tell you, we have gone by model by model and evaluated the trade-in value, and we take into account all kinds of variables, whether we sold the model, the day it was launched whether we sold the model, six months or eight months after launch, so on and so forth. How other related models been selling in the used market, whether there is an overseas market, we take all this into account. Essentially though I can give you this kind of guidance, on the day we issue it, you could have a write-down on the revenues from the handset from anywhere from zero to 25% depending upon the different facts and circumstances. I’ll just give you that as the way to think about it, you can make – you could then take that differential, those discounts on interest and those discounts on the trade-in value, and compare how much of a loss that generates per unit, it will give you the idea of kind of the pressure we face in the first quarter from those accelerated units. Secondly, I can’t give you specific guidance on how that continued upgrade opportunity will impact this in the second, third and fourth quarter. The same program is out there, it’s the available number of people that take advantage of it, had shrunk for two reasons. One because the 1.1 million customers already took it and two because we’ve expanded time and some of the people are recovered by, now would have qualified anyway. And so it will work itself down, I would suggest you though the strongest piece of it may have already occurred just because it was so successful on the first quarter.  We forgot the customer adds. John, we are not giving specific guidance on that. I will tell you, we were very pleased with the strength of the customer adds improved throughout the quarter. And the churn improved throughout the quarter. So we believe that this combination of Mobile Share, Next are quite frankly transparency and pricing and if you will, upfront honestly with customers is working. And we believe that’s going position us well in this, what I call noisy competitive environment. So we’re optimistic about going forward with it, but we are not giving any specific guidance.John C. Hodulik – UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thanks John.
John J. Stephens: Good question Joe. Let me first, be clear on something with regard to the broadcast spectrums. We would like to participate at the auction, we are and have been working with the commission to establish auction rules that will fairly promote a good result for AT&T, but we will also pull out successful result for the auction. So we are interested in participating. With that being said, I will tell you, I’m very pleased we got the Leap transaction done. And that we are able to work through with the SEC and the DOJ to get that completed. The unutilized spectrum that we have available to us immediately in over 200 markets that our team is putting into service right now is actively getting that done is really helping us and will help us in quality service in dealing with the network demands. This acceleration through Next in these early upgrades to LTE devices is really helping us with our network, because our LTE network is our most efficient. So we’re moving a lot of customers on to that and that’s another way we’re dealing with our issues. If you will though, the first and foremost is we feel pretty good with our spectrum position right now we feel like we could position ourselves well with the transactions the spectrum deals we done over the last few years. And we’re optimistic about it, but as with anybody we are always looking to continue to have that available. Last question again Joe, was on prepaid and quite frankly that’s a great opportunity for us particularly with the new Cricket brand that if you will platform that distribution, that customer saying that we haven’t necessarily focused on in the past. Second, we believe the network differentiation will provide a real opportunity there. The third as we mentioned 70% of the cricket, new Cricket customers use smartphones. So over that 18 months when we have to transition them to GSM smartphones, it will be really – it could be very opportunistic for us if we’re able to figure out away to take our next program trade-in and provide those kind of quality handsets to our prepaid customers, not only elevate the cost, but give them a real quality experience. So we’re optimistic about all that, we’ll have to do – have a lot of work ahead of us, but we’re optimistic about it.Joseph A. Mastrogiovanni – Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  Great, thanks.
John J. Stephens: So it’s about expect from the next program itself we don’t have very many trade-ins yet, right, because we haven’t lapped the first year and that first 12 months cycle. But the expectations are couple one we are seeing great take rates on our insurance program, not only historically but specifically with Next. And so these trade-in phones we expect will be used in our insurance fulfillment that’s one. Two we are working hard to figure out a way to make them cost efficiently deployable in our prepaid market whether in specifically in the new Cricket brand. Three we always have the opportunity to sell them on the wholesale market which is what we did mainly last year, with the quality of the handsets our customers use and without having the international standard for handset technology, we were satisfied or pleased with the demand for our handsets that we dealt with last year and feel optimistic, because the handsets we may be dealing with this year might be newer in their lifecycle than the once we had do with last year. So those are the, if you will, mechanisms to make sure we get value out of the process.Philip A. Cusick – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it thanks John 
John J. Stephens: Yes, sure Tim. Let me, first of all I would say that lot of the offers that came out right at the beginning of the quarter. I will say that they didn’t have the impact but I will say that the impacts and everything we did change throughout the quarter, and specifically the biggest impact was the decision to push Mobile Share, value plans in February and early adoption of Next. And when we did those two things in connection, we saw significant take rates and we saw improvements in not only in customer growth customer additions. But we saw a churn come down. And we saw that improve throughout the quarter. So the more customers understood the better it got in the results. So, I guess, real simply, while it's a very noisy, competitive environment, we were able to do well across the board we don’t give individual porting ratios, but we were certainly positive porting in total. And very strong results from all aspects of our business. We don’t have any reason to believe, we should be able to continue with, we need to see how things play out, and how we continue to play in this competitive environment. But we are optimistic about what we can do going forward.Tim K. Horan – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. :  And then just maybe a longer-term outlook on Next. Have you thought at all about maybe just phasing out the subsidy programs and moving everyone over to Next in the next couple of years? Because it seems like it would be substantially more profitable. I know you talked about going through some of the economics there, but your subsidies were in the $400 range before that. And maybe it's $100 upfront here on Next. 
John J. Stephens: Yes. So Tim I mean, we certainly continue those things I guess the first thing – and this may sound simplistic, but the first thing is it starts with the customer. And so our customers still and some of our customer still choose the subsidy program even in the first quarter. So we want to make sure we stay focused on what they have and what they want and be responsive to them. So that’s the first thing, so I wouldn’t suggest that it would be eliminated as long as there is a significant amount of customers who enjoy and prefer it. I’ll tell you this, so as we see the next program grow, who are expecting to see some changes in pricing and some ability for the consumer to drive efficiency in the market, maybe the handset providers are the – the transport companies couldn’t drive themselves. And that will give us an opportunity to not only to your customers a better deal – as they drive efficiency, they will get savings. But we believe as they drive efficiency and get savings for themselves to give us the opportunity to get savings under the subsidy model. And that’s a long-term optimistic point for us, so that $400 to reference Tim, we would hope based on the success of Next and the customers purchasing activities in that would help us to give us an opportunity to make in roads into that $400.Tim K. Horan – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. : Thank you.
John J. Stephens: Yes, so first and far most right now the four markets that we’ve announced in, specifically, Austin, where we made the most progress in – we are being able to view this within our scope of our VIP program and in our scope of U-verse, if you will able to direct dollars from that effort and move them into this fiber-focused effort of GigaPower. : And we’re able to focus our build on the customers that drove demand as a oppose to the ubiquitous coverage. And so those two things really driving the success those two things drive the changes in the financial metrics when you can build where the demand is you can have much higher penetrations and get much higher returns to support that build. We will start - in fact, I think there have been discussions today with many of the leaders of the market areas, the cities that we spelled out. We’re very opportunistic, optimistic I should say about those markets and believe we’re uniquely positioned in many of those markets because the existing backbone we have in many of those markets. So build off of and to provide that really high quality service.Frank G. Louthan – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Okay, great thank you.
John J. Stephens: Just a monthly billings.David Barden – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, just if I could clarify that…
John J. Stephens: No. They came in and signed up to pay us, effectively the $30 a month for 20 straight months. So, yes, we booked revenue in the same manner as we booked all the others.David Barden – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Great, thank you guys for helping.
John J. Stephens: Thank you. Folks with that let me take a moment to thank all of you for being on the call today. We have started off the year very strong and have made major strides in transforming our business. As a result we saw strong revenue and EPS growth, along with major gains in our growth drivers. We drove a strategic shift, subsidy model by changing the way customers buy their handsets. It’s been an exciting quarter and an exciting start to the year. And we look forward to the opportunities that lie ahead. Thanks again for being on the call. And as always thank you for your interest in AT&T and have a good evening.
