John J. Stephens: Great, Amir, a couple things. One is there's always some seasonality in the fourth quarter with the holiday sales in our wireless business with the purchase of handsets and so forth. So there's always some seasonality, as you would find also with our wireline, particularly our large business segment. Also, we generally have larger tax payments at the end of the year than we do earlier on, so those are the things that are impacting us. But I would tell you if you do a year-over-year comparison to where we're at and what we're projecting with regard to the $15 billion range or better, I think you'll see that we're continuing to have really good cash flows throughout the rest of this year. Secondly, with regard to future years, we would stand by what we've said earlier. That is that we expect free cash flow to provide us with a dividend payout ratio that's in the 70%. We're not moving away from that. We're not shying away from that at all, and expect that to continue to be the case. We're certainly proud of these results and glad that we exceeded what we had promised, but we're going to be careful and prudent in predicting our results as we go forward. But we're real excited about where we stand and the future cash generation of this business.
John J. Stephens: Right, let me take that quickly. First of all, the first revenue synergy that we've really gone after and we've seen good success and, quite frankly, we're very excited about the results is in the cross-selling of DIRECTV as a satellite product in our company-owned stores. We have about 2,300 company-owned stores, and virtually all of them are actively selling DIRECTV now. And some of them never sold a video product before, so we had to do some training and some learning. But what we found as we came through the quarter, we were able to sell more and more out of those stores. And we got very optimistic about it, and it gives us optimism for the fourth quarter. So that sales effort and that first line of synergy, if you will, from revenue opportunities from the retail distribution chain is working, and we're real optimistic about it. The second one with regard to cross-selling DIRECTV and the wireless customers, we needed to go through a process of making sure our privacy policies and a bunch of other administrative policies were lined up consistently, so customers had a seamless experience and an easy experience. We've done all that, and I think we've now got in place one of our call centers to service those customers on an integrated basis, and we're moving forward with starting to sell that. Based on the really great news we saw from the retail chain, we're really optimistic about seeing those sales results unfold in the fourth quarter and next year. The last thing is our service technicians have been installing broadband for us or U-verse for us, but they haven't been installing DIRECTV. So we've been putting them through a training program, and we're expecting that to roll out, the first set of technicians to roll out after fully trained on installing satellite in the home, in probably November or so, the early part of November, such that we will then be able to sell a single truck roll installation for broadband and video. We're very excited about that. It will be a measured approach. We're going to have to – we don't have everybody trained on the first day. But we're excited about what that will bring and think that will bring some not only good performance in the fourth quarter, but quite frankly, really look forward to that kind of performance, positive performance and impact next year. So that's the way we're thinking about some of those things, Amir.
John J. Stephens: Yeah. So we're at the $2.09 mark today, and that was ahead of our prior plans. As you know, the $0.74 was ahead – I'll say it was ahead of our most recent plans. That has really been driven by cost efficiency. And it's driven by savings across the board, whether it's a lower number of calls into the call centers, whether it's the really top-notch performance of our Digital First initiatives, whether it's the streamlining of our installation process through our, what we call Project Halo or High Automation Low Overhead process, whether it's the software-defined networks. All of those things, whether it's just blocking and tackling, taking calls into the call center and getting answers right the first time, all of those things, all of those things are driving cost savings. And we have seen some better performance, as I mentioned, in our Business Solutions. Our Business Solutions team is really doing well in a tough economy, particularly in the enterprise and the public sector space, but really, really well in the small business space. And that gives us optimism. As we mentioned with wireless, we're seeing growth in that area. But we are seeing the acceptance of our Network on Demand, our NetBond, our software-defined networks all moving customers in a positive direction. So it's all of those things giving us optimism for the fourth quarter. With that being said, certainly wireless and its performance goes without question that it is helping drive earnings performance.
John J. Stephens: Let me take them separately, Mike. On the churn, first and foremost, yes, the feature phone churn is hitting us and having an impact on us, and those are decisions we made not to chase those customers. Can't make the math work on not only the pricing for those customers but the impact throughout our base. But secondly, we believe that we're picking that up and showing tremendous improvement in the prepaid space with Cricket. So we are seeing total churn come down, which I think is really important. With regard to ARPUs, we did have an easier comparison in second quarter of 2015 to second quarter of 2014 because of some promotional activities that took place in second quarter of 2014. But we've seen stabilization in our ARPUs and in our total service revenues, so we feel optimistic about the business going forward. But once again, we're going to be focused on profitable growth, not just chasing customer counts or specific targets. We're going to really be focused on just getting the most profits out of the business.
John J. Stephens: No, Mike, I wouldn't turn you to that. We haven't seen a significant change in bad debts. I'd like to point or forced off (36:48). I wouldn't point to that. Our customer base is – quite frankly, we're very lucky to have the quality customer base we have. We're very fortunate.
John J. Stephens: Phil, let's look at it this way. We're not changing our guidance for 2016 going forward, so the mid-single-digit growth rate is still good.
John J. Stephens: I'd say this. We're going to expect it to continue growing over the next few years. What we had said originally was that we were shooting for $3 billion of cost savings. I would suggest to you that we're probably somewhere between a third and a half of the way there, and that we plan to at least get there, get to that total target or exceed it. And then I'd point to the $2.5 billion of targeted DTV merger synergies. And certainly based on what we know now, we expect to see us get there or exceed those. So those would be the two points. I would hope that we could exceed the Project Agile targets based on the progress we've made so far. These efforts do take time and investment, and we've been spending that time and investment over the last couple years to get here. We're seeing the results pay off. We're going to keep our focus in this direction, but we would hope to be able to exceed it.
John J. Stephens: Simon, good question. I think we had a slide on this with a chart that can tell you what was going on. Prior to the deal, there was some real pressure in the satellite video area. Performance was less than it had been last year. And then as you see it coming out after the merger and after we started rolling out sales in the stores, you could see that we really picked up the trend, and we expect that to continue. Secondly, with the rollout this quarter of the, if you will, one-truck roll or single-service experience where we can install TV and broadband at the same time, we not only expect the satellite TV to pick up, but we also expect the broadband, IP broadband, to pick up because people buy those things together. And so we're hopeful that we're going to see – we'll be able to show you some improvements and trend improvements continuing off of the third quarter in the fourth quarter. I won't make any predictions about specific levels, but we are optimistic with what we've seen so far. We think the trends are headed in the right direction. And we think the slide that we put together that shows that differentiation between 2014 and 2015 will give you good insight into that.
John J. Stephens: U-verse is a couple things. One, certainly the lower-cost platform has been our first choice for net adds. Two, because of our focus on profitability, we really got away from promotional pricing, and those customers who were cost-sensitive just had a propensity to churn. When you first put those steps in place, we saw a little bit of higher churn in the second quarter. We're seeing a little bit higher in the third quarter because of that disciplined approach. But I would tell you that I think we still have a solid, very good, very high-quality customer base in U-verse, and we're certainly looking to continue to serve those customers with the best products and services. I think we're focused on lowering churn and keeping those customers quite satisfied.
John J. Stephens: Brett, that's the same change. And if I could, before you ask your question, let me give you guys some insights on it. On a year-over-year basis in this quarter, the fulfillment accounting had about a $0.02 impact. That is the differential between applying it to DIRECTV and U-verse this quarter as opposed to just applying it to the U-verse product last third quarter of 2014, and so that did give us some help. Additionally in this quarter, I want to point out. We had about $0.01 of help from the CAF [Connect America Fund] funding activity that went on and what we applied for. By the same token, we had about $0.01 of hurt or pressure from the Mexico operations that we didn't have last year. And if you look at our income tax expense, except for setting aside anything that we treated otherwise, there's about $0.02 of income tax pressure, EPS pressure from income taxes. So when you look at the fulfillment accounting and the other unique items that occurred, they balance off with the CAF funding and fulfillment accounting generating about $0.03 of benefits, and Mexico and the income tax was generating about $0.03 of pressure. So we treated those all as going – because they're going to be going forward, because they're going to be continuing, I want to make sure I pointed that out. With that being said, Brett, I interrupted you before you got to ask your question. I apologize.
John J. Stephens: I think we're going to be looking to continuing to protect and improve on the trends that we've seen from growing those ARPUs. But likewise, with these assets that we have in place, I would suggest to you that our ability to capture the market, we're in a very good position to capture the market now that we have video where we had broadband before without any video, and now that we have broadband where DIRECTV had video but didn't have broadband before. So I want to suggest to you that we are going to look for profitable growth and focus on that, but we are excited. We are positive about the fact that in some of those cases, we have some growing ARPUs.
John J. Stephens: We are very much – we're very excited about the ability to add customers, absolutely. I don't want to suggest that we're not going to focus on profitable customers; certainly we are. But we're very excited about the opportunities. I'll go back to the cross-selling opportunities. I go back to – we've got high-quality video products, and we've got a high-quality wireless network and high-quality broadband capabilities, and they have capacity in all of them. And so that's a great way to expand your profits, by expanding the customers on those investments that you've already completed.
John J. Stephens: So a couple things. One, David, for investor and analyst ease, we've provided total wireless and then provided the consumer wireless, the ability to get to the business wireless, and we've tried to be very upfront with regard to our financial presentation. So hopefully we've been successful with that. But we tried to do that to make sure you had that information. Two, I would suggest to you that as you look at it, the margins and the EBITDAs and profitabilities are – they are certainly different but they're not materially different. They don't significantly skew one way or the other. So I'd just make that observation for you. With regard to how you model, I'll leave that to you guys' modeling. I can tell you the way we focused on it is what the business relationships we're selling and what our consumer relationships we're selling, and that's how we focused on it. But I think the information is there to do it either way. And I think it's going to be a matter of what you're most comfortable with. As we go forward and we see the platform we built with connected devices start showing more growth even than it already has, it will be beneficial for everyone to have this split. With regard to CapEx, I won't get into specific dollars on a quarterly basis, but I'll give you these insights. On DTV Latin America, our Latin America properties, I would expect that they will be generally self-sufficient; that the cash flows that they generate will be self-sufficient to cover their CapEx needs. I would suggest to you if we have customer growth opportunities, we'll be prudent about that and make sure that we don't miss out on a good customer. But generally speaking, it's going to be self-sufficient from a cash perspective. On Mexico, I would suggest to you that the $3 billion we announced some months ago with regard to the build-out is still a good number. We've started on that process. I won't tell you that every POP, every 4G LTE POP costs the same amount to create. Some of the networks were more advanced, and so some of the earlier achievement may be at a more efficient cost, unit cost. But I would suggest to you that $3 billion is still a good number. And then we'll continue to invest, albeit at a slower rate, because we've built the platforms out. We'll continue to invest in fiber, in wireless capacity, and in success-based capital for DIRECTV – for our satellite video product, much in the same way you would have seen us in the past taking into account the fact that the ramp-up in CapEx for VIP is now behind us. We've gotten to – we're 950,000 business customer locations passed with fiber. We committed to 1 million. We'll get to the 1 million, but that's the only piece that isn't done.
John J. Stephens: Sure. On the feature phone phenomenon, I would tell you that yes, our base of feature phones continues to get smaller. So over time, we'll lessen the impact this has on our churn. Secondly, Jeff, I would leave it to you guys to talk about it or to decide whether others in the industry are taking this approach. It appears to us from where we see customers moving around that some of the other carriers are not taking the same approach, and they're focused more on customer counts than they are necessarily on the profitability of the customers. But I think you would be the better judge of figuring that out. And I say that based on the offers I see that we are dealing with and the noise in the market. On the $2.5 billion, I think first and foremost, you'll see it in our results. But with regard to updating you, I think we'll continue to update you on the process like we've done today where we talked about how the retail stores are generating sales exceeding our expectations, how the single-truck roll is going to start rolling out November, those kinds of things. And I think you'll see us also update you like we did with the Viacom announcement where we basically said that we're going to get best-in-industry pricing for our platform. And so that would imply that we are getting to or meeting or exceeding our synergy targets. With regard to specifically reporting on the $2.5 billion number, I don't expect to be doing that the rest of this year or early next year because we are still in the midst of really getting it done, and we're more focused on getting it done than we are on reporting out on what it is.
John J. Stephens: We're trying to make it as easy – we really did put the financial statements together in a way to try to make it as easy as possible to see.
John J. Stephens: Mike, good question. First and foremost, with regard to installment plan versus a lease, we certainly have the financial capability and wherewithal to manage either one, to do either one, and we're open to it. But quite frankly, right now our customers seem quite pleased with the installment program. And simply put, they seem to like it because at the end of their term, they own the phone. And the phones have continued use and functionality for them, and they continue to use that. And to some extent, we're seeing a side of that from this continued use of bring your own device activities in our company where people are bringing in devices that they already own and hooking them up to our network. But from a company perspective, it's more of a decision, and Ralph de la Vega and Glenn Lurie and the team follow it really closely. It's more about what the customers want. And if we see that the customers are going to want that program, we'll certainly consider – we certainly have the capability to do it. But right now we believe that the customers' satisfaction comes from that ability to own the phone at the end of that agreed-to term, and they feel real comfortable about that. And quite frankly, the difference in price I don't think is measurable from a lease to the – depending upon what situation you have. But when you get down to the real costs of it, it seems like it's worked out well for us by doing the installment plan.
John J. Stephens: Sure. On the value side of customers, it's more about being able to provide in the stores a full scope customer experience and take care of all their needs. That's what we're concerned about. From a perspective of – if they buy the phones somewhere else and bring it to us, we're thrilled with serving them in that way. We don't have the cost of handling the phone or we don't quite frankly have the cost of financing the phone either on an installment plan or through a subsidized program. So we're open to it. Right now on the equipment installment program that Apple has, they sent us a high number of phones through that program, and that's fine. We love to serve our customers that way. And if that's how they choose to buy the phones through Apple and Apple finances them, that's something we can definitely work with. So it's really more about what does the customer want, and how we make sure that we provide choices and services to make it easy for our customers. With regard to our broadband trends and specifically in DSL, the first comment I'd make to you is over the last few years, the real trend has been a migration from DSL to IP broadband. And that's been something that we've encouraged ourselves, and we're beginning to complete that process or near completion where the DSL customers we have left is a much lower percentage that have IP broadband capabilities from us. So we are through that migration process. And then secondly, they don't have television in these areas, or I should say we didn't have a video offering. These were generally out of the U-verse footprint, but now we do. And now we'll be able to provide them with a video offering through DIRECTV, and we're very pleased with that. So we are hopeful that now this nationwide video service will help us in improving our overall broadband positioning. But particularly our U-verse broadband footprint where we have the higher speeds and where customers generally buy video and broadband together, we now can sell that together. So that's how we're thinking about it. That's how we look to it. I'm going to tell you. I think on the consumer side we're down into the 2 million range on total DSL customers. That's not I think the exact number. It will be on the stat profile. But I would suggest to you it has changed dramatically over the course of four or five years, where it used to be 90%-plus of our broadband base and now it's a much lower percentage. So we've gone through that migration not completely, but almost completely.
John J. Stephens: With that, I want to thank all of you for being on the call today, and I'll just give you a few closing comments before we go. The third quarter clearly delivered on our transformation strategy. We saw double-digit growth in our key financial metrics, including another outstanding free cash flow quarter. The integration of DIRECTV is also on track. We expect to meet or beat our $2.5 billion cost synergy target, and we're just beginning to unleash potential promotional activities to drive bundled sales. You can see our increased confidence in the guidance update, where we raised our adjusted EPS and free cash flow expectations for the year. We believe this is just the beginning. We are positioned as a unique competitor and the first scaled communications and video provider to offer fully-integrated nationwide products, and we fully expect to increase our momentum as we go forward. Thanks again for being on the call. On your way home tonight, please don't text and drive. Remember, it can wait. And as always, thank you for your interest in AT&T and have a good evening.
