John Stankey: John, there is clearly gross pressure, and I’d offer a couple thoughts around this. Our churn on the base improved again sequentially, and that’s even with the Keep America Connected adjustment in there, and so the base dynamic is actually getting better and the team is doing a nice job of keeping the right customers and servicing them in the right way. But the gross pressures are pretty significant and I would say to the extent that reason comes back for people to engage in pay TV, such as sports returning where there is some feeling of something that they’re missing, if that doesn’t recover, it’s going to continue to pressure throughout the balance of this year. Now, what I really like about what I see about our opportunity if we start seeing that gross recover is, as we shared with you, the ATT TV response has been really strong. Customers like the product, it’s a much better product to use. It’s clearly something that allows us to attack more of the market, given the lower SAC costs that John described, and the broadband attachment has been far superior to where we were with the previous product set, and I think that’s one of the reasons you saw the sequential improvement in fiber as we move forward here. So I think that dynamic is going to be good for us as we move through the year, but I really need to see some reason for a customer to want to get into the pay TV product, and that’s going to probably correlate to what we see on the sports portfolio.
John Stankey: Sure. How are you doing, Simon? First of all, traffic has bounced back in the stores pretty well. It’s still not quite entirely back - you know, you have pockets where it’s maybe back to normal, other pockets where it’s suppressed a bit. Part of it is, as we’ve shared with you, we’re now giving customers other options on how to fulfill, so in some cases using omni channel capabilities, they’re doing work online and simply rolling by the front of the store to pick something up. But I’d say by and large, I don’t feel in any way, shape or form we’re impeded in retail relative to what customers wish to do with us, and it’s just a matter of what we’re seeing generally in the broader population of people being out and about.  We’re starting to see a little bit of life coming back into the handset cycle right now. I’d expect a little bit later this year there will probably be some new product in the market from certain manufacturers that is going to further stimulate some store traffic, and feel like we’re dealing with it fairly effectively, so not really worried about the retail dynamic at this point. I think it’s recovering reasonably well. The biggest wildcard on that is what’s happening in states that are pressured a little bit with COVID. Hopefully as people try to get the infection rate under control, it’s not an entire lockdown again. From my point of view, that doesn’t seem to be necessary. My observation is we’re able to manage the dynamics in retail pretty well in terms of safety and how people do business. There’s other activities that are probably the higher risk things, but who knows? As we all know, the decision making is not always as clean and factual as it needs to be in those cases, so we’re going to have to see where that goes. On the business side, we had a strong quarter, and I would say that I would expect it will be hard to sustain that level into third quarter, and we expected--you know, we kind of forecasted that in how we’ve characterized for you how the year shapes up.  We’re going to see pressure especially in the lower end of the business market. We’ve already taken a fair amount of it. If you look in the entertainment segment, we were really heavy in bars and restaurants and some of the pay TV services we have, and they’ve been hit really hard and a lot of them have not come back. Then in the data services side and telephone services side for the small end of the market, I expect there’s going to be continued pressure there. Now, if there’s a silver lining relative to our portfolio, I think as you’re aware, our enterprise segment is probably more oriented to mid and larger businesses generally speaking overall. I think they’ll be in a better position to sustain what’s going to be a tough economic environment, but that business does cycle with how the economy moves and we’re going to see some pressure on that as we move into the third quarter and what that does for our performance there. I think we’ve got it [indiscernible] pretty well relative to how we’ve set expectations with you on cash moving through the year. On where we are with our $6 billion efforts, I think what you--I wouldn’t say it’s ratable. What I would say is we’ve got probably some short term things we were able to do early in the cycle, so you’re starting to see that momentum come in. You can clearly see we’re doing some work right now on the reserves we set up for some restructuring that we put out, that is directly tied to our plans around what we’re doing for some of the efficiency work and restructuring that’s going on.  You kind of see the midterm or maybe it drops off a little bit as we’re working some of the technology initiatives and business improvement initiatives that take a period of cycle as you move through software development that’s necessary, and then as you get into the latter part, those bounce in and start to occur, so I’m not going to call it an inverted V - it’s not that, but you get a lot upfront, you see a little bit of softening, and then it pops up in the tail end and comes back in, so maybe risk adjust it in that fashion.
John Stankey: On the question, Dave, regarding where we are on stock buybacks, I would tell you it’s too early to call anything. The board is going to sit down in their annual planning cycle in September and, broadly speaking, we’re going to look at capital allocation. We’ve shared with you that our concerns around visibility remain, clearly as I indicated in my opening remarks, with COVID being with us for a long period of time, and we’re going to be in this up and down dynamic. It’s too early to tell exactly what’s going to occur, and I expect as we get into the latter part of the third quarter, maybe we have a little bit better visibility of what 2021 looks like and what the circumstances are, and we’ll spend time with the board in September talking about that broadly and looking at the investment opportunities that are in front of us and how we want to deploy capital and the best way to give the right returns back. But I’m not going to prognosticate one way or the other on that at this point.
John Stankey: Hi Mike, thanks for the questions. On the broadband side, I have an appetite to get back to building footprint on fiber, and I think I’ve indicated that before. I wouldn’t quite pigeonhole it in the way you asked the question relative to households. I have an appetite to build fiber that serves a combination of our needs in the consumer space, what we need to do to deploy 5G, and what can help our business segment. Really, the unique position we’re in as a business is we have lines of business in all those areas, and that should give us leverage in fiber deployment that I think others that are either only a fixed line provider and reselling wireless services, or those that are only wireless providers and trying to deploy more fiber-intensive 5G networks don’t enjoy.  My investment thesis and my point of view on our company is that if we do our engineering correctly and we think about our planning properly, we should be getting yields off of very lineal foot of fiber we put in that nobody else can achieve. So I think about this and we’re working it through from a planning perspective right now, it’s how we get the leverage across all three segments, not just the homes that we pass, although the net effect of that will be there will be communities that we’ve built.  I personally do not believe that 5G is a replacement in the near term for suburban residential single family living units. As an optimal strategy, I think it’s going to be a tough one to beat when there is embedded gigabit-capable fixed line networks in place, so I think there is clearly going to be stuff on the margin that makes sense around that but I don’t believe in the near term that 5G is the right fixed line replacement strategy in what I would call the typical single family home infrastructure.  Look, if it ultimately moves that way and we start to see the technology stabilizing, we’re as well positioned as anybody to pivot to that. We’ve certainly got the spectrum and the assets to make that happen, but I’m just not of the mindset right now that that’s the optimal place to win in the market. On the software-based side, I think what I’ve shared with you is my belief is that ultimately you’re coming together with one distribution platform for entertainment. Today we’ve kind of seen SBAUD [ph] and pay TV platforms grow up independently, and there is good reasons why that’s occurred up to this point in time, but there is no reason we should think that over the long haul that once customers are aggregated on one platform or the other, that live stays separate from on-demand general entertainment content. We’re going to see these products ultimately come together. So when I talk about software-based entertainment, I think about the fact that we want a platform with a lot of customers on it that is capable of either delivering general entertainment content under an SBAUD construct or whatever is that appropriate mix of live linear moving forward, and I think that’s probably the optimal way to meet customer needs as we go forward.  Do I think that satellite is necessary to respond in that area? You can go back and look at comments I made, I think very early on, you know, post transaction of DirectTV that we didn’t necessarily make that move because we loved satellite as a technology to deliver premium entertainment-based video content. We liked the customer base, and it was an opportunity to move that customer base into the right technology platforms moving forward. That’s clearly where we’re investing and what we’re doing right now, which is building those software platforms that can deliver either live or on-demand entertainment-based content and have that relationship with the customer, using data and analytics we pulled from that and hopefully bridge off other services that those platforms can ultimately deliver. I don’t necessarily view satellite technology as the place that’s necessary to make that happen.
John Stankey: Sure, Brett. Look, I think I said last quarter that I fully expected that coming out of COVID that I would be surprised if the industry as a whole didn’t see some adjustment in the theatrical construct. I also made the point that, look, I think theatrical still has an absolute important role moving forward. There’s just some content that is going to be more enjoyable and better to see in theaters than in the living room, and we fully believe that and we want to work with our theatrical partners and our exhibitors to ensure that we work with them and try to get through this very difficult period. However, I don’t know when theaters are going to reopen, just like I’m not sure I can say I know exactly when schools are going to reopen and what the circumstances are going to be around it. There’s no question that the longer this goes on, there is going to be some content on the margin that we’d look at and say it may be better served to be distributed in another construct or a different construct.  I love the fact that we have that option now. I love the reality that we’ve been able to build a platform that we can get leverage and capabilities out of any content we build, theatrical or otherwise, and pick the platform and where we go with it. Do I think that there could be some things that we originally chartered and built for theatrical release that maybe migrates into an SBAUD construct? Sure, I think that could occur. Is it going to happen on a movie like Tenet or something like Wonder Woman? I’d be very surprised if that would be the case. In fact, I can assure you on Tenet, that’s not going to be the case.  So I think we’re just going to take it a case at a time. It’s nice to have the optionality, and as I shared with you in the last earnings call when we looked at the slate, we already have moved some of our future production slate where we’ve re-tooled it for what would probably have been a theatrical release that we’re choosing to execute the movie as what’s going to be a direct to streaming construct. Yes, I think there are going to be some shifts as we move forward here.
John Stankey: Thanks very much everybody for being with us today. Appreciate the discussion and the questions, and what I would say overall, the quarter represented what I thought was some solid execution in a really challenging environment. I don’t expect we’re going to see much change in the third quarter around those challenges that are in front of us, but the cash flow numbers were very, very encouraging and certainly--you know, what I take a lot of heart in, I thought the team did a great job on the launch of HBO Max. I think that puts us in a unique position to have a lot of optionality as we move forward and reshape the media business.  I expect we’re going to be dealing with some of these economic challenges in the COVID environment as we move forward here, and as you’ve heard, we’re operating accordingly, including pushing a lot harder on what we need to do on the cost and efficiency side to get our business positioned to do this. We’d be doing it anyway, but clearly the uncertainty in the environment moving forward makes that more important to us. We’re blessed to have a very resilient subscription business, and we’ll continue to lean on that and use those cash flows to invest wisely moving forward. As you heard John talk about, the fact we remain committed to putting our capital against the areas where we think there is an opportunity to grow this business moving forward and come out of the backside of this pandemic stronger than where we came in, and we’re going to continue to do that and move forward. Appreciate you being with us today. Hope you all stay safe and enjoy the rest of your summer.
John Stephens: Yes, let me give you the cheat sheet way of doing it. I think about it as--I think the most conservative way is just taking a month’s revenue on a postpaid customer, and you guys have the ARPU numbers so you can understand what that revenue would be like, so I’d give you that focus. In our detailed schedules that we’ve provided, we provided a reconciliation of what we saw as revenue pressure in mobility from COVID, it’s included in there and I think that revenue for the quarter was $450 million inclusive of international roaming and these kinds of payments. So what I would suggest to you is that’s the easiest way to calculate it. A couple of things. One, we’re actively contacting, working with and trying to retain these customers, and certainly we haven’t given up on that and they haven’t given up on us. Clearly we are hopeful of retaining many of these customers, but since they’re not paying us, our rules would--our processes, our transparency processes would tell us just to treat these as disconnects. I know some others in the industry have different views on it, they may push this off to the third quarter or later in the year, or may make base adjustments and so forth. We’re just not doing that. We’re just taking it upfront and laying it out for you, not only on wireless but on video and on broadband, and I point this out because the video and the broadband numbers are measurable also - 91,000 video and almost 160,000 on broadband.  Hopefully that explains--I mean, if you think about that postpaid number, one month’s revenues, and a normal ARPU kind of gives you an indication of the kind of money we’re talking about.
John Stephens: Yes, so it’s been generally a positive response. We’ll tell you, we assumed that we’d get some of these customers back in this accrual, just so you know that. There isn’t a--there is this [indiscernible] that we would win some of those back. We’re doing a little bit better than that accrual, but it’s still too early. We still have a significant number out there, and quite frankly, I want to point out we refer to this as the Keep America Connected program or pledge. There is a number of them out there. There is not only at the federal FCC level, but there is a number of them out there at the state by state level, so this is something that will be with us through the whole quarter. 
John Stephens: I’m not going to give you a specific number, Phil. I just would tell you in all three segments, we are working really hard to retain those customers. 
John Stephens: Yes, I think if you look at what we spelled out in the--the best indication of that is going to be what we spelled out in the COVID schedules, where we listed out those impacts. But you’re right, Phil - we will have a sports cost come back in for the NBA particularly, and we’ll have those revenues come back, and as we expressed to you, those just two pieces of direct costs generally leave a pressure on the business, and we got relief of that pressure in the first quarter because of the delays and now we’ll recognize that accounting in the third quarter here, so we will see that. I think you see the biggest piece to that really showing up in the COVID schedules that we disclosed.
John Stephens: David, thanks for the question. Let me take the second one first. With regard to mobility, think about it this way. John just mentioned that we felt good about our retail space. If you look at the equipment revenue in the second quarter, it actually grew and that was from a rebound in our retail stores, our equipment sales did rebound. That’s because they’re open and this hazard pay and some of the issues with regards to what we’ve done on mobility are ebbing, and we’re opening. Secondly, I would say that on the overall mobility, we grew EBITDA even with those costs of the pandemic, even with the pressure from international roaming, the pressure from waiving late fees or overage charges, and pressure from Connect America. So from my perspective, we’re in very good shape with those things, to work through those even currently, but going forward, and the big piece of that is we’ve had a lot of cost initiatives that allow for us to grow that. Even with those additional costs from COVID, as you say, the battle pay, so to speak, we were able to keep costs in line and grow EBITDA, so from my perspective, I think we’re in a very good position.  As we work through the Connect America--Keep America Connected groups, as we get to a more stable environment, we feel very good about where the mobility business is going. It’s been a tremendous cash generator, so feel good about that.
John Stephens: One thing to add, we’ve been really successful in managing the debt towers and managing the cost of our debt. We did about $17 billion in issuances in the last month and using that to retire previously issued debt at better interest rates with better timing and spreads, much more manageable towers, so we’re very active and, quite frankly, the bond market has responded quite well. Our yields are as competitive for us as I’ve ever seen, so I would tell you we’re very active in the capital markets just on managing that debt side, and I think the markets have responded well to that.  I’d just add that in. That’s been a real focus, and it will continue to be a focus of ours.
John Stephens: Yes, let me just take--. If you look at the postpaid ARPU, we’re seeing the growth that John’s talking about when you take into account the fact that the international roaming and the COVID impacts, so that’s how you see it. Then HBO Max has been a good attachment, a good opportunity for us to grow those elite packages and people moving up, so we’ve been really--you know, we’ve been pleased with the way the wireless business is going. With your question, Mike, on working capital, traditionally we’re second half of the year weighted towards free cash flow and so forth, and I wouldn’t expect this year to be any different other than the fact that everything this year is different because of COVID. We continue to have really a focus on working capital and free cash flow, and I would say in the second quarter we saw some good activity on accounts receivable and collections and so forth. I wouldn’t suggest that it’s better than any prior years, but it was, I will say, better or as good as I would have expected in a pandemic situation.  With that being said, we continue to watch things carefully, continue to focus on working capital generation ideas, and we’re kind of watching that and watching our receivables. All that being said, we’re on a good track. We had a 50% dividend payout ratio this quarter, we’re on track for full year--year to date, we’re on track already and we usually have a better second half than we do first half, so we feel really good about the commitments and are really targeting the low end of the 60s for the payout ratio, and we’re striving to beat that target. Last thing I’ll say is that is still with $20 billion of capex investment, and I want to make sure we reiterate that. The cash flows that we’re getting are coming from the operations of the business, not from cutting capex. We’re staying in line with capex, so.
