Ralph de la Vega: Phil, thanks for the question. We had a really strong quarter in all aspects. And in fact, we ended up in June with significant gains in the smartphone only growth, not just wireless phones, so we feel this is one of the best quarters we could have turn in especially considering the fact that one of our competitors got the iPhone in the same quarter to churn in the performance that we did. When you consider all the factors it was a remarkable accomplishments and we are very pleased with the overall phone growth, not just on smartphones but feature phones and wireless home phones and we have shown in the ARPUs that we have given you the fact that that even when you include all of those feature phones and wireless home phones, the ARPU is up in every nice way and the good thing about wireless home phones by the way is that soon there will be wireless homes phones and internet access. In the next few days, you will see us announce that we will be adding data capability which will add substantial ARPU to wireless home phones and we think that's going to drive significant ARPU growth to the phone only category in the future.
Ralph de la Vega: John, the rationale behind the Leap transaction is basically to accelerate our entry into the prepaid segment much more so than we would have been able to do by ourselves. We plan to keep that Cricket brand and the distribution and I think that will ignite our growth into all aspects of the prepaid segment that I think has some really nice growth opportunities for us. So, that is our strategy. We will keep the prepaid brand at Leap brands with Cricket. I think it's a good brand and will leverage our distribution and that will fuel our entry in nationwide prepaid offerings.
Ralph de la Vega: Dave, I would like to add a couple of views here. First, let me speak about the postpaid segment. I don't think we have ever been better positioned in the postpaid segment than we are today and that's basically driven by the network performance that is the best than has ever been, winning awards right and left, just providing outstanding performance and as the LTE networks gets all those awards, as we move customers there, the HSPA network gets better. So, from a network perspective, which is a key driver of churn, I don't think we have ever been better positioned. Our network team has done a great job and you can see dramatic improvements in drop calls and it's just a great, great story. In addition to that, we continue to find ways to differentiate on devices. We just are about to rollout the Nokia Lumia 1020, which I think is an exceptional device. We also launched earlier this year, the Samsung Active, which we call Whatever-Proof pone, and so great network, great devices and great service differentiates us at the postpaid segment. In the prepaid segment, I mentioned that our GoPhone sales were on the rise and that as a result of an upgrade in the platform that now finally allowances to sell LTE devices on the GoPhone platform and those sales are doing very well as we populate the GoPhone family with state-of-the-art devices that prior to this we couldn't turn on GoPhone platform. So, GoPhone sales were doing very well, our prepaid services that we recently launched is doing well and now with Leap and the Leap acquisition, I don't think we have ever been better positioned on the prepaid segment, so I like our position positioning for the second half of this year better than almost any second that I have faced in recent history. In addition to all of this, as we move our data growth into LTE, it's improving our cost structure and we feel good about that. So I think as you look at, we are really in the best shape that we have been heading into a second half that I have seen for a while.
Ralph de la Vega: Jason, there was a news once that we did that really drove the volume of trade-ins something like 500% to 600% compared to the prior period. The key was for customers to realize that they didn't have to worry about what they were going to get for the handset. If they brought us a handset that was within three years old and good working condition then we would give him a $100 off. All of a sudden they didn't have to worry about going in checking what it was worth. We would guarantee them that price. We actually took the risk in what the value of that trading would be. As it turns out, when they actually start to trading them in, the value of the phone that they were trading in was much higher than what we had anticipated we were going to get. So it was good for the customer. It assured them that they could had a get a certain amount for it and for us, it turned out to be a good strategy. In addition to that, Jason, when we lead out our AT&T Next program, we knew that in order for that program to work well, we had have to have a very good trade-in program. So the trade-in program preceded AT&T Next and appropriately so, so we can get customers educated on the value of the trade-in, so we could get our reps to process it and now it's part of the AT&T Next program and I think it's going to hit with all cylinders firing as we have really educated the customers and our reps on how to process and do trade-ins.
Ralph de la Vega: I am sorry. On the third-party distribution, yes, we did see some upgrade activity through our third party distribution that's usually a little bit more expensive. But I would say that that wasn't the big driver for us. It was essentially the volume of upgrades that were done in the quarter that drove the pressure and the margins that you saw.
Ralph de la Vega: Well, before we introduced AT&T Next, we did a lot of customer research and there was overwhelming support for program just like the one that we have launched. We actually launched the program early in a couple of markets and their response has been good. We are feeling real positive about the impact that this could have both, on customers and our financials, so we are full speed ahead, but I think the key with the program as we heard from customers is they essentially wanted to upgrade their phones in a yearly cycle, which is typically when they get refreshed and they wanted to do it with minimal outlay. And the fact that we can do that now for our zero down, no upgrade, no activation fees and no finance fees, means that you can actually walk out the door with a Lumia 1020 device with a 41 megapixel camera the best of the best in camera technology with zero money down and a very reasonable payment. So, I think that is what gets me excited knowing that we can put that kind of technology in the hands of people and that they will enjoy it, but part of the process there was to get a trade-in program that was workable and we have done that already as a result of the promotions that we have launched. And by the way, because of our large base of iPhones, we stand to gain the most, because the value of those smartphones is the highest.
Ralph de la Vega: Okay. First, on the iPhone impact. We have seen what, in terms of T-Mobile and then getting the iPhone, the same impact that we saw when Sprint got the iPhone and when Verizon got the iPhone. There is usually a spike in the timeframe that they get the iPhone. Then it comes back down. Quite frankly, the spike that we have seen from the T Mobile getting the iPhone is significantly less than the spike that we saw with Sprint and the spikes that we saw with Verizon. My expectation is that they will continue to come down overtime. So that's kind of where we stand today. In terms of wireless data and people hitting the caps or bumping against them. We are not seeing a lot of that. What we are seeing, which is part of our strategy all along, Tim, is we know that there is an explosion going on with tablets. Our firm believe, all the time, was we needed to get mobile share out in the market place, so customers could easily add a tablet and at the time they add the tablet, then the increase to size of the data bucket. That's exactly what is happening. So as customers add tablets, they are being smart enough to add or to increase the size of the data bucket and so we are not seeing anything at this point that gets me concerned, especially from a customer satisfaction point of view in terms of usage. Customers are being smart. They can monitor their usage now more than ever before. They are being cautious to make sure they don't have overages. So I really think that this is huge for us and that's why you saw the emphasis that we have on getting tablets. Those tablets are getting added to the network. Data use is just going up. The size of data buckets is on the rise as well.
Ralph de la Vega: Thank you. Let me close down. I want to thank you for being with us this afternoon. We have delivered a solid quarter with strong subscriber gains, growing revenues and improving networks. At this time we are going to continue to invest in our business with our Project VIP and we believe it is on pace to provide us even more opportunity going forward. With that being said, we think this gives us a strong momentum as we head into the second half of this year and into the years to come. So we are very excited about where we are at in our business. We believe our plans are playing out well and we look forward to talking to you in the future. Thank you very much for being on the call and as always, thank you for your interest in AT&T. Have a good evening.
Ralph de La Vega: No, we are not providing that detailed information yet, Phil, but I can tell you that the early responses by customers has been very positive. The ARPU is higher than we had planned. They are adding a lot of video cameras to the services. With every video camera there is an additional charge. Customers love the product and net promoter scores are one of the highest that we have ever seen for any product that we have launched. We announced recently that we added six new markets. That brings the total to 33, going to 50 by year-end. The platform is brand-new but its stable. It is taking all the load that we can give it. So, right now, we are cracking up the sales as we turn up market-by-market. I am very confident that our company-owned retail employees are going to do a bang-up job selling this product. So far what we have seen is a very nice lift and we are going to continue to increase our advertising spend to promote the product and continue to see it, I think, executed very well in the company-owned retail stores.
Ralph de La Vega: Thanks, Mike. Let me give it a shot and ask Ralph to join in. I will only give you a couple of push points here, reference points to start with. First of all, the change of the upgrade policy will certainly help in the second half of the year. Second, if you will AT&T Next, our new offering for our customers upgrade every year will also help. Third, its something we need to point out is that, as Ralph mentioned, our phone ARPU grew 3% this quarter. Actually more than 3%. We actually converted, we had actually 1.2 million smartphones this quarter. Many of those conversions from feature phones which bring higher ARPUs. So we have got a lot of revenue momentum going on in the business. When you add that to the growth we are getting out of Digital Life, Connecting Cars and other things like that, one other thing that I will tell you, it is really strong and Ralph mentioned in his remarks, data usage is growing on a per device basis. Over 50%. So as data usage goes up, we are seeing customers buy bigger buckets. Big tiers of data. So all of those things added together give us comfort that we will be able to meet the guidance we gave in January. I think those are the points, if you will, Mike, to look through this to say, how do we get from where we are at to where we expect to be by the end of the year.
Ralph de La Vega: Yes, Simon, I was really pleased to see the Android sales and they do carry a lower subsidy than some of the other phones we carry. We are seeing some nice opportunities as well coming up in the Windows Phone line with the Lumia 1020. That's a great device that, I think, is going to help to drive lot sales of Windows Phone. So we are really, really pleased with the diversity of the portfolio. That's increasingly more diverse up almost every quarter that goes by. Now the thing about the usage, I think this is really a great highlight and I want to make sure everybody gets what we are seeing when we move customers from HSPA network to LTE, we see a significant increase in the usage of data. We also see them buy larger buckets of data. So more usage, buying bigger buckets and guess what, the net promoter scores on our LTE network are much higher. So happy customers are buying more of our product and are buying in bigger quantities. I think that is what I see driving it and we are just getting started. What I love about the LTE network that we have built is it's getting great service but at the same time that that network is performing as good as any network, I think, on the planet right now, the more customers and usage that we move to the LTE network the better the HPA network performs. So as a result, we are waiting in market after market where we deploy LTE. We are winning not just the fastest and most reliable 4G LTE network, we are winning on voice reliability, text reliability and better reliability. So I feel really good that we have prospects to continue to grow usage and to get customers to buy bigger buckets in the future.
John Stephens: Mike, there is one other point that I wanted to add because I think it is important to understand and I mentioned the advances that we have made with our LTE network deployment. What we are finding out is that the more we deploy LTE, the lower it costs us to produce a megabyte of data. So the cost structure in the future is something that I think as we produce more data it will be cheaper to produce it. We have over 90% of our backbone now being enhanced backbone, which means we typically have Ethernet to cell site. So its Fiber Ethernet to the cell site with LTE with the radio head on the top of the tower. It's a very, very good architecture. When we executed like we are executing and it had the tendency to make it more efficient in terms of how you run the network up to 50% more efficient on the spectral efficiency as well, and so we feel really good about the infrastructure cost. In addition to that, you have heard us mention that we started the process of turning down the subscribers onto our 2G network in order that we can turn off that network completely by one 117, and so a lot of work going on in the infrastructure, some of it being short-term, but also long-term as we turn down our 2G network that will be another source of margin improvement.
John Stephens: The plan to implement that was really part of Project VIP and really was just to give a higher quality continuing to group quality of service to our customers. We are seeing continued demand for our U-verse product. And, as we mentioned, the 640,000 sales in what has traditionally been very slow quarter for us, seasonally slow quarter and we are over 1.3 million broadband U-verse net adds for the year, so we are continuing to see the demand. It just gets in with that program and with the overall project VIP strategy.
John Stephens: Sure. We are not changing our guidance. We feel really comfortable with the net debt to EBITDA and the 1.8 range and we are sticking with that. We believe that the cash flows we are generated from the business are going to be able to allow us to successfully manage to that, so we feel good about that. I won't comment on any particular or specific asset sales, but I will tell you we do have a great collection of assets with the company, and we think it's our responsibility to manage those assets and manage the balance sheet. We believe that that management includes putting focus on working capital which we have done, lower our borrowing costs which we have done and monetizing assets as appropriate when we can do that. I think you saw us do that in the second quarter with the cash proceeds we received for Yellow Pages and from América Móvil shares. And in both cases, we effectively retain the same ownership we had before, we generated that cash. So, we are going to continue that focus. But with that and with the balance sheet that we have and cash flows we have, we feel real good about sticking with our net debt to EBITDA in the 1.8 range.
John Stephens: John, I will tell you, let me add to it. What Ralph says is that I think what you will see is we are going to bring more competition and we are going to bring more choices to customers. And, the combination of Leap and our resources will bring an acceleration and a further deployment of that offering into that segment than either one of us could have done on the standalone basis. So I think this will be very good for the competition in the prepaid segment and we are really excited about the opportunity it provides us.
John Stephens: That is great, thanks. Let me take a shot at it and I will ask Ralph to join in. First and foremost on strategic services. We are just saying that there is an acceptance across business for VPN, Ethernet, hosting and those high quality IP services. We are specifically seeing an improvement in our small business high-speed broadband. I think we have noted in our presentations there were 81,000. That's a quarterly record for us in our small business customers. So even in a difficult economic situation and a challenged economic segment, we are seeing customers willing to upgrade to higher quality speeds. With that, we also have a focus from our sales team and our sales effort on strategic services. They are really performing well and last year, I will tell you that with Project VIP, we are really now beginning to address the opportunities buildings which we are now taking fiber to and selling into those customer locations as we start the build process and we start making progress. So its all of those things, David, but in summary, it's a real focus and it's an acceptance by customers of the value of those strategic services, even in some of the challenged spaces of the business segment. Specifically with regard to wireless, as we have shown this quarter, we are going to compete. We are generating good margins. We going to improve those margins in the second half of this year. But we are going to be able to compete. I will give you one just simple point. In this quarter where a new competitor got the iPhone on a sequential basis, our churn is down. So I think we need to put it in that focus So, I think we need to put it in that focus, our churn is down even in this quarter where a new competitor comes in. And even with all the new offerings that we are putting forward, so we will be ready to compete, we are going to be smart about it, we are going to be customers-focused about it and quite frankly we believe that our network superiority is going to lead us to be able to perform very well in the second half of the year and quite frankly for years to come.
John Stephens: Well let me try the Next question and I ask Ralph to join in. The way I view it is simply this. In the marketplace for the last few years there have been high quality used phones that neither the customer nor the provider, the transport provider have taken advantage of their value. So when someone comes in for a new phone they often ignored and maybe head it out, but they don't necessarily capture the value. What Next allows the customer to do is by bringing that phone and a high quality phone that still has some value, giving it to us, it lowers their cost to getting a new phone every 12 months. So they get value for it and then we have a network of capabilities whether using our refurbishing and our insurance business, whether we resell to a wholesaler or whether we resell it in our stores. So we are able to capture that value. Up to this program, it hasn't been a captured value, and as you all know, those phones, many of the phones could have a $200 or $250 value. That's what makes this project work. That makes this offer work for both the customers and for us.
John Stephens: Clearly, our strategic priorities, two things in the short-term here is finishing off our Project VIP for us this year, which includes our LTE and additionally U-verse and fiber to building built all those aspects of VIP. Then secondly being prepared to close the deals we have in place before the SEC with regard to some of the spectrum deals, whether it'd be tuck-in or whether it'd be spectrum deals. Then third to be have all of that done where we still can very easily which is something we are very confident we can accomplish close the Leap deal whenever that becomes available, so those are our priorities, if you will. I have said this before and I will say on this call. Our dividend is clearly a sacred matter for us, we clearly understand as managers of AT&T, the importance of our dividends to our shareholders. That's never a question, and so what we do after we have taken those responsibilities satisfying those responsibilities, but those are the order of things. And, with our strong cash flows, we will continue to have opportunities to buy back shares. We will just be opportunistic as we go through that.
John Stephens: Sure. Tim, I agree with you. The performance by network team in both, wireless and wireline has been exceptional and finding good quality service to our customers is always key to success. With that being said, we are in a position from our balance sheet to fund things on an opportunistic basis and as we can get them done efficiently. I think that's what you saw in the second quarter with our CapEx stepping up to near $5.5 billion range, but $900 million higher than last year and higher than the first quarter. We spent that money at this time, because the network team could get more done and efficiently get it done and so we want to make sure we fund that and we will stick to that philosophy. With that being said, I still believe we are going to be in the $21 million dollar range for our CapEx for this year. I think the network team has continued to outperform all aspects of their LTE build. We had originally targeted 150 million for last year we finished near 175 million. I think Ralph mentioned today that were 225. So I feel very comfortable that we going to be near 270 by the end of this year. We are expecting to substantially complete the whole build by the middle of next year. So we are doing exactly what you are suggesting in the wireless space. In the wireline space, we are going through the same process. So we are not afraid to go faster. We are just going to do it prudently and we are going to do it efficiently. So let me ask for your next question for Ralph.
John Stephens: As Ralph had mentioned, 80% of the customers we have on tiered data programs, 80% of them are picking the higher tiered buckets of data. So they are buying up and we are pleased with our mobile share where over 25% are buying the 10 gig bucket. So it is working out just as Ralph mentioned where these customers are buying those bigger buckets and generating that revenue which is generating our service revenue growth and it continues to have great ARPU growth on our phones.
John Stephens: Yes, Mike, this is John. Let me take the second question first and that is, the out of balance situation with U.S. separate those rates being different from last year to this year. The same situation occurred in the second quarter at about the same level or about the same amounts in the same relationship as it did in the first quarter. So our numbers that we reported to you are overcoming in that pressure, both on the wireless side and the wireless ARPUs and also in the wireline side for both, business and consumer. So, there is no change in that situation. We have overcome and these numbers that have been reported.
John Stephens: On the breakout, we don't do that, Mike, but let me say it to you this way. If you look at our CapEx spend on a year-over-year basis for the quarter and on the sequential basis for the quarter, it's about $900 million in both cases increased. We don't give a trailing expense impact on our capital, but I will tell you that even our construction project have some level of trailing expense. Then quite frankly, our software projects have a much higher level of trailing expense. The pressure for the quarter really relates to what I would view it is that $900 million increase times whatever percentage you would apply to it. I would suggest you that numbers could vary in anywhere from 10% to 20% to 25%. We are not going to get into what ours are specifically, but I don't think in the industry those kinds of percentages will be unusual. I will leave it to you guys to determine your own.
John Stephens: Yes. Let me give you two different perspectives on that. One on our consumer business, that now greater than 50% U-verse, that was growing nearly on the consumer U-verse pace nearly just below 30%. I think the math will show you that when you have got now more than half of the business growing somewhere between 25% and 30%, is a more sustainable situation than it was a year ago or two years ago when that was percentage of the business 40% or maybe a third, so the math is different with regard to consumer, because that base is so much bigger and so much bigger piece. On the business side, I agree with you. The economy has given us challenges. We are pleased that we have gotten our strategic business services up to nearly 25% of our business revenues, but the economy is still uncertain. Such that we are not in that same point and that is why we mentioned that we were slightly positive on a sequential basis and we will have to see how this plays out the rest of the year. The one encouraging piece there is what we mentioned in small business and how well our team has done in beginning to put U-verse or high speed broadband into our small business space and the 80,000 high speed broadband net adds they had this quarter and we are optimistic about what we can do with that going forward. Particularly, when you look at our trend that's a highest quarter we have had on record and significantly better than the first quarter or the fourth quarter of last year.
John Stephens: Jonathan, I would just say no we are not disclosing that number, but I think we disclosed the total number in our slide presentation. Our smartphone sales of 6.8 million and I think we have disclosed that we had a record Android sales, but we are not giving the specific iPhone number.
John Stephens: Well, let me say this. We will get into synergies and realizations and all of the normal impacts that we discuss as we get the deal closed. So we are not going to be in the position to talk about those now. We are confident. We are expecting that the transaction is going to get closed after the government carries out its responsibilities and there is a fair review. I will tell you, we are looking forward to getting this done. We believe that Leap is going to provide us the opportunity to expand services to customers and a segment of the mobility market that is now under served. So we are excited about it. We believe it's going to be a positive but we are going to wait and let the DoJ and the SEC go through their normal review process.
