John J. Stephens: Thank you, Simon. Real quickly, Simon, the base of most of our savings that we previously announced was going to content contracts as we understood them to be standard in the industry. And that was the basis for a large part of our $1.6 billion original target; that along with some of the normal synergies associated with bringing two public companies together. The additional ones are the opportunities we now see in going to, for example, one single truck roll to install products, so combining the installation of both our broadband capabilities and our video capabilities into one truck roll; or getting the customers on one single bill, one single customer care operation; the ability to go to our supply chain to get better pricing with regard to our equipment because specifically one of us was buying set-top boxes and other equipment at lower numbers than the other one was. And so when you combine those, we're confident we can get some more supply chain savings. There's also the standard cost of things like combined advertising, combined customer care, combined activities. But that's what we built up to this $2.5 billion. They are cost savings. But we believe that they are very much real, very achievable, and we believe that they'll grow. Certainly in that third year is when they get to that $2.5 billion level, but they are significant during the 2017 third-year timeframe. They will build starting in 2015 but build really in 2016 and really move toward significant amounts in 2017. With regard to our confidence in the transaction closing, it really comes down to what the transaction is about, and that is bringing customers greater choice, bringing more competition to the marketplace, bringing expanded opportunities for customers to get bundled services, services that they want, and really to improve the broadband capacity that's out there for customers through our additional investments of some of these savings. So as we continue to go through the process, we continue to feel good about where we're at, and we are optimistic and continue to believe we'll close it this quarter.
John J. Stephens: Yeah. So as would be normal in a transaction like the merger of DTV and AT&T, our legal representatives are having the normal process and contacts with parties within the rules in the normal course. I won't go into those details. But I will tell you, Phil, if you look at what's on the record out there and the benefits this brings, I think there's an easy path to see why this deal would get approved and the benefits it will bring to consumers. So I'll leave it at that. We continue to feel good about it. With regard to Mexico, the process for Nextel first had to go through the U.S. bankruptcy process and the opportunity for other bidders to come in. That process has all been completed. The U.S. bankruptcy court has approved the sale. So we're now just left with getting the regulatory authorities in Mexico, IFETEL, to approve it. We're in, as you might expect, normal contact, and that would be normal in a deal, respectful contact and working through issues with them. Our experience with them on Iusacell, our experience with them on the regulatory framework that they've set up, and the economic environment they set up gives us confidence that that deal could close shortly.
John J. Stephens: Yeah. So we will operate as one business. We will get significant benefits from the two networks. And so we will be able to utilize the infrastructure of both companies to really help us manage and really prioritize capital investments, so it really will allow us on a combined basis to ramp up the networks much more quickly. As we mentioned in my prepared remarks, when you combine the two companies, they clearly have a leading spectrum position in Mexico, which also gives us an opportunity to very efficiently ramp up. Your comment or question, Phil, with regard to will we need to spend capital on that asset, absolutely. We intend to get the network quality up to our standards. And as quickly as prudently possible, we're working through those plans. And once we get the Nextel Mexico merger completed, we'll have all the information at our disposal to finalize those plans, and then we'll come back to the Street at the same time we do with the DIRECTV merger and update you on those plans. But it will take some additional capital. But quite frankly, in the company the size that we will become once the DIRECTV and Nextel Mexico deal are closed, it will be a very manageable level of additional capital.
John J. Stephens: Mike, quite frankly, we're not seeing any unusual churn activities, really. I don't mean to be inappropriate, but the 1.02% postpaid churn is the best we've ever had. And if you go beyond, if you subdivide our postpaid base into postpaid smartphones, as you can imagine, the trend is even lower. So we feel very good about that. With your comments with regard to service revenues, when you look at our service revenues this quarter, clearly it was impacted by, so to speak, a full year of opportunity for customers to transition to Mobile Share, and really not only about a month, no time prior to the first quarter of 2014 and only about a month of 2014 first quarter for customers to transition. So this is going to be the starkest comparison or the most significant comparison time. We expect those comparisons to get easier or to be less challenging as we go through the year because we've established much more of a stable Mobile Share value base as of the end of the first quarter compared to where we were at the end of the first quarter last year.
John J. Stephens: CapEx is just what we needed. It is lower than the run rate. We're not changing any guidance on CapEx. It's just more of a philosophy to spend it as you need it, don't spend it early. With regard to factoring, you can expect us to factor every quarter this year. Part of that process is to get an established track record on that. We did do it in the quarter. Even with the factoring we did in the first quarter, we added to – as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we added to our total investment in our Next customer base by about $500 million. But I think we expect to continue to use that securitization process in an effort to eventually get to a point where we'll have another option for financing our business, whether we choose to use it or not.
John J. Stephens: First, I think we mentioned that we had about 65% take rate on Next on about 6.2 million net adds and upgrade sales, so around 4 million Next sales. You guys can do the math on an average price of a phone to get the gross receivable. We mentioned that we increased our receivables, net increase in our investment in our customers by about $500 million. The offset to the rest of the purchase price was about $1.5 billion of factoring, and then some collections from customers from previously sold Next phones in early 2014 or even a few that we sold and 2013 that are now paying us monthly fees that we are collecting and keeping at the company. So we're not subject to prior monetizations or securitizations. On the net adds, at 70%, I think the key assumption there is we've seen this 60% – 65% Next take rate before and we've seen it again this quarter. The one thing I will tell you is that to get it to 70%, we had about 5% or about 300,000, a little over 300,000 BYOD devices. Those are great net adds for us. While they don't bring any equipment revenue, they don't bring any equipment expense. And so that's a good deal for us. They often join Mobile Share value plans, so they are sticky customers. That is the unknown, if you will. That 300,000 is a little bit below what it was running on a quarterly basis the last three quarters of last year. But this is typically a slower – first quarter is typically a slower quarter. We're still encouraged by the level that – that will be the determinant of where we come out, whether we come out in that 60% to 65% range or if we get higher than that. We'll just have to wait and see. But I do feel very good about the fact that in total that no-device subsidy is at 70%. And quite frankly, the overall base on Mobile Share value for smartphones is at 62%, so we're running hotter than that. And then third, the amount of those customers that are actually paying us monthly for Next today is down in the 32% range. So I'm very optimistic that the monthly Next ARPU piece, the monthly billings piece, is going to pick up from that $6 level.
John J. Stephens: EBITDA margins, we're going to continue to focus, particularly in wireline, on cost savings. I think you're aware that we did an early – voluntary early retirement program. I think our take rates on that were in the 3,300 range, so we'll see some savings from that going forward. Additionally, we did see some pressure in the first quarter as we converted some of our former backhaul or interconnection in Connecticut from company-owned to leased arrangements. So they moved out of depreciation in some of those characteristics into COE. And we'll manage through that and manage the efficiencies of our operations. We'll overcome that during the year. So those are the things we're working on to improve those margins. And as I said, we're still confident with our guidance, and that guidance included improving margins in wireline, wireless, and overall.
John J. Stephens: I'll say this. We're very pleased with where we came in on churn in the first quarter, particularly with the noisy and competitive environment that we operate in. But we are not getting into the fact that we can't do better from here on out. We're not predicting that. We're not guiding to that, but we're certainly striving to do that. You are right, Brett, that the second quarter of last year is going to be really tough comparison. But with that being said, we still are striving to do better each and every quarter than we did the last quarter, and we'll keep that effort up. When you think about Mobile Share value accounts, there are just under about 20 million of those accounts, and they average just under three devices per account. I think we can get you the detailed numbers, but it's probably about 19.5 million accounts, and there are about 2.9 devices per account. And yes, that really does help with churn. Additionally, our smartphone churn is lower than our total postpaid. Effectively, our feature phone churn is higher. And as we've reduced that base down to 16% now of our postpaid base and we're seeing flow share of only about 6%, we're optimistic that we can increase the smartphone base. And that will give us another lever to really make an attempt to manage churn to a lower level. With all that being said, it is a competitive environment, and we have to be ready to handle whatever situation issues, offers come out from other parties in this environment, regardless of the logic that may or may not be behind them.
John J. Stephens: We don't want to necessarily lose any customers, Brett, we want to keep, and we've got a lot of really good ones that are still on feature phones. But the issue is the functionality of our networks is so dramatically different when you're using a smartphone, and the value our customers can get out of our networks is so significant, is so much greater with a smartphone. So we're certainly encouraging that. What I will tell you that's encouraging to us, though, is that we're finding that we're having real success in the prepaid space, in the traditional no-subsidy or low-subsidy model prepaid space and still getting really good ARPUs and still using a lot of maybe lower cost but a lot of smartphones there. We had a significant number of smartphones added to our prepaid base. So I would tell you that a feature phone that may not want to go to the full postpaid smartphone relationship might stay with us in a prepaid relationship and still get the benefits of some very good network and quality and phones, and yet do it in a different pricing in different subsidy mechanism.
John J. Stephens: So, Frank, we've built – 800,000 customer locations have been passed with fiber. What we did is we built a significant amount of those to customer order, where customers, existing customers, new customers order that and want us to build. But we also built a measurable amount to, if you will, into areas where we were confident we could sell and be effective. In those areas that we've built and spread the copper before we had a contract in place, we are now aggressively selling into those areas, and we have been pleased about the ability to penetrate those buildings and to sell into those. So that's the encouragement. In many of those buildings, you've seen how it works. You can go into a building. It might have 20 potential customers in there, and you have to sell to the first one. And once you get the first one sold, you can come back and then have some credibility with selling to the second, the third one. So we are making some significant progress in getting those first sales inside the building. And the team is working hard under Ralph de la Vega's leadership to then go back and really maximize all the opportunities in those buildings. People love the fiber and the high-speed that it provides, the quality of that service. So this investment ahead of an order is starting to show signs of paying off. That's what's encouraging. Additionally, we're continuing to see interest from our normal business, small business customers, and some of our packaged deals with regard to a combination of our bundled mobility and wired IP services. I don't want to suggest that we are seeing the small business market take off, but we are, and our numbers will explain the reason for me saying that. But we are seeing continued strong demand for IP and strategic based services, those Ethernet-based services, those IP-based services.
John J. Stephens: We're going to get to 1 million business customer locations passed. If you think about the run rate we've been on, it's pretty easy to think that we can get to that 1 million by the end of the year. That would be a very reasonable process. We've publicly stated that we can get there by the end of the year or shortly thereafter. So that is what I think you can expect. With regard to predicting growth rates or trends in the small business area, we haven't done that. But I will tell you on the overall Strategic Business Services, I am encouraged that we're at the 32% level of revenues. I'm very encouraged that it's reached $2.6 billion. I'm very encouraged that even in this tough environment it grew 15% on an adjusted basis. And when you take into account FX pressures, it would have grown 17%. I think the team is doing very well, and the network we built is attracting customers for its quality, its security, and its speed.
John J. Stephens: Okay. I think with your first question, Amir, I think you'll continue to see us taking actions on the strategy that we have laid out already; that we are going to continue to focus on profitable customers and providing smartphone growth, Mobile Share value, getting customers on Next or BYOD, and continuing to migrate. Now we've got 90% migrated to usage-based plans, and use the LTE deployment of phones and the, so to speak, year-over-year growth, data growth we've seen of those phones of about 50% to then drive data growth and then drive higher buckets. So that's the strategy there. Sure, I'm certain we will have some promotional activity, as we always do, but I wouldn't suggest to you that it would be out of the ordinary, out of the normal process. I will also suggest here that we are just in the beginning phases of the connected car, of the Internet of Things, and of the opportunities that that's going to provide us. This really deep, high-quality, 308 million people that are covered with LTE or have LTE available to them is really a great thing for all the Internet of Things product and services, whether they be the connected cars or the other platforms we have out there. And we believe that over terms, we'll see really great growth there. I think we added close to 700,000 connected cars in the quarter. So it still has a long way to go, but it's growing very quickly. And remember, what we're seeing today is really just mostly the wholesale arrangement, and here as we mature through this process, we'll get that opportunity to get the retail arrangement. With regard to Google, I would suggest to you I'm not an expert on the matter, so I don't mean to be, but I understand your commentary about it's very limited. So I understand it's limited. It's got a very limited number of devices. That's not generally the way we like to present options to customers. We like to provide a lot. My understanding it's limited in this case. My understanding also is that there's going to be very limited distribution and customer care. And those things are items that we found our customers value. So we'll just have to wait and see, but it's just another one of the plays in the environment that's out there.
John J. Stephens: So let me get to a couple things. One, I won't give any detailed plans about post-DTV AT&T. I don't think it would be prudent at this time. But what I will tell you is that over-the-top distribution of video on wireless, on broadband connections with or without linear subscription is something that I'm sure we'll see and something that we will see be a part of packages in the future. My own experience is that I see it as an add-on to a subscription package. And I think we believe that that will be the way a lot of the opportunities will go, but we're certainly open to it, and we're going to certainly be in a position to help and develop that part of the process. I won't go into the Verizon situation or any specific offers on our part. With regard to deleveraging, I will go this way. We're expecting free cash flow to exceed dividends and provide cash not only this year but into the future to pay down debt. That's one. Two, we're expecting EBITDA to expand, not only just from the acquisition of DTV but from the content savings – excuse me, from the cost savings that we've talked about even today. And that will expand EBITDA even more, which will by simple math help the metrics of net debt to EBITDA. Third, we'll continue to look at all aspects of our asset portfolio. As I've mentioned before, we have a about a $300 billion total asset portfolio today that will only get larger with DTV and Nextel Mexico. And so we will continue to look for opportunities. I would suggest to you that if you look at our record over the last three years, we have a pretty reliable record of generating over $15 billion worth of cash from asset monetizations, and we've done it very tax efficiently, so we've netted a significant amount of that cash to be able to use. And we'll just continue to do the same process that we've done. I wouldn't expect anyone to think that we are complete in that process, but I'm not going to get into listing any specific items.
John J. Stephens: Mike, I'll let Mike and the team follow up with you on the details of the postpaid revenue details, and refer to what we put on the website. Whatever we give you, we'll make sure it's out there on the AT&T website. I don't have those numbers right in front of me. With regard to the wireline business, the VIP project, and specifically I think, Mike, you're probably referring to the 57 million IP broadband locations, I'd suggest to you this. What we really need to see is the DIRECTV deal to close because the transaction, the key to being successful in that area is that customers want a bundle. And so with the closing of that transaction, we'll be able to have a bundle not only of the video services that DTV provides, but of the broadband services that we can provide. As I mentioned before, about 30 million of those 57 million broadband locations, a little bit under that number, don't currently have a video product. Once we can do a real bundle with owner's economics and provide the efficiencies of one truck roll, the efficiencies of one service call, the efficiency of one troubleshooting call for the customers, one offer, one pricing structure, we believe that that will not only be good for our company, but it will be very good for customers that they'll have a new competitive offer out in the marketplace. And so we think that the completion of our DIRECTV-AT&T merger is a key factor in that process and a key factor in bringing great quality services to customers. And from our surveys and from the information I've seen, it's what customers want. So that will be the focus point. I would suggest to you that we'll probably have more to say on that and give some insights to that when we have our Investor Day, which will likely be within about a month after the closing of DTV.
John J. Stephens: So first of all, your second question on AWS, yes, we are capitalizing that, and the amount of the debt that is being associated with that is a ratable share of our overall debt portfolio. The overall interest cost has come down significantly over the last three years as we've refinanced debt. But it is an allocated share based on the $18 billion, approximately $18 billion purchase price. So that is what is getting capitalized. With regard to the fixed wireless local loop, Colby, I wouldn't suggest to you that anything's changed at this time. We still have the commitments out there in the DTV transaction, and we still stand ready to live up to those and to satisfy those in full. We think that's a clear benefit for the consumer and the marketplace as a part of that transaction. But we're still confident that we can satisfy that, and we'll see how that comes out. That's probably – the finalization of the DTV deal is probably going to have to come before we're going to go through and I'd be ready to discuss any modifications, if any, to the fixed wireless local loop plans.
John J. Stephens: Thank you. With that, I want to thank all of you for being on the call today. Our work the last few years sets us up for a transformative 2015. We are ready to move quickly once the DIRECTV and Nextel Mexico deals close. Our networks are in place, our customer transformation is on track, and we are seeing tangible results in our Digital First and software-defined network initiatives. Our performance in the first quarter adds to that confidence. Wireless turned in another solid performance in a competitive environment. Wireline's focus on profitability and strong demand for IP services brought margin stability and growing IP revenues. We are ready for our Next transformative steps and we are excited about the opportunity we have before us. One last thing before we go, as a good friend of ours, Kathy, would tell you, on your way home tonight, don't text and drive. It can wait. Thanks again for being on the call. And as always, thank you for your interest in AT&T. Have a good evening.
