John Stephens: Yes. So, John, let me try this. Let Randall kind of clear up what maybe I don’t make clear. First, on EBITDA, it was really great growth. We did have -- as we mentioned, one-time adjustment was about $40 million, but the EBITDA growth was close to $200 million. So, it was only a small part of it. So it was really good. What -- that growth, and we're pleased and have confidence that we’re going to meet our goal of stability. We are not raising our guidance, but as Randall said and I repeated, it's clear that we're on line of sight to not only meet but exceed that target, so we are just being careful with our representations going out.
John Stephens: Sure, Simon. Let me take a run at it and ask Randall back me up. But first on the wireless revenue outlook continued to be positive. I stand by our guidance, and expect new service revenues. We had a great growth almost 3%, 2.9% in the first quarter. I will point out that last -- second quarter is when we saw some service revenue growth. So our compares get a little tougher in the second quarter and then a little bit more tough in the third quarter next year because of the growth we’ve last year, but that’s how I will still expect to grow it. It just has little tough compares, that's one. Two, why do we expect to grow? Because we do expect customer net adds. This first quarter was the first time in, I think, five years we had positive postpaid phone growth and solid prepaid phone growth. I think probably close to 170,000 or so voice that adds in the first quarter. In total, it's really great number for us and a game changer shows the impact we’re having in the marketplace. So we feel good about the momentum coming out of that and that opportunity going forward. I will give you a sidebar. Our reseller losses were small as they’ve been in the years -- in quarters, I should say, excuse me. So that’s even showing an impact on that revenue -- that service revenue item. From a network improvements perspective, Randall mentioned the multiple awards that we're getting. Anybody's heard Mike and I do presentations know that we test the speeds walking down the hallways before our presentations and it's working. We get emails from investors and so forth. So it's having a real impact that we believe is impacting our ability to gain and retain customers. It's going to take a while to make sure we get that story fully understood. It's -- I mean, it takes a while to convince people, so we're optimistic that we will see the benefits that later in the year. We are at 53% of our network build out for FirstNet as of the end of the first quarter. We expect to get to 60% clearly by the end of the third quarter because that’s the next billing milestone and payment milestone with FirstNet authority. And as we’ve told you, we expect to reimburse -- first reimburse going to get that done. Now we expect to do that. We are well ahead of schedule. Team is doing a great job in that. Putting all that spectrum into use at once maybe caused some interest expense pressure, but it's working and it's working in the quality of the network. 5G were at 19 markets today operational using that 39 gigahertz millimeter wave. I will tell you, we still have plans to get a couple hundred. We have, if you will, a couple hundred million on our 5G evolution network coverage by the end of this year, but end of next year we will have over 200 million of our POPS covered on a 5G network. So our plans for 5G are going quite well. We -- as we mentioned earlier, we don’t expect that revenue to come until next year and the year after, but we are working on a number of things. Whether it's in the hospital, in core netting medical centers, or it's in the factories, whether it's doing a whole host of automated, if you will, campuses for our big customers, we are seeing lots of really good progress with that. But it -- from a revenue perspective for a company of our size, we're still -- we're very optimistic, we're leading in 5G, but we'll see those revenue impacts growing over next year into the 2020 one timeframe.
John Stephens: Remember Phil, the ability to work with them on -- that’s not at all. The content distributors have more advertising minutes than we as the distributor do. So if we can use our advertising resources to increase our ARPUs and our advertising dollars, like you’ve seen with Xandr's growth, and then we can offer that to the content guys. There is a different -- there is a solution to the situation where they can gain advertising revenues and not have that the content cost, but still the revenues for them, and both of us benefit as do the customers. And quite frankly, we are really excited about Viacom. As we said we're working at Xandr with Viacom on things just like that. So those solutions here that are to be mutually beneficial, all three of the parties, the distributors, the content providers and the advertisers. So, it's a lot of work we’re doing and the team is doing a great job, but we believe that there are solutions here that makes sense for everybody.
John Stephens: Let me take the first one. On the mobility margins and the perception of BOGOs and so forth, remember our equipment revenues are really down. So in -- so that may have an effect depending upon on how any of our promotions are done on the BOGO stuff, but let me say it this way. If you look at our results and you say service revenues were up about $375 million, $400 million, and our -- about $375 million and our EBITDA was about $130 million, $350 million. And then you say I had noncash accounting rev rec commission and amortization in the rev rec and so forth of about $200 million. Effectively, of that $375 million service revenue, $350 million -- or almost $350 million of it fell to the bottom line from making that accounting adjustments. So from that perspective, it won't be really effective at controlling cost, controlling promos, being prudent with advertising and promotional expense. So we feel good about the quality of our customer count net adds and the ability to do that. I mean, I understand your question, but I don't want to leave you with the impression that somehow -- this was a very thoughtful process and focused on value of customers. And we -- I believe we are really successful. So I would tell you that the value of FirstNet, the quality experience of the market and the opportunity it provides and further geographic coverage, and quite frankly we’re putting more distribution points out there with opening new stores. But that's part of our investment that we're making that sometimes shows up in the expense line as opposed in the CapEx line. But we're expanding our stores in places where we have stores before. So all of that based on FirstNet, based on the solid very, very solid first quarter results, based on this expanded, if you will, geographic footprint and distribution footprint, we feel really good about wireless going forward.
John Stephens: With regard to the IP broadband side, I just refer you to the kind of the ARPUs, I think that we got published out there with regard to this quarter being at about 50 -- little over 50 bucks on the broadband ARPU, it's about 8% growth. But if you compare it to next quarter you will see next quarter year-over-year -- we jump from first quarter to second quarter last year. And so that's all we’re trying to tell you about. It's not a sensitivity at all about the success of the project. We feel really good about it and we do feel like as we get more of the fiber put in service. We have the opportunity to -- our customers will want higher-speed, and they will be willing to pay a fair price for those higher-speeds. So we are optimistic about it. We are just being careful from a numerical comparison perspective. If you look at the first quarter last year, both on wireless and on broadband to second quarter you saw a step up in those ARPU numbers, and we just want to make sure the compare is right.
Randall Stephenson: Yes, on the subscriber losses, I’ve said particularly on DIRECTV NOW, our streaming product, that we’ve put the price increases and we’ve seen the effect of that in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. Second quarter, you'll see that moderate, and I actually believe second half of the year based on what we're seeing in terms of uptake in the market on the new platform and the new product, and we should have a decent second half of the year on DIRECTV NOW. On the traditional premium product DIRECTV, I said you should expect continue to see losses as we move through this year, but we will be launching second half of the year the thin client, which think of that is our satellite replacement product. And why this is so important? It allows us to get into the market at a lower price point. When you look at the DIRECTV churn, it's interesting. What you see is not people at the high end in terms of ARPUs that are churning. It's disproportionally at the low end and where we don't have broadband. And so this thin client gives us an opportunity to meet that low end with a better price point and this should start to moderate the subscriber losses. And particularly as we get into 2020, we think this product is going to have a really good appeal for people down market in terms of their expectations of video pricing.
Randall Stephenson: David, this is Randall. On Hulu, fewer losses and less capital requirements. So -- but we received $1.4 billion in cash and we're no longer in it, and so the capital goals go away, obviously. So on the Disney launch, yes I was impressed by what Disney did. I was -- also I thought the market reaction was an indication that people look at what Disney would be able to bring to market in terms of original content, library of content, deep strong brand content and new and original content and talking about the licensing that they would be pulling back in and I think what it did is gave the market an appreciation that this is a viable direct-to-consumer product, that will have good appeal for a broad number of customers, not just in the U.S., but around the world. And so I thought it was very instructive from that standpoint. From our standpoint, you'd be able to formulate your own opinion in September, October about what will be bringing to bear. But in terms of premium content, think about the HBO brand. In terms of breadth of content, consider the Warner Bros. library and the depth of that library, the new original content creation machine at Warner Bros., which is really an impressive scale machine in terms of producing theatrical as well as TV productions. And we're actually quite optimistic that we have something from both a magnitude of content, breadth of content, depth of content, new and original generation creation capabilities that we believe we can bring to market and will have significant customer uptake. And we will lay out for you those details in terms of what we think that looks like, what our expectations are for this product, including pricing and so forth. We are not ready to fully disclose all that yet. There's a lot of work being done. Bob Greenblatt is just getting his hands into this and working at aggressively. But I will tell you we're very, very optimistic and the Disney announcement gave us nothing, but more optimism in terms of what we think we will be able to bring to market.
Randall Stephenson: I would -- Simon, I would add that this is the wireless piece. The network quality piece is probably the area within our business where I take more satisfaction than just about anywhere else. And this has been a long time coming, we’ve been investing billions. As you know, we’ve invested tens of billions of dollars in building the spectrum portfolio, and so bringing on FirstNet and having the opportunity to begin turning up all that spectrum is we're going across the country and turning up FirstNet is having exactly the impact that we hoped it would have and it is changing the value proposition for our customers. The value proposition is now one of quality and speed and delivery of video and we're not going out doing a lot of aggressive promotions and we're not doing pricing to try to get customers to stay and come on to the network. It is happening just organically and by virtue of the strategy that we implemented. The 5G evolution of product that we have out there as we turn all this spectrum up and put the new technology on MIMO and so forth, our competitors hate it, but it is having exactly the effect that you wanted to have. Our customers see this tag and they go do a speed check and they’re seeing 80, 90, 100, 150 meg speeds depending on where they are. It is truly a step change difference in product capability. And that its having exactly the effect that we had hoped. And so all the areas that I look at right now and say I am pleased with this is the number one area that I’m most pleased with. Obviously, second would be getting the Entertainment Group EBITDA stabilized and actually growing and we’re feeling really good about that as well. But this is really, really an important accomplishment for us.
Randall Stephenson: Sure. Wireless growth, we -- we're having a lot of success with FirstNet even with only 50% of the nation now completed in terms of the network build. And you heard 570,000 subscribers and John articulated that we’ve hit a threshold where more and more those are coming new on to the network, they’re not just migrations on to our network. And what we are finding is the FirstNet community. We put some very attractive offers out there for their families. And so every FirstNet subscriber that comes on to the network, I think the latest number John is we’re getting two …
Randall Stephenson: … family members with it. And so, this is driving a not inconsequential impact on subscriber gains. The network quality being the best and FirstNet being a main driver of it. So FirstNet is going to be a very important strategic element for us for a number of years to come and we are -- we continue to be more enthused about it than when we want to bid and won the deal. In terms of the NFL, I think we're not allowed to discuss much, but the exclusivity should remain as we go forward on DIRECTV. You probably saw news that the NFL network was taken down on our U-verse network. And look, we're heavily invested in the NFL on DIRECTV, but we're limited to carrying the Sunday ticket just on DIRECTV. And so our customers that have a high affinity to the NFL, we tend to have them overall on DIRECTV. When you look at the NFL network, there's some costs attached to that. And when you consider the games on the NFL network or the NFL Draft, our customers can watch the NFL Draft on ABC, they can watch the Thursday night games on Fox, and so it's all stuff we carry and so the NFL network was for a product U-verse that was not allowed to carry the Sunday ticket. It just didn’t really make sense to continue carrying it over there. So it will save some content cost and we will give our customers access to the NFL through other mediums. If they really are a NFL centric customer, we will move them to DIRECTV.
Randall Stephenson: So we’ve nondisclosures generally on these deals, but what I would tell you is that the content cost or the content deals that we’ve negotiated over the last few months have all been curve benders. And we are -- we feel good about where we are coming in and I think the margins on Entertainment Group are reflecting that. So bottom line, I am satisfied with the progress that John Donovan and his team are making on the content deals are coming up and getting them re-crafted to make sure we can distribute them to all of our various platforms and controlling the cost curve.
Randall Stephenson: No, I think you covered it well. This is probably one of the more exciting areas of the business in terms of where we have invested heavily and now we are seeing the fruits of the investment and getting to 25% penetration, that's almost mechanical. To be candid with you, whenever we go into a neighborhood and turn up fiber, 25% comes fast and 50% is eminently achievable. And we actually think we can hopefully get beyond 50% as we continue to get this build completed. And I’m telling you where we get AT&T fiber, a video product and a mobile product, churn rates just drop. And the value effect of that is really, really powerful. Customers will love it and the services were all premium services and so this is going to be a really important element of us as we go through the rest of this year in 2020 in terms of keeping the Entertainment Group EBITDA stable.
Randall Stephenson: That’s the point John just made. As we build out FirstNet into these rural communities, as we deploy, we're turning up new distribution in these rural communities and these tend to be communities that have had one option for the last number of years. And we're having a lot of success as we move into the smaller communities, set up new distribution and taking market share. So that’s just another side benefit of the FirstNet build.
Randall Stephenson: Yes, Mike, we made our move on OTT pricing and rationalizing the whole content lineup for our OTT product in the fourth quarter. And you've now seen most of the other players that have a streaming product out there follow. And I think we're getting to a place where the product, we all look at. So, okay, this is a sustainable place if you can get the advertising revenues to where we think we can get them. This was probably a sustainable level. It is as you're seeing highly price-sensitive. This is a segment of the market that had by and large left the linear product market, because of pricing. And so as we came in with a $40 product, you saw a significant uptake and it was largely people who had left the market. And as you begin to move the pricing and try to get the profit equation right, you saw some fallout, but now we're in the market at this $50 price point and we’re early on in terms of getting the new platform out there. It came out I think very end of March, but we're seeing good uptake on the new platform, the new pricing. As I said during the second quarter, you may still see the OTT product to be negative in terms of subscribers, as we continue to experience price increases on the base. But what we're seeing on the uptake of the new product with a new price point is giving us confidence. So we get to the second half of the year, this thing ought to do decent growth. And so we're actually optimistic, but it is a very price-sensitive product, Mike. Make no mistake about it.
Randall Stephenson: Yes. On the 5G piece, Mike, I will be very surprised. If as we move into wireless, the pricing regime and wireless doesn’t look something like the pricing regime you see in fixed line. If you can offer a gig speed, there are some customers that are willing to pay a premium for 500 meg to a gig speed and so forth. So I expect that to be the case. We are two or three years away from seeing that play out. Right now from a 5G standpoint, what we're seeing in terms of adoption tends to be business. In fact it's exclusively business for us right now. Its serving as a land replacement product and we're having really impressive demand where we turn up the 5G service from businesses basically saying, we want to put a router in, and it becomes their LAN replacement. And so now as you begin to think about equipment, whether it be handsets or tablets or laptops that have 5G modems within them, which that will happen starting this year and it really pick up over the next year, then that truly does become a LAN replacement. You don't even need the router at that stage. And so, the idea that just like business customers pay more for more speed in a fixed line environment, we expect that there is going to be demand and that there will be price differentiation for speed as you move into a 5G environment. In terms of fiber upgrades, we have as you know, over the last 3, plus 4 years have the most aggressive fiber deployment program probably in the United States. And so we've been going at a really hot rate in putting fiber out. As I mentioned earlier, I think it was to Mike McCormick's question, the adoption on fiber deployment in terms of taking market share and customer upgrades is fairly mechanical. It doesn't take a rocket science to figure out what this looks like as you deploy fiber. And so while we're going to kind of finish off this first phase of our fiber deployment between 5G and FirstNet and just our natural desire and preference for fiber on new builds, you’re going to see fiber continue to be pushed into this network. And as business locations demand fiber, you’re just going to see a capillary of fiber deployment continue over the next 4 or 5 years. And it's not going to go at the same pace you’ve been seeing for last four, but it's going to continue. And I don't see that stopping. So I see our fiber opportunity just continuing to grow as we move 2020 through 2025. Thanks for the questions, Mike.
