John Stephens: Thank you, Susan, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for being with us today. Before we get to the detailed results, let’s start with a quick overview. Highlights are on Slide 5. During the quarter, we continued doing an excellent job of growing the business, transforming our revenue streams, and improving our cost structure. We had solid revenue growth, consolidated Wireless and Consumer Wireline. We grew earnings, and we had our best free cash flow ever, both in the quarter and year to date. We also took a significant step to improving our funding status for our pension plans. Last week we filed an application with the Department of Labor that seeks authorization to voluntarily contribute a $9.5 billion preferred equity interest in AT&T Mobility into the Pension Plan Trust. We see this is a win-win situation for investors, our employees, and our retirees. This will increase funding well above the required level by law and further assure the long-term health of our pension fund. We will collaborate with the Department of Labor to provide any details it might need, and work to obtain approval before the end of 2013. As we look at our operations, Wireless had another strong quarter. Ralph will give you more details in a moment, but the headline was strong revenue growth led by the Mobile Internet, including our strongest post-pain ARPU growth in six quarters. And U-verse continues to be a great success story for us. We continue to add subscribers at a rapid clip. We now have 7.4 million total U-verse subscribers, both TV and high-speed Internet. This drove our ninth consecutive quarter of consumer Wireline revenue growth and our strongest growth in more than four years. So the team is executing at a high level. Financial results are solid. We’ve taken steps to improve our capital structure, and all this puts us in a great position to continue delivering strong results as we finish the year. Let’s now take a look at detailed results starting with consolidated revenues on Slide 6. As you know, the sale of our Advertising Solutions business was completed earlier this year. If you exclude Ad Solutions, consolidated revenues were up $0.75 billion, or 2.6%. The drivers are Mobile Internet, strong performance with U-verse and continued strength in strategic business services. These growth drivers now account for 81% of our revenues in the third quarter. That’s up from 78% a year ago and 75% two years ago. This is up about $1.5 billion, or more than 6% year-over-year. We expect this mix shift to continue as we sharpen our focus on our growth drivers and continue to successfully transform our business. With that, I now would like to turn the call over to my good friend Ralph de la Vega, who will give us a Wireless update.
John Stephens: If you would, let me answer first then I’ll ask Ralph. First of all with regard to the stock buyback, I think one thing you have to take into account with regard to the process is, for example, the shares we bought earlier in the year, we’ve already saved $0.44 or $0.88 or $1.32 in dividends this year alone. Because of our dividend rate the cash that comes back to the company, comes and lowers the price issues very quickly. That’s one point. Two, we do a very disciplined approach at looking at our net present value of our cash flows out of our business and our business plans. We compare that to, quite frankly, what analysts and people think of the value of our stock. And then third, we compare it to our difference between our cash cost of debt and our cash cost of equity. It’s a very disciplined process and we follow it closely in making all our decisions to buy back shares. Third, we have great financial flexibility. I mean maybe it wasn’t forthright, but our debt ratios have actually come down. We continue to have great capacity in our balance sheet as we’ve lowered our net debt to EBITDA to 1.4 and our debt to equities well below 40%. So we’ve been buying back the shares with, so to speak, cash that would be sitting on the balance sheet. But you can see with what we’ve done with the spectrum and so forth that there is no lack of our ability to buy or to invest in our business. Were putting close to $14 billion in CapEx in the first three quarters. We’re investing in the business. Let me, I’m sorry, do you have a follow-up to that
John Stephens: And let me take the revenue question, though, too. And I understand the customer account issues and so forth, but I really want to make a point from simply a financial perspective, a finance guy’s perspective. Revenue growth is 6.6%. Service revenue growth is 4.5%. ARPU growth at 2.4%, and when you take out the data-only devices, ARPU growth at 3%. What’s not to like about a business in this economy that’s growing revenue like that, especially when things like to churn are down And network build plans are ahead of schedule And your quality of your network is operating continues to improve at a rapid rate There’s a lot of things to like here. And there’s a lot of different metrics to look at. I’ll let Ralph kind of realign whatever I said, but it’s really important from simply a finance perspective. Revenue growth in this environment at a 6% cliff is pretty impressive.
John Stephens: And then that data growth is why it’s so important that we’ve got almost 30 million of our customers on tier data plans. And then three-quarters of them are buying the higher priced plans. Keeping them happy and giving them the quality service they want.
John Stephens: Mike, it’s John. Specifically to Ralph’s point, our team addressed the voice and texting issues last year. And we went to a free mobile-to-mobile plan last year. And we looked through the effects of that, took that head-on and aggressively faced it. We’re seeing the benefits of those decisions and those strategies that our mobile team put in place paying off today in higher ARPU growth. With regard to deferred taxes in the pension plan, the pension plan contributions as all pension plan contributions are going to be deductible. And they’re going to provide tax benefits from that perspective. That was part of our decision-making. In the sense of lowering your cash taxes, you’re going to strengthen your balance sheet. You’re going to strengthen your cash flows. And that will all be taken into account as we make these regular evaluations of our buyback strategy. So certainly it will be taken into account. I don’t mean the climate will make a decision one way or the other, but it is an important piece of it. And quite frankly, in an environment where there is some hope that in the next few years corporate tax rates may come down, it’s important to take advantage of deductions at this time. I hope I was responsive.
John Stephens: Mike, with regard to the enterprise side, on the competitive landscape and the uncertainty. Quite frankly, in individual contract and proposal situations, we may see some unique or unusual pricing, but across the board, we’re not seeing that. We’re seeing the decision-making process not being driven by the pricing aspect, but more being driven by this uncertainty. And so we have generally seen a rational, what I’ll describe as a rational pricing environment. I won’t tell you that it’s 100%. It will never be that. There will always be unique situations, but generally speaking, rational and the lack of buying decisions are based on the customers’ uncertainty of the environment.
John Stephens: Tim, with regard to the 1.5 times debt-to-EBITDA, quite frankly, we’re still operating in that environment and with that as a policy guideline. But with regards specifically to your question, I think you’re right on, I think it’s a very reasonable question to ask. Let me give you these insights. One is, we’ve been very aggressively refinancing our data as quickly as we can. We’ve called and refinanced over $8 billion worth of debt this year alone. So our average interest costs are coming down. You saw that in the third-quarter results. And even in the third quarter interest expense results we included some call premiums are included in the interest expense line or would’ve even been more favorable. So the interest-rate we’re paying comes down, which implies that there should be some flexibility with that net debt-to-EBITDA ratio. The reality of it is, at this point in time, our cash flows have been so strong that they have allowed us to buy back all the shares we’ve decided to buy back with existing cash, while not only holding but quite frankly, improving debt-to- EBITDA. But very directly, we actively look at it. We actively look at it, not just from the traditional debt ratios standards, but also from the cost of interest and how that might affect our ability to establish debt ratios. And we’ll continue to evaluate that. Right now we’re staying with our policy.
John Stephens: So, Jason, let me take the cash flow question on. We’re at 15 to 16 and we’re now at 18 or higher. So we’re raising our guidance $2 billion to $3 billion. If you want to look at where the pieces of that come from, certainly a piece of it comes from the fact that our network and our capital build guys are really being efficient with capital. They’re getting all their jobs done. In fact, they’re getting more ahead of plan, but they’re doing it was less. Our pricing unit costs are better. Our cycle times are better, just a whole lot of activity there. So a piece of that is going to come from certainly that, and we’re real pleased with that because I want to keep focused on they’re ahead of schedule with their build targets. Secondly, we’re putting a lot of emphasis on working capital management across the company. We certainly have a lot of experience on the tax side, and we’ve done that in that area and continue to do that, but we’re also doing it on management of receivables and prepaid expenses. Ralph’s team has done a great job of managing inventory. We continue to manage our payables process. And when you’re a company as large as us, where you commonly have $15 billion or so of receivables or $10 billion worth of payables, you can work effectively with your partners, with your customers with your vendors to really improve working capital. That’s where a lot of the improvement is coming from. And we believe we cannot only maintain that going forward, but I’m optimistic that we can continue to improve upon it.
John Stephens: So, Brett, let me take a shot at it and I’ll ask Ralph to make sure we give you clarity with regard to the specifics of the network build. First and foremost, we are seeing efficiencies throughout our CapEx program from our procurement efforts, our price per unit efforts are a One AT&T cost initiative which we call our should costing process. What we’re seeing is across all network programs, but because LTE is such a large piece of the network spend this year, we are seeing it there. Secondly, with some prudent planning, both from our marketing sales guys on the demand aspect and our network guys on supply aspect of a quality network, we’ve been able to be really efficient with capacity that we’re building in our 3G and 4G network, as opposed to new capacity we’re building on LTE. And that’s worked quite well. I’d expect us to be able to continue to provide efficiency in this, I think they’ve done great work, but I think there’s more to come. I think it’ll get better. With regard to our LTE build, I believe we’ve publicly stated we’re touching 90% of the cell sites in any market that we convert to LTE. So we’re doing a, what I would consider a rather dense, a rather complete conversion. We’re not doing what some other companies are doing with regard to a more scarce build-out. I think that goes to the quality of speeds that Ralph talked about, where they are far in excess of the 5 MB to 12 MB speed that we had talked about previously.
Ralph de la Vega: Thank you John. And Simon, the results from our mobile share plans are just fantastic. I am just thrilled with what we’ve seen early on. First of all, as we mentioned on the call, the take rate, 2 million in five weeks, is outstanding. The fact that a third or more of our sales are picking the 10 GB or higher plan says that the ARPU that we were expecting from these plants is actually higher than what we expected. So we don’t anticipate these plans being dilutive. And in fact, this is yet to play out, but they could be accretive. And you’re seeing ARPU, as we reported, reflect some of that. In addition to that, I mentioned something that’s also very unique is that we’re seeing about 15% of subscribers move from unlimited to mobile share plans. I think that more customers we have on usage-based plans the better we are. So I’m just really thrilled. What it really does for our future, Simon, is as we head into the fourth quarter, we’re going in with a nice pace of mobile share customers. And then we’re making available what I think is the industry’s best line up of tablets. They have the full lineup of Apple, the full lineup of Android, and then the exclusive launches for the Amazon Fire HD and for the Windows 8 tablets. So I think that we’re going to have a really nice quarter with significant additions of tablets as a result of our mobile share progress.
Ralph de la Vega: John, I think that what is happening with supplies of iPhones during the launch is what we typically have experienced. In these first few weeks after launch, there typically is a supply constraint. And then it usually eases up, and I don’t expect this iPhone launch to be any different. We have seen what happens during an iPhone launch, there’s a huge spike in orders, and then they slow down, and then they get more reasonable because of the process that we use. And we’ve seen already that happen. So I feel very comfortable that we’re in a position where we’ll be able to add additional customers as supply becomes available. We actually have seen in days in which we have supply available reach 5,000 or 10,000 net adds in a day compared to days that we don’t. So we see that the net additions are fluctuation of inventory more so than anything else and we’re pretty confident like in other launches that, that inventory will become available and we’re going to do even better in the fourth quarter. In terms of the smartphone mix, I love what we have done. As we mentioned in the report, we have added 1.4 million smartphones in the quarter, which means we’ve actually converted customers as well, customers that were paying us feature phone revenues, and almost doubling their revenues to us as we add 1.4 million smartphones. So I’m very pleased with the mix. As we reported, we sold over 6 million smartphones in the quarter, which is up 1.2 million over a year ago and up 900,000 over the past quarter. So I feel really good that we’re improving the mix of smartphones, which is a platform for future growth. And which by the way, John, we look forward to our meeting with you on November 7 and talking to you beyond the current quarter and the current year how we’re going to use that smartphone platform to grow a host of other services that will allow us to grow ARPU.
Ralph de la Vega: I’m glad that we keep our CFO happy. But actually it gets even better that what John told you because what I really love about what we’re taking in terms of an approach to our business is we’re taking this massive data growth and then we’re building products and services on top of that. One of the best examples I can give you is our launch of Digitize that will happen next year. And it, again, leverages this huge smartphone database and adds services on top of it and not just data access, but services that differentiate us from the competition. So you’re talking about connecting the home with service automation and security monitoring. We’re talking about connecting your car with all kinds of entertainment services. So I see this huge level of services that are over and above the basic access. And so I think that future growth is in data but also services that we’re going to layer on top of that great smartphone platform...
Ralph de la Vega: So, Mike, I think some of the things driving our pricing and the price moves we made almost a year ago where we increased our data pricing. And that is driving our revenue growth. But we’re also seeing people sign up for more data. And the fact is, as you sell more smartphones or more tablets, people need more data. And the fact that we have a base that I think is the largest base in the industry with usage-based data pricing means as usage goes up, we can see some of that lift also coming from additional ARPU. So not only do we feel good where we are, but I feel really good about where we’re going, because you have to have that base of usage base in order to be able to monetize the data growth that we foresee in the future.
Ralph de la Vega: Mike, this is Ralph. Let me address the issue on what we’re seeing with customer upgrade cycles. First of all, I think some of the policy changes that we put in definitely have impacted some of that behavior. And our approach is to give the customer a choice. If they want to get in earlier upgrade, they can do so by paying us an appropriate amount. But we also have done some research, Mike, that addresses that issue of, it’s just customer behavior in general changing, and we’re seeing a slight change. We do see some customers that don’t want to go through the upgrade process. And they’re very happy with their devices. It’s a smaller number than you would think, but we’re beginning to see a trend with some customers that they’re just as happy to keep the devices. If you look at some of the latest changes maybe they don’t perceive them as being so significant that they need to upgrade and go through that process. So, we’re seeing a slight change with a small number of customers that are holding onto the devices longer. And they’re real happy. They’re not churning. They’re staying with us, and that is also fine with us.
Ralph de la Vega: Tim, we work every day to look for devices that cost less and carry less subsidy. And we’re definitely seeing some very nice devices these days that have all the features that customers want with less subsidy than we have seen actually in prior years. So we like the lineup that we have with Lumia devices coming in from Nokia. They are very nice devices, and they fit that same mold. So I see more and more devices coming to market that gives us the opportunity to continue to work on subsidies, which is something that is at the top of mine. But the way we want to do it, is to have a great device that customers love, that carry less subsidy for us. We’re not trying to scrimp on what we give the customer. So I feel very good that there’s going to be opportunities to drive that down in the future as result of this great technology that we’re seeing where the devices have great technology and they’re actually cheaper to make. And so we can pass some of those savings on to the consumer. And some of them we can use to actually reduce our subsidies.
Ralph de la Vega: And Jason, concerning the performance of our data plans and LTE in general compared to wired broadband, I am thrilled, first of all, with the performance of our network. We said it was averaging 5 to 12 Mb per second. But, quite frankly, it’s much higher in some markets. We are just being conservative on what to say, but when you compare it to even Wi-Fi in some cases, it’s even faster. So it is performing in an incredible, incredible way. And then to answer that, the response that we have seen in mobile share, say absolutely that I think there is a place where in some rural areas where I see the outline, that it could serve as an alternative to wired broadband. Certainly in terms of speed and reliability and flexibility, it is absolutely very, very possible. And were going to be talking to you about that on November 7, giving you more details about our thinking of how we can use this technology. And, quite frankly, the customer reception to the technology in terms of their willingness to pay for great quality data in large, large amounts on November 7 when we meet with you and give you more guidance on our future growth plans.
Ralph de la Vega: Let me first address the pricing rationale. And I think I’m very comfortable with the pricing that we’ve put in place. I think it’s very competitive, and I think these mobile share plans are very compelling to customers. And I think those that don’t put them in, in the industry will probably have to rethink down the road because I think the reception has been exceptional. We mentioned that this quarter was a bit unique for us, Dave, in that we had 10 days of an iPhone launch and in those first 10 days what we see is a preponderance of iPhone customers, existing iPhone customers, which happen to be the best customers we have, the most loyal, with the highest ARPU, sign up in record numbers and use up the available inventory. I think that’s actually a good sign, because it says that our customer base is loyal to AT&T and staying loyal to AT&T and it’s actually reflected in the postpaid churn numbers, which are the best postpaid churn numbers for any third quarter in the company’s history. So if you’re trying to grow customers, the first thing you got to do is retain your base and we’re doing that. When we get additional inventory and when we go into the fourth quarter with a great lineup of tablets and our mobile share base, I am very certain that we’re going to improve our performance compared to we were in the third quarter, in terms of net customer additions. But what I love about the strategy we have, Dave, is that we’re not reliant on connecting more people or playing the traditional postpaid net adds game. What we’re going to talk to you on November 7 is that we’re planning to grow the business by layering services, like Digitize, on top of this great base of customers that we have. Those services are not dependent on adding more customers per se, but connecting more houses, connecting more cars and connecting more things that drive significant revenue streams with good margins for us and in a position which I think we hold the lead in the industry in, and that’s what we’ll share with you on November 7. So this is what I see in our future and I feel very confident about that. In terms of what we see happening with others in the industry, I don’t think anything we have seen changes are plan. We’re going to execute our plan and we’re going to let others react to our plan, instead of us reacting to them. But I feel very comfortable that we have the right strategy, both short term and long term, to continue to grow this business. And I tell you, I’m just thrilled that the network is performing as well as it is. We’re seeing great reception to our LTE services and data plans. We’re driving, if you look at our postpaid churn, significant improvement in postpaid churn, the best we’ve ever had. You look at ARPU, my gosh, the service ARPU being, in terms of our ARPU growth, the best in six quarters, postpaid ARPU growth. That says that the strategy that we’re driving is the right strategy and we’re going to continue to drive that. And if you look at John Stephens, he’s really happy with the cash flow we’re delivering. So I think it all bodes well for us.
Ralph de la Vega: Brett, I just wanted to add to what John has said, that our network team has done a fantastic job of building out great coverage, with great reliability, at a really low cost. In addition to that, the products and services that are rolling out are some of the best that we have seen. The iPhone 5, for example, has some of the lowest drop call rates in this network environment that we have seen of almost any phone. So we think as we move customers to our LTE network, it improves their service, it gives them great data, it actually improves the voice performance and at the same time, it relieves our HSPA plus network and the HSPA plus network gets better and we think that churn will be lower. So I’m very, very bullish on what this is going to do and we’re just getting started with the new products and services you’re going to see from us on the great LTE network that our team is building.
