John Stankey: Good morning, John. How are you? So on your first question, first, I'd start out by saying whatever happens going forward, we've been focused on ensuring that we try to set up the business to respond to what the customer wants to do with their accounts and keep that a focus of what we think our strategy ought to be and how we go-to-market. And I think it's important to understand that whatever happens going forward is going to be a factor how customers decide to do things. And I think we'll be positioned as a company to deal with that either way. There is seasonality. First of all, as you know, when we get into a new device cycle coming out from typically one of the handset providers, there's a little bit of a suppression effect that occurs a month or two before they go to market, and then there is an increase in acceleration that occurs. And as you heard both Pascal and I talk about, we've expected that that cycle is going to continue, and I think we're in a good position with our guidance to be able to adjust to whichever way it goes. I've looked at some of the notes that have been written recently about sizing and looking at this particular dynamic. And I think that they're directionally consistent when you start thinking about the reality that we have accounts that have discrete handsets that mature in their cycles at different times. You typically don't have an entire account, at least in how we built our customer base that gets to a upgrade cycle all at the same time. So we're able to kind of look at history and understand a little bit about it. And if the customer decides that there is meaningful features in the new devices, we're going to respond to it. We're going to deal with it. But I feel like we're in pretty good shape to make that happen one way or another. Now whether or not there is something more compelling in this cycle, frankly, none of us know exactly what's going to come in. We do have some reference points. There have been other AI devices that have come into the handset ecosystem over the last couple of months. I haven't seen anything in them that suggests to me it's going to cause customers to immediately say this is world-changing for them, but it doesn't mean that somebody doesn't unlock the key at some point. Typically these feature enhancements take one or two cycles to get them right and ultimately bring them forward, but time will tell remains to be seen. I would also say that there's a lot of ways you can experience AI without having to necessarily change out hardware per se. I mean, we're already seeing that in ways that AI is implemented into search and browsers and things like that. So how customers get comfortable with it and start to adopt it, we'll watch and I think we'll go through the cycle. And if there's a little bit of spike at the front-end and then it slows down a little bit later, we've been through those cycles before and we'll do fine. Pascal, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
John Stankey: On your question about where we are with Gigapower, I'm going to defer the answer to your question. I plan -- I think I told you when we started this that I owed good insight and transparency on the data to the investment community around how we perform. And I kind of put a benchmark out there and we did that said we needed 18 months to go through what I consider to be a reasonable cycle of investment of turning the product up, getting into markets and penetrating it, getting an update to understand how we're performing. And we will be at that point right about it, Communacopia, and I expect I'll probably spend a little bit of my time at that session giving you the kind of insight you'd like. And I would tell you I'm looking forward to that opportunity to have that conversation. And my belief is we have a lot of opportunity to grow profitably on fiber and convergence in a variety of different models. And it's -- go back to the remarks I just made, we understand how to sell both products together, number-one. And I think as I move around the industry, one of the things I pick up, I'm being shared with those that we can partner with is, I think people notice that we seem to have a formula that's different in its capabilities and its effectiveness than maybe what they see occurring in other pockets around the United States. And so I think we are acknowledged of being pretty competent in this area and I'd like to press my bets in that regard. And we've done things such as, as you would expect, we do. One, we're not selling fixed wireless broadly across the footprint. So I think our competitive positioning with partners looks a little bit different than some. Two, because we did Gigapower, we built a back office for Gigapower that already has a wholesale relationship structure that works with AT&T and the Gigapower entity where we make that available to others. And if somebody wants to use that infrastructure and use it as a means to jointly market our products and services where our wireless can help their fixed assets, and we view that as being a very helpful dynamic of somebody who is trying to get scale. So I do see further runway and opportunity there for us to do more and we're active in that space and you should expect that as we move forward and we continue this race to convergence. It's one of the tools that we're going to do to put distance between ourselves and everybody else.
John Stankey: Good morning, Simon. On ACP, I think we indicated to you probably last quarter, maybe even the quarter before.
John Stankey: Yes, that we would be effective at working through this. We didn't see it as being material or significant. And I characterize that we saw no reason we continue to be able to deliver on our commitments back to you. And that is in fact happening and will happen. We are most of the way through the ACP effect. Has there been an effect, sure, a little bit. It's not the sole reason we're a little bit down on fixed broadband this quarter. There's other reasons moves are continuing to be a bit suppressed is one of them. Seasonally, second quarter tends to be down a bit. But we had a little bit of an impact because of some adjustments that were made going through that. But the vast majority of our customers, most importantly, we know who these customers are, right, because we know that they're getting the discount are through a transition process and we feel fine about it. I'm pretty proud and pleased with how our prepaid business performed this quarter. It had some impacts from ACP associated with it. But I think if you look at where we were with churn and where we were with gross adds and net adds in that space, I think we came through it and demonstrated that we had good-quality customers who still need to use the service one way or the other and we've accommodated them. So we still got a couple of people hanging out there on some what I will call transitional promotions. I expect that there'll be a little bit of shrink in some of those transitional promotions. They're all following our expectations as we calculated what we thought the impacts are going to be. They're all consistent with the guidance that we have been giving you. So I wish we hadn't had to go through this with our customer base. We did, but I think we've handled it well and we're largely through the impacts at this juncture and moving on to do other good growth. In terms of where we are, we've been very clear that we'll give you kind of an update on our capital allocation strategy as we approach this 2.5 times adjusted net debt to EBITDA ratio in the first half of next year. I would expect that as we go through our normal cycle toward the end of the year here as we start to give guidance for next year, you'll get what you need in terms of moving forward. And I don't think there's going to be any shocks in this. Our priorities remain the same. We want to make sure we can continue to grow the business. That's first and foremost. I want to leave a business to whoever sits in my chair later that has a good strong sustainable franchise that can be healthy and that the next generation of individuals that work at this Company feel confident and proud about where the Company is going to go. And we'll invest in a way that we make sure that we have that capability and that kind of a franchise built. Then of course, we want to continue to maintain our commitments to our bondholders and our dividend, and those are what I would say the top three. But as you know, we'll have some optionality to go beyond that as we get into next year. And I think we'll be very deliberate about that. The Board is being very deliberate about it right now. We're spending multiple cycles on it. We're spending a lot of time looking at scenarios. I think we'll continue to invest in growth in this business at some level in some way, but I also believe we have optionality to change our formula around how we return to shareholders. And I think you'll see us employ the right approach to that.
John Stankey: Hi, good morning, Jim. So our fiber targets as Simon alluded to earlier, it's 30 million passings by next year. And we're well on our way to doing that, and you can check the box if that's going to occur. And as I just said, I expect that with what we've been seeing and the performance of fiber, and I've been pretty clear about this for our in-region organically developed and built fiber, our returns on the overall investment portfolio have been better than we expected when we kind of started into this process in the call it the 2014-'15 timeframe. And we're giving you some additional insight this quarter as you now understand what some of the strengths are as we get into these markets where we begin to have some scale in the fiber footprint that we can jointly market, both wireless and fixed together. So that's a really powerful combination for us. And that return characteristic, I would say is still call it in the early innings. We still have a ways to go. As you saw by the numbers we put out there, it's great progress. It's clearly, I think probably the strongest in the industry, but there's still a lot of headroom in there. And I think to the extent that we fine-tune that play and we begin to bring in some of the product innovation that we want that's joint between these things and the service innovation, we can do even better and improve that return. Hence, you know my comment to Simon's or my answer to Simon's question, do I think we're going to continue to invest in growth moving forward and move beyond 30 million passings? I think the answer to that is probably exactly what that number is in pace. We'll give you a little bit more color as we get into the latter part of this year and make sure that we've got the Board 100% where we -- we're all in the same mindset around that. And as I said, we're going through that process right now to make sure we're deliberate. I think one of the things that you should keep in mind as we go through that is what I said to John. We have a lot of tools of which we can go in and put a good converged offer in place and a lot of ways to do it. And I think because our financial returns have been as strong as they are, there's a lot of capital out there available and people want to enable partner and there's a lot of ways we can go about doing this, whether that's through capital-light approaches with straight wholesale and becoming a good partner to others that are building or doing partnership arrangements or doing organic build. And I think we're going to take advantage of all three and we can do that in a way that drives really good returns back into the business that everybody looks at and says that makes a lot of sense. In terms of where we are on the Internet Air run rate, you should expect that we're going to continue to grow and you'll see improvements in our rates associated with that. But I don't want you to take that and say that that's an artifact of a change in strategy. We are executing the strategy we put out. And again, I don't want to sound like a broken record, but I've articulated that our strategy is a bit different than others. We're not broadly offering Internet Air everywhere we do business. We're being selective in how we do that. We're doing it in places where it makes sense to aid our transition from legacy technology to new technology that helps us take cost out of the business. We're doing it in places where we have very fallow capacity that we can be confident will be long-lived in nature and not something that we end up having to incrementally invest in two years out after we sell into the market. We're doing it, as I said last quarter, any place the right business customer wants to buy it will sell it. And that means whether we've got capacity or not, the business product is a different product. The business product has different usage characteristics. The business product has different ARPU characteristics and the business product has different characteristics around how you can bundle and serve multiple products together. And so I feel very comfortable in a nationwide offer on business that when we pick up the right customer there and how we employ that capability, either for primary or backup that we can profitably add it to other portfolios into our service offerings and reinvest in it in a way that makes sense for the business. So you'll continue to see us scale further in the business market. We're still getting the distribution tuned and honed in that space, and I would expect you see improvement in our numbers in the business segment as we move forward in the coming quarters.
John Stankey: Hi, Sebastiano. So to answer your question, first of all, I think it's important to frame that it starts with a point-of-view that we view capacity as being a fixed resource that has to be managed very, very carefully, and so made some comments earlier about our point-of-view around fixed wireless and how we deploy that spectrum and where we deploy that capacity. I mean, it ties into a point-of-view of how do we invest in the network moving forward and how do we monetize that scarce resources effectively as we can. And that's part of our planning, and look, the good news is we put a lot of capacity out there over the course of the last couple of years and we have a little bit more to go. But we're using that wisely. We're being very deliberate around how we deploy it. We want to make sure we give ourselves the longest runway to return as we can. And I think our strategies are directly proportional to that. And I don't think you should disconnect our investment in fiber from the fact that we've got spectrum planning issues to do and I'll get to maybe that part in just a minute. All right. We think that a good way to pick up high-density traffic in places is to do it over fiber, not to do it over wireless. And so that's a difference and maybe my point-of-view on to Dave's question, convergence, and how the market develops over time and trying to be deliberate in how we do capital allocation. Now in the near term, I expect we're going to be using every trick in the book as we historically do to ensure that we can deal with the 30% growth. One trick in the book is you continue to advocate for policy change. And I've been pretty vocal. I mean, I -- you go and look in some of the comments I've made, I've gone out of my way to walk into some public forums to say that I do not think spectrum policy in this country is on the right path right now. And that change could come possibly with a change of posture from the existing administration, which may get tweaked and adjusted by a new leader or by an administration change. And that's important because I think there are things we can do from a policy side to improve the availability of spectrum, which is the most effective way to increase capacity in a network, and we'll continue to advocate and push for those changes as we move forward. Second, there are some options in the secondary market. Some of them that will be available through normal course and frankly, some others that could be made available if there were some policy and spectrum adjustments made to how particular spectrum assets that have been put into the speculator market that they're out there could potentially be used and put to use. And I think a good policy for this country right now would be that for everything that we have licensed that we'd want it to actually be invested in and turned into service. And it seems to me that, that would be a good thing, especially when this country is behind other countries like China and other regions of the world and getting licensed spectrum into service. So I would suggest that if we look at that, there is some near-term opportunity to use existing licensed spectrum that's out there by just tweaking some rules and doing some things differently to get investment in it and actually, get capacity in. Third, we talked about what we're doing around O-RAN. And I think if you go back to my comments, I shared with you that one of the reasons we think that it's so critical that we open these interfaces up and we take this step is to play in the next generation of wireless deployment. It's in more distributed radiation points rather than macro sites, and to get the benefits of openness in the cost curves, in the flexibility. I've seen those interfaces open and getting a multi-vendor environment and then using our dense fiber assets that we're deploying is a match made in heaven to be able to deal with that growth in a more cost-effective way. And so that's a deliberate aspect of our strategy as to why we're doing O-RAN the way we're doing, why we're thinking about O-RAN is busting open the smaller cell structure to get more innovation, more providers, and how to then layer that on top of the fact that we're putting denser fiber reaches into our network that allows for us to take advantage of that. That allows for a more efficient growth of capacity as we move forward. So I would tell you that I think we've got a lot of tools in place to be able to do this, but it starts with market discipline around how you sell the product and service. And I feel like we're in a pretty good shape around our mix of fixed and mobile assets and how we're thinking about that evolution of convergence.
John Stankey: Hi, Michael. So look, I would tell you the story really isn't a whole lot different than it's been. We're intercepting customers and channels where we think we can make a difference and where we can add them profitably. You can look at the macro numbers and you'll notice one of the things that's occurring is we're growing a little bit faster in the business segment on wireless than we are in the consumer segment. And part of why we grow better in business is because we're doing better in some of the government, public safety, you know, first responder structures, and that's a help of what's occurring there. And as we get with our large enterprise relationships, do the right thing in that space that can help us grow a little bit quicker. But our intercept channels around how we've been picking up customers in the consumer space are -- they've been strong. They've gotten a little bit stronger. We've been able to demonstrate that we can work with them on a quarter-to-quarter basis and do some things to tweak how we're going to market and make them more successful. And I think you're going to see that if you went and dissected that, we got a little bit from a lot of different places. We didn't just get it from one. And I'm particularly pleased that we're really not just driving this, as I've said before, from very aggressive low-ball national offers with low-price entry points to be able to pick up those customers. When you look at our growth of converged services, you should conclude that we're getting incrementally better quarter-over-quarter around marketing to our consolidated basis of either wireless, no broadband, or broadband, no wireless. So as all those things come together, that's why we did a bit better and we'll continue to take that where we can as long as we can take it profitably. Where we are on kind of costs? Look, I just point to the fact that we're continuing to get margin accretion in our business and you're seeing it. And you're getting margin accretion that outstrips the service revenue growth because we're managing the cost structure more effectively. And I don't go to sleep at night worrying about not having more opportunities to run the business more effectively. I think we have opportunities as we reposition this business to be a 5G and fiber provider. There's a lot of infrastructure and a lot of overheads that have been built up to make this business what it was over a century. And on a base of technology that was great when it was available and it served its time, but it's not going to be the technology that takes us forward into the next decade. And so we're getting better every year at mining out those costs. We continue to make progress on the regulatory front. It's a state-by-state battle, but we're making progress on the regulatory front and getting the flexibility to change those cost structures. I think this management team has done an exceptional job of retooling our labor structure around these things and I feel really good about what we've been able to do. And I think we're positioning this Company for an opportunity for growth and a sustainable franchise moving forward that will give people an opportunity for great careers advancing that I feel really good about. It's hard work. We still got a ways to go, but we're getting there. And technology is working in our favor right now. When I said earlier that we put a lot of fiber out there, I've mentioned it to you, we are seeing the benefits in our operating costs as a result of that. And I don't mean to beat a dead horse, but as I said, I wish I was early in my career right now operating in our network organization because what we see in failure rates, in reliability, and on-time performance and what we're able to do to avoid missed appointments because the network just works the right way, and we're not dealing with unexpected things, makes for an operating environment that is far more cost-effective than it's ever been. And we're getting help with technology on the software side. And that software is allowing us to do more that's taking labor out of our labor-intensive processes that allow us to serve customers better and have them walk away feeling better about their experience with AT&T. So we're making good progress. We're going to continue to do that. And I would tell you, I think we can continue to take cost out of this business, continue to improve our consumer margins, continue to hold what I think are some of the best competitive margins in the wireless industry, and grow the business.
John Stankey: Yes. I don't mean to sound like a broken record again, Bryan, but I'm going to. I think we've been talking about the fact that we saw volumes moderating in the market for a period of time. And I think what we're seeing this year, even though we're a little bit ahead of the first half of last year, I still expect we're going to see a little bit moderating volumes in aggregate in the industry, and that's been all part and parcel to our guidance and our expectations moving forward with you. I would go back to the fact I think what makes our circumstances unique is, yes, we have part of our business that's focused on the fact that you want the industry to continue to grow and it's doing that. It's doing that because people need to use more of your product. They'll pay you more for better performance and more features and we're certainly seeing that. But we also have a share-take opportunity and that share-take opportunity allows us to create our own growth by ultimately winning customers from others and that's part of our formula that's been effective moving forward. And boy, if we get the formula figured out in the mid-part of the business market, which we continue to work really hard on and haven't gotten quite where I'd like to get, I think that could be another great opportunity for us to show incremental improvement in our performance. Look, what I would also tell you is, do I think that ultimately, we're going to see a situation where the quality of growth is examined more carefully, yes, I do. And I feel really good about what we've done around that. I think the quality of growth that we're bringing forward in this quarter, you can tie a direct relationship to customers that are coming on the payroll to ultimately EBITDA growth in this business. And they're all paying, they're all doing the right thing, and I'll take that quality of growth going forward. I don't worry about the circumstances. I don't get nervous about it because we've been doing that for many, many quarters. It's not an adjustment to our plan. We're going to continue to go find those quality customers with a competitive offering and bring them in, and that will ultimately sustain the business going forward. And I don't think this is an issue of price increases -- for price increases sake. We've been able to demonstrate more value to a customer. We've been able to give them more things. We've been able to do more for them on their accounts. We have continued room to be able to do that to differentiate the product and service. And when we deliver that value, ultimately, command some improvement in ARPUs moving forward. With that, Brett, I'm going to thank everybody for their time this morning. Appreciate it. I -- as I said in my opening remarks, it feels like we're in a little bit of a repeat and rinse and repeat cycle here. That's a good thing. We've been pretty consistent in our approach. I don't have a lot of new things to tell you about how we've been executing around things other than we're doing what we did the previous quarter. And I don't mean to belabor it, but I think at the end of the day, that was clearly one of the objectives of this management team, which was to get to something that allows us week in and week out, month in and month out, quarter in and quarter out to try to manage the same set of issues and get incrementally better. And I think you're seeing that happen in this Company right now and that focus is helpful for us over time and I think we still have more miles to run and actually improve in that play.
John Stankey: So thank you for your time and thank you for your interest in AT&T, and I hope everybody enjoys the balance of their summer.
