Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Stuart. I am inspired by the opportunities ahead, as we continue to execute our long-term strategy. Our mission to inspire the world to play is evolving and expanding beyond the traditional bounds of play. Technological advancements are powering creativity and innovation, transforming what we can deliver. We are positioned to bring bigger, broader games and experiences to an even larger global audience in the coming years. Our awesome teams, industry leading technology, world-class IP, and global network of players position EA as a leader of the future of entertainment. Now, Stuart and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, let me start with this. Let's take a look at sort of the business over the longer term. We're laying out that overarching framework. It's kind of grounded in three pieces, accelerating growth on the top line, expanding leverage on the bottom and increasing cash flow. We're looking at that through a couple of different lenses. So one is, we do expect to continue to drive compounding growth across our core franchises. Plus, we expect to release from our pipeline that's been in development. And both of those will be bolstered, by expanded player acquisition, engagement and retention. As you know, our live services make up almost three quarters of our business, which highlights the evergreen nature of that business model and thus the ability to drive compounded growth, on those franchises through the future. New releases are the second part and they're an important lever for us, on that multi-year growth journey. And we're really flagging, through the long-term journey. They'll create some non-linearity in that growth, in terms of how we accelerate through the later years, depending on timing around that pipeline. Additional context would be that as we continue to drive through live service, and we see greater digital, we get far more accretion through that mix. We're also continuing to be really focused around getting leverage and scale out of OpEx in terms of our cost structure to drive growth. So, we think about those four pieces, core compounding growth across our current core business and live services, a more digital nature around that drives accretion and scale. Add to that the new releases that come through the pipeline, and ongoing management of costs, to ensure that we're investing for the future will ultimately provide leverage over the long-term for us.
Andrew Wilson: Hi, Matt. So, I'll quickly touch on the Apple one first. Yes, we're also aware of the intentions to update the European app store tied to their fees. We're still actively reviewing all of those updates and sort of working to understand potential implications to our business and any changes that may flow through from a gross margin perspective. As we gain more insight, understanding, we'll be able to provide a more update sort of next quarter in terms of how that might map through for us and impact gross margin, but no updates, or reflection of that at this point.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, great question. Thank you. First and foremost, I would go back to as a core entertainment company, it is always important that, we are developing and investing in new IP, to grow the future pipeline opportunity, that optionality that Stuart referred to earlier. And we have the strongest pipeline, I think we've had in many, many years as we go into those out years in terms of both our core IP and new IP. If we look at the trailing 12-months, both in terms of engagement and monetization, what we do see however, is that the biggest games are these games that really entertain and engage massive online communities. And these are existing franchises that either evolve on a month-by-month cadence, or evolve with annual releases plus live services. And so, as we think about the foundation of growth for our business, we think about FC. Again, this was the first year of FC branding. What we've spoken about in the past few quarters, is having that FC branding and partnering more closely with the core leagues in territory gives us more growth opportunities, than we believe we ever had before. It is building around Madden NFL and expanding the broader college football base, but it's also investing in the Sims and in Apex and in Battlefield. And ultimately some of those as we go down through the next coming years. And so, while we will continue to invest meaningfully behind new IP, and we will be thoughtful and focused on those investments, we see significant opportunity based on how communities are coming together in games, around our biggest franchises, FC, Madden, Sims, Battlefield, Apex. And we will work meaningfully, to expand those over the coming years.
Andrew Wilson: Incredible question, and also very insightful. And certainly, as you think about our network, which is well over 700 million right now, about half of that interact with our sports games. And so, as we think about our sports community, it is almost certainly one of the largest collective sports communities on the planet. As we think about EA SPORTS as a brand, we know from brand research around the world. It's also one of the most recognizable and recognized sports brands. And as we think about emerging consumer generations, Gen Z and Gen Alpha, for many of them, their first relationship with sports comes through their relationship with the leagues and teams and sports they love, as a result of their interaction with their EA SPORTS products. And so, what we know to be true is right now, as we think about our players. They spend on average about 90 minutes a session inside of one of our games. They then leave that game experience, where they've been deeply connected with their core friend unit, and they go and they talk about that experience on another platform. And then they go and create content about, that experience on yet another platform, and then finally, they go and watch that content on another platform. We do believe, we have a meaningful opportunity over the coming years to actually harness the power of that community, both inside and outside of our games, which is really the third pillar of our core strategy, and will be led by our EA SPORTS brand. So again, a super insightful question, nothing to announce today, but you should imagine that we see the very same thing. We see an incredible opportunity by virtue of the breadth and depth of our sports portfolio, the breadth and depth of our sports relationships around the world, which I think are unmatched on a global basis, and certainly the size and magnitude of our sports gaming community, and the relationship they have with their favorite sports through us, but more importantly, the connections that they're making with their friends, as a result of the time they spend with us. We think there's a meaningful opportunity for us to expand on that, both inside the game, and we're seeing that already, in our core products like FC and Madden, but also outside the game. And some of the starting points of that, are some of the deals that we've done with our licensed partners that do allow us to bring highlights, and other non-gaming content into the ecosystem broadly. So, best I can say is watch this space.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, again, great questions. I think the relationship between the NFL and the NBA and the likes of ESPN, is super interesting to us. I would think about this on two vectors. One, we have incredible relationships with our sports leagues. Many of them we've had for over 30 years and they have evolved with us, and we have evolved with them. A big part of what we have done through the rebrand of FC, is actually gotten significantly closer to our European Football League partners. And much of what we've done as we have renewed and bolstered those relationships for the next decade, and beyond is really think about, how we can come together in service of fans more broadly, not just fans in the context of interactive gameplay. And part of what you're seeing here as we start to bring highlights into our games and really think about FC as a platform, is kind of testament to that evolution of the nature of our relationship. I do believe that we have the opportunity to do the same, with the NFL and the NBA and you should imagine that we're working very closely with all of our league partners, NHL, UFC, F1, and we see a tremendous opportunity to really think about, EA SPORTS as a platform for engagement, and how we might grow in service of our fans, with our league partners. I would also highlight we've had a relationship with ESPN for the best part of 30 years and have worked very closely with them and continue to work very closely with ESPN and the Walt Disney Company as we think about the future of entertainment broadly. And so, we feel very good about our position in this future. We feel very good about the connection we have with the fans. We feel very good about our opportunity to grow our business as a result of this evolved service opportunity we have with them.
Andrew Wilson: I guess - at a macro level we're really, really happy with that event. It was very well received by the community and it actually performed incredibly well. And certainly as we were in what was a very, very competitive quarter, there were a couple of competitive titles that, actually did some really unique and interesting things in the quarter. And so, the performance of Apex with that collection event in the context of some of these other unique things happening in the competitive landscape. We think shows tremendous promise for how the franchise continues into Season 20 and beyond. I've spent a lot of time with the team lately. The team are very committed to the game. They're very committed to the community. They're working diligently to offer new types of content and new types of mechanics into the game. And they've put tools in place to test those meaningfully to ensure that, both they're enhancing gameplay. But also that they're fulfilling the needs and motivations of the community. And I'm very encouraged by what we saw out of that collection event. And I'm very encouraged as we go into Season 20 and all the new and interesting things that the team's doing.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, I think we're still learning and the team is now thinking through, what that might look like. Remember, Apex is this incredible game that has attracted hundreds of millions of people to play. That's tremendous retention in its core. And underneath that core gameplay, which is incredible and what Respawn is known for, is also tremendously deep lore about who these characters are, where these characters come from, and how those characters interact in the world. And so, we have to be very thoughtful about any brand crossovers that we do, to make sure that we're not impeding on the authenticity of the characters or the game in any way. What I think the Final Fantasy crossover did was actually open our eyes to the kinds of things that are possible, and the kind of things that will be super well received by our core fan base and new fans alike. And how that lines up with the core law of the game. And so I would expect that we have more opportunities to do this in the future. But I would also expect that the team will continue to protect both the core game play, the core character set and the core law in the world, what this event does show is we have probably more ability to do things in that direction than we may have thought previously.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. A lot there, and you're a little quiet at the beginning, but I think what you're asking or was suggesting there has been some rumors that Nintendo was doing a new console, and to the extent that I'm able to comment on things that are not yet announced, do I think that might benefit our company and our portfolio? Again, I can absolutely not comment on anything that has not been announced or acknowledge it in any way. What I would say, though, is, to the extent that platforms over the course of the last 20 years have come out and offered improved CPU, GPU, memory, battery life, screen resolution, to the extent those things have happened, where we're able to deliver more immersion for our players, particularly around our biggest franchises like FC, like Madden, like Battlefield, like Apex that has typically been very good for our business. Our players' ability to really experience our games at the highest level has typically worked out very well for us. And so without commenting at all on anything around Nintendo or the Switch, I would just say. New platforms are good for us, where new platforms offer improved CPU, GPU, memory, battery life, screen resolution that typically is a plus for our particular portfolio of games and the community that plays them.
Andrew Wilson: Okay. Thank you all for being here, and thank you for your great questions, really good questions today. I want to extend my deepest appreciation to our teams for their passion, their hard work and commitment in delivering incredible interactive entertainment to our growing global communities. And to close, I'd say, we're confident in our ability to deliver value through our accelerated growth, forward operating leverage and increased cash flow over the longer term. We look forward to updating you next quarter on our fiscal year results on May 7. And before we sign off, it would be remiss of me if I didn't congratulate our local Bay Area team, the 49ers for making the Super Bowl hell of a game on Sunday, good luck against the Chiefs in Las Vegas, Go Niners.
Stuart Canfield: Andrew, this is Stuart. I'll take that. Yes, first of all, the range, as we look forward, we'll continue to be broader, in this case, in the quarter, in part for two reasons. One, it's a more dynamic quarter for us, as you referenced, on our core live services. And the range is that, it reflects the both strength and opportunity we see. So, we're slapping a record World Cup comp for FC, and also is a fiscal high quarter for Apex. The second part, I'd also flag is that, as a reminder on the prepared remarks, is that we have eight points of headwind as well from timing of content released in the prior year. So, hence, the spread between the top and the bottom, is based around the biggest dynamic services we have in the quarter, particularly FC and Apex.
Stuart Canfield: And on college football, our expectation is it will be additive. As we think about Madden, Madden is performing incredibly well this year. As we said in our prepared remarks, the biggest game, the biggest sports game in calendar year 2023, we're seeing increased engagement in the game and increased monetization in Ultimate Team as part of that. The team is continuing to invest meaningfully into the modes of Madden and the expansion of Madden as a product and certainly as we look at the NFL broadly and the fan base continue to grow and the incredible season we're having this year, our expectation is that we will invest behind Madden and grow Madden, and that what college football represents as a game that's been 10 years in the waiting for our fans. Is that there's incredible amount of pent up demand and we expect that to be additive to the ecosystem. And over the broad course of time, the way our team thinks about this, is how do we really expand the football community in this country and internationally through a combination of both Madden and college that, we think will be both complementary in gameplay, but overall additive to the ecosystem.
Stuart Canfield: And then on subscription, remember we have been early in subscription as a company. We have EA Play as a subscription that exists across platforms. It is part of the Game Pass Ultimate service on Xbox Live as well. I think that we believe, as we look forward that subscription will be a meaningful part of our industry, over the course of time. It hasn't really translated in the same way that a linear television or movie subscription has or a music subscription, just because of the nature of engagement in our content relative to those other mediums. However, as we think about the future, we do believe there is an opportunity to fundamentally disrupt how households consume content broadly. As we look at leaders in a space like Netflix and them leaning into games, as we listen to the performance of Warner Brothers' games division and their conversation around how that might feed into their broader subscription over time. We think we are in an incredibly strong position to continue to lead on subscription, at least as it relates with interactive, because of both the depth and the breadth of our portfolio, which as we look at our portfolio, we believe it is unrivaled in the industry, and spans across many genres, including sport, which of course is a meaningful driver of entertainment value in the coming years.
Stuart Canfield: All right. I'll - give a quick position on the financial framing that you just talked to. So yes, sort of in Q3, we actually tracked up 5% at constant currency when you exclude lapping of Apex from the prior year. We did see improvement sequentially. We saw double-digit improvement between Q2 and Q3. Our overall mobile portfolio, as you talked to, you saw the strength that we called out in particular around FC within that mix. We saw double-digit growth year-on-year, as we even entered a World Cup comp. In terms of how we think about mobile, as we move forward. I think we've been very clear on the strategy that, we're focused on, which continues to lean into the success we've seen around FC and our broader ecosystems as both an entry point, and expansion for us in terms of players. We'll continue to lean and focus on those across our biggest opportunities through whether it's FC, Madden, Sims, Battlefield and beyond. Second part is we continue to look for the biggest hits in IP and opportunities that can stand alone on mobile itself. Wrapped inside of an incredibly disciplined approach as we've focused on driving profitability across this platform to some of our more historic levels versus the past. So, those are three kind of profiles we expect. So yes, quarter-over-quarter sequential improvement, strength overall year-on-year with plus 5% and a diligent strategy and approach from us around our biggest opportunities on ecosystems, IP within the platform with mobile itself, and obviously disciplined P&L performance around the business.
Stuart Canfield: Mike, just to kind of tackle your second question. Let's take '25 first, a second, and I'll build it back into the longer-term answer I gave before, and we prepared remarks on as well. So first on '25. So I think the key here is we expect growth in our core business. We're 73% Live Service and obviously have a consistent Full Game Sports release slate, plus we've talked to College coming in the summer next year in 2024. Second, we do have a lighter release slate, which obviously comps to a Star Wars launch and a more expansive sports like where we saw 8 titles released this year. And we've called out also that Battlefield is not in our FY '25 outlook, third, we continue to drive leverage. And I'll just point you to your question around sort of an investment year. You can see sort of by the underlying profitability range that we are still getting scale and leverage by virtue of efficiencies in the business. But also continue to resource and reallocate against some of our bigger growth opportunities. The last one, obviously is just a reminder, we continue to expense costs. So we continue to build into that acceleration that flows into the longer term beyond FY '25 that will be highly beneficial we think of operating leverage to some of the questions we've had earlier. So you kind of put that together. So FY '25, obviously a core business growth. We'll talk more about the details in our Q4 call, lighter slate ongoing scale and leverage from the core business itself and obviously, we expense as we go from an investment perspective. We do expect to see for all the titles in terms of new releases, plus ongoing growth in our core business that we do believe we continue to get accretion and long-term growth and incremental cash flow that accelerates through those following years to the comments we laid out earlier.
