Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Blake. FY'16 has been a groundbreaking year so far for Electronic Arts on so many fronts. Stunning new games, dynamic services, and new opportunities to connect and celebrate the passion for play we share with our players. Amazing game experiences begin with creativity and innovation, and we are focused on delivering that to players wherever they want to play. Leveraging the powerful Star Wars IP, we’re now connected with players in live services across three games, on three platforms, and three business models. In Star Wars Battlefront, an HD console experience, we are building a major franchise with passionate fans. In Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes, a free-to-download game on mobile, we have a successful new live service. And in Star Wars: The Old Republic, we’ve demonstrated the longevity of an experience that has great IP and content that continues to deliver enjoyment for our players. In Q4, we will go live with three new titles that further reflect the creativity, innovation and variety in our experiences today. Unravel launches on February 9, bringing Yarny’s journey to life in the charming and beautiful world crafted by our partners at Coldwood Interactive. On February 23, Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare 2 goes live, with all of its over-the-top action and hilarious characters ready for new and existing fans of this beloved franchise. Then on March 15, we return to the Octagon, with EA SPORTS UFC 2 set to debut featuring new fighters, new physics and new modes for fight fans around the world. Looking ahead to FY17, we will introduce breakthrough games from some of our biggest and most popular franchises. In Q1, we’ll begin with the creative and innovative Mirror’s Edge Catalyst from DICE launching in May. A great line-up of EA SPORTS titles are in development for next year, and we look forward to sharing more about these new experiences in the months ahead. An all-new Battlefield game from DICE will arrive in time for the holidays, we’re excited to have a new Titanfall experience coming from our friends at Respawn and of course, Mass Effect Andromeda from the team at BioWare will launch later in the fiscal year. Players in our live services will continue to experience engaging new content, expansions and updates, and we’ll have more new mobile titles as well. Competition runs deep in the DNA of Electronic Arts, and we’re thrilled to share that passion with our players through our new Competitive Gaming Division, led by Peter Moore. For years we have experienced the energy of competitive gaming through events and tournaments for our EA SPORTS and Battlefield communities. As the global gaming audience grows, we are working to deliver a best-in-class program of competitions that are accessible, engaging and entertaining at all levels, celebrating the talent and skill of our players. We are already underway, with players competing in the Madden NFL Live Challenge that culminates with the finals here in San Francisco during Super Bowl week. We’re excited to have Peter and the team unveil more of our plans as we get into FY17. From our new titles to our live services, new programs like Origin Access to new frontiers like competitive gaming, Electronic Arts continues to focus on putting our players first in everything we do. Games deliver on a fundamental human need for entertainment, and for each of us that means something unique and personal. A need to connect, to compete, to explore, to improve, to challenge, to share. We are focused on understanding these needs for every player, building stronger relationships so we can fulfill them at the right place and time, and unlocking the full potential of play through amazing new experiences. The commitment we have to our players continues to transform Electronic Arts, and galvanizes our efforts to deliver disruptive and innovative new ways to play. Now Blake, Peter and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: And on engagement, engagement has been strong, it's been a great game to play across most of generation, so the audience is much wider than a traditional Battlefield audience which is great for us. We’re introducing new people to Electronic Arts and to games and to the first person shooter genre, we have just announced our first batch of free content and our four maps that will form part of the premium service and we expect strong engagement with that going forward.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, I can take that. So what we have seen is really there is two groups that have either come for the first on or have come back to gaming. The first group is people quite frankly of my generation or my vintage, who have been gamers in the past, have for whatever reason moved away from it and particularly moved away from cool FPS shooters because they’ve became very hard and complicated and quite rightly brutal to play online. They’ve come back in a lot of the Star Wars IP and the commitment and the passion they have around that from their youth. At the same time they now have kids, we are of game playing age who may not have got into the first person shooter universe yet because of the nature of the content sort of some of those games. And so we’re seeing fathers and sons play, we are seeing mothers and daughters play because of the broad appeal and so the big groups that we’ve added is kind of a huge demographic, it’s typically younger than we have seen before as well as an older demographic that we may have had interaction with some years ago, but had lapsed out in recent years particularly from the first person shooter universe. And we’re looking now at how we continue to provide content and experience that engage those two new groups so that we maintain relationship with them overtime.
Andrew Wilson: I'll take the Madden Mobile one, as we think about all of our mobile games, you really think about them on four vectors; discovery, how someone will find the title whether that's through an App Store or through social representation, on boarding, how someone will get into the title, the games like mechanic itself, so actually what do you do while you're playing the game and then how that how do we run the servers that actually surrounds that game to make it new and interesting, fun and dynamic, and engaging on a moment-to-moment day-to-day basis. As we look at what we've done with Madden NFL Mobile over the last couple of years you will have seen we’ve fundamentally overhauled all four of those vectors since we first launched Madden on mobile devices. We now believe we have landed in a place that has a game that is very social in nature, has a game that onboard the new players and a broad demographic of players, we have a game mechanic that feels right for mobile devices and our change of delivering live events that's tied to the passion of players have for the real world of the NFL and a very engaging forum on an ongoing basis. But during the weekend games and the week leading up to those games, all of those opportunities present learning for us as we take these types of things to our other sports games on mobile and we expect to be able to do well in those areas.
Andrew Wilson: Sure, and I’ll echo what we've talked about on some previous calls which is we believe that VR is going to be an important part of that industry. We do believe it's a number of years out before it's a meaningful part of our industry but right now we're investing at a core engine level, we've talked about Frostbite as we move to a single engine for the company and that team is working to ensure that they can output virtual reality experiences regardless of device. And then we have a few key game teams around the company who are doing targeted experiments as it relates to very engaging virtual reality experiences in the context of particular genres. I would expect that we would start to surface some of those over the coming years. And that we would start to build that into a more fully fledged experience over time.
Andrew Wilson: I think peer dollar OpEx is got -- we’ve got an benefit this year of FX on our OpEx line because many of our studios are outside the U.S. so we have a large base obviously in Sweden, in Canada, in Romania, in Australia, many in China, many of those have obviously coming at lower dollar cost. We try to report each quarter with the actual dollar costs are and you’ve seen some continued investments. Our goal to try to keep R&D expenses around to 22% to 23% of revenue line, which means even if our revenues is growing, we’re clearly continuing to invest in R&D we think that’s very important for our future. You will see marketing expenses bounced around depending on the title and the quarter. So this quarter our marketing expenses were up in -- if you’ve -- FX adjust them and that was driven by the factor that we had a fairly large title this year that we didn’t have in year's third quarter. This year's Star Wars is obviously last year our large title was Battlefront Hardline in the fourth quarter. Until you get some of that timing differences but you’ll continue to see general increases in our OpEx with goal to try to target, R&D around the 22% to 23%, we’re trying to push marketing expenses down into the 13% range and hold G&A in that 8% to 7% range if possible. So that’s you’re going to see as a percentage revenue and hopefully will continue to be reflected in our business going forward.
Andrew Wilson: I can’t tell you much more than March, but I would assume that much of that revenue will probably fall in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter but it’s hard to see right now.
Andrew Wilson: Not a lot more to say at this point, no announcement as to launch times or servicing the experiments at this stage, but as we go into calendar '16 as we start to come closer to our EA play events in LA and in London we'll be talking more about our full title slide and some of the new in development products that we have running it across our studios right now.
Andrew Wilson: So, what we're seeing is more and more we need to be close to our player. And what you have seen from last couple of years in almost all of our actions whether it relates to development or marketing or sales is attempts by us and endeavors by us to get as close as possible to our players and get direct feedback from them. We believe that’s the single best way to ensure that we are making games that they want to play. And then we’re making some of the best games in the industry. And we see this as an opportunity to do just that get close to our players, invite them in an environment where they feel comfortable to play games, give us feedback. And interact socially as they do whether through social networks or with their friend or what have you. We continue to be member of the ESA and we will have meeting rooms at E3 this year. So what we see we’re doing is augmenting the overall E3 experience. And we are excited by what we’re going to be able to do as it relates to EA Play and we are excited for what the industry is going to be able to do as it relates to E3 more broadly.
Andrew Wilson: Yes on the Star Wars play, I’ll just to add a little. I mean what we have seen is that the movie or the content of the movie itself hasn't impeded the engagement in various Star War games. We have seen that across console PC and the mobiles. And we would expect that as more great Star Wars films come out, we would see more great engagement in Star Wars content more broadly again not just in Battlefront but in Star Wars The Old Republic and our mobile game Galaxy of Heroes. As we think about mobile, just to add to Blake’s point I think he’s absolutely right. The one other thing that we would point to is as we look at our mobile portfolios our titles typically have very long life spans. The Sims FreePlay, The Simpsons Tapped Out, Real Racing 3 have continued to grow over a number of years. And as we think about launching new titles, we’re taking a little more time and being a little bit more calculated about how we launch, but we’re doing so with a view that we are putting experiences into the market place that will live for many years and drive engagement and profitability for a number of years to come. And so as we look at the year to come, as we look at what we’ve done with Star Wars and Madden and some other titles that are coming again to shoot. Our expectation is that we’re able to grow the overall business with them.
Blake Jorgensen: Sure let me start with full-game download and Andrew might want to talk a little about this Battlefield, the Battlefront engagement. First, I’ll remind you that full-game downloads generated 195 million, up 39% year-over-year. So while we might not have done as many on Star Wars as we thought we could do, that’s still a big number and many of our other titles are obviously skewing heavily towards full-game downloads. Since you couldn't have got a number of that side in a quarter without that. We were surprised that more gift giving was done with Star Wars which obviously impacted the digital downloads and my guess is that that will be less so next year because Battlefront tends to skew less towards gift giving and more towards PC, there is a very hardcore PC audience as the Battlefield audience and they tends to obviously to more physical -- digital downloads than physical. So we should tend to see a return to that gross margin, guidance that we have talked about in the past. We will obviously give you detailed gross margin guidance in May for the full year. But based on what we know about the Star Wars title and gift giving we would be very surprised that we didn’t shift back to the improvement in gross margin that we saw.
Blake Jorgensen: No, we're very comfortable with where the channel is. We actually had a very strong sell-through during the quarter as well as sell-in and there are some accounts obviously that are replenishing in there -- as they get through their January timeframe and we're very comfortable with where the channel inventory is now.
Blake Jorgensen: So, I'll take the Titanfall question. Again it's really early start talking about the details of Titanfall at this juncture and that wasn't purpose of raising it, what I would say having seen the game is it's looking fantastic, our relationship with Respawn is extremely strong, we had great fight in that entire team to build a spectacular game and are really looking forward to sharing more details in the month ahead.
Blake Jorgensen: I don’t think there is any indications of that, this mix shift isn’t anything about a Star Wars, Battlefront opportunity remember the movie was out. All things Star Wars for the month of December and it was the perfect gift giving opportunity. And typically with gift someone wants to have a package under a tree or and a gift pile somewhere versus that digital code and that was the driver of the shift. We could see when we do the next Battlefront, we could see something like that but we have no idea on exact timing for ourselves for the industry and exactly how the buzz around Star Wars will be when that comes again the next time around. So right now I would say nothing would imply to us that the digital journey is slowing in any way. And in fact if we look all of our non-Star Wars products every one of them we’re up, digitally and full-game download and the digital engagement associated with. If you look at Ultimate Teams specific we gave you, that’s a clear sign that people are planning and engaging longer and longer around the titles. In terms of guidance, guidance on Star Wars, we not going to breakdown individual guidance, obviously we will end up selling more than the 13 million units since we’ve already got there. We did sell more in the third quarter, so we may ultimately sell in the fourth quarter than we originally part. But we’ll clearly sell more overall and that’s build into our guidance for the fourth quarter. I’ll remind people about fourth quarter though, don’t forget that there was a continued FX headwinds, headwind that we called out that’s $40 million of headwinds, I’m not sure everyone’s modeling that into their models. And we’re not ignoring the fact that there is an economic headwind out there around the world that hasn't really impacted us, but we’re being conservative when we give our guidance around watching that closely. In terms of next year's guidance, the title slate that we talked about are the core titles along within traditional sport titles. The one thing to note is Q1 the only title we have in Q1 is Mirror’s Edge, plus all of our catalog business and live services business. But our core console title will be Mirror’s Edge and if you are doing -- we’ll give you real full year guidance in May when we sit down to do the next earnings call, but as you starting to think about guidance for Q1 in next year don't forget about the continued FX headwinds which are impacting us as well as in Q1 one specific item, remember that last year in Q1 we had a $30 million benefit, one-time benefit from FIFA Online 3 as we started that up and we had deferred revenue all into Q1. So, that was high profit revenue that came into Q1. Couple of basic things for your model but things to remember. But we're excited about the rest of the slate, you should assume that a Battlefield would come typically in the third quarter when we normally have it, we're not yet announcing when Titanfall or Mass Effect Andromeda will come, but you should assume that’s in the back half of the year as well because of second quarter is so dominated by our sports titles.
Blake Jorgensen: Arvind your second question was about trends in full game downloads, we clearly continue to see them trending upwards, we see titles running anywhere between 20% and 30% plus, we've always seen FIFA skew lower because in Europe many retailers use that as a loft leader to drive traffic into their stores and that tends to be a physical copy, but in the rest of our sports portfolio we tend to see strong digital full game, really Star Wars was the only Gen4 title than indexed lower than average because of the gift-giving issues. So, we're very comfortable with continuation of where that trend is going industry wide.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes, I don’t have the year-to-date number with me here. But it's fairly consistent with what it was in the quarter, just off the top of my head and we’re continuing to see that. Remember we had a slowdown in FIFA Ultimate Team in the fourth quarter last year as we put the price banding and to address the inflation in the market place issue that we saw. We are currently forecasting that we will have a stronger fourth quarter that we did last year. Because obviously we corrected some those price and coin farming issues. So we should continue to see strong growth of Ultimate Team through the year and probably for the full year clearly exceed because it's a lean last quarter last year. But clearly the business continues to grow and we done a good job of bringing new users in. So we’re not taxing the existing users, but it gets harder and harder to grow the business at the size that it’s at. So we’ll see what it looks like for next year. The other thing to really remember as you’re looking at it is realize that a huge portion of the ultimate team audience for FIFA is outside the U.S. large markets like France, Germany, UK and so all of those markets have a headwind from FX in them that we’re clearly seeing in the growth numbers. So as I mentioned today 18% on a constant currency basis for ultimate team or for FIFA and that’s a pretty impressive growth rate on a business of that size.
Blake Jorgensen: We are down to less than 15 majors SKUs, and that feels like a good size of the business and we are obviously announcing that we’re investing in some action base SKUs by bringing people like Jade Raymond and Amy Hennig into our organization to help build those and those are obviously a few years out in our SKU plan, but clearly we want to try grow genre and grow our revenue based with more titles both digital live services titles as well as traditional console titles. Part of -- to do that part of it we have to be restless that we don’t spend a lot of money on smaller titles, we size them correctly, but we also want to continue to look for ways to bring new interesting titles to the market. Look at Unravel as a perfect case of that. We are trying to address the market place for broader titles addressing wider audience in terms of the types they are and the types of games people want to play. We are also trying to build enough product to be able to effectively run subscription based businesses and the requires a great portfolio which we have and we'll continue to add to. So, we'll always cull but there's not a certain things that cut back on today because we've brought the total number of titles down to a very perfect level for us now.
Blake Jorgensen: Ben, I guess I would remind people that we did raise full year guidance, that's the third time this year we've raised full year guidance, we've got a track record I think of 10 quarters in a row of beating our guidance. I think we've exhibited some conservative in how we operate the business which we think is the prudent thing to do and we're sitting with FX headwinds and a lot of uncertainty in the economy. You put all that together, I don't think that signals anything negative about the fourth quarter, it signals the way we've been approaching the business and operating the business and that's what we're going to continue to do. In terms of FIFA Online 3 in China, the key there is we're continuing to see very positive reactions, but we also have a very long-term view there. So, that continued level that we've talked about 10 million to 15 million a quarter is still consistent with where we are and when we do give you guys guidance in the May timeframe, we'll update that number if it looks like it should be updated, but all is very positive in that and our partner TenCent continues to be extremely happy. With that maybe I'll let Andrew hit the VR question, to say more to say of that we already said but.
Blake Jorgensen: On a macro environment we've mentioned a couple of times our cautioned because of the macro environment, we have not seen anything in our business or heard anything from other players in the business that would imply any economic slowdown in entertainment software. I then say we have a level of conservatism about the, just the global economy which at some point in time there is trouble in the global economy that would impact everybody probably. I think our business seems to be operating pretty consistent as it has been over the last couple of years. The console purchases are up through the end of calendar year '15, our estimate is 55 million units out there which has exceeded virtually everyone's forecast for the year and now almost 50% higher than previous console cycle so, all of that is very-very positive, all the game play we're seeing and the engagement and things like Ultimate Team we're seeing is positive. We’re just conscious of the fact that there's a lot of storm clouds out there, we want to be careful that we don't get ahead of ourselves or the economy in our forecast for the business and that's what you're hearing. The second part of the question was the Amazon issue, we do not fund the Amazon discount, that comes out of Amazon’s own pocket and I think that's fairly consistent how Amazon operates and we don't have much say or view on pricing of anyone in the marketplace, that's their job not our job. For us if it brings new game players into the business then we're excited, but we don't really have much more to say or control over their pricing strategy.
Blake Jorgensen: And to add to that we are also doing a simultaneous events in London and so in some ways we are trying to do a more geographically spread way to introduce people to our new product.
Blake Jorgensen: So I’ll start with Star Wars, I don’t know Andrew might want to chime in mobile piece. On Star Wars, the one thing that we are adhering to, and I think this is part of our arrangement with Lucas and Disney, is you can't make a game in Star Wars that violates the canon of Star Wars mainly you can't take something from the future and bring it back into the past unless it's a reference. Not knowing yet exactly what the storyline in Rogue One is going to be, I can't comment on how that could come in to the extent that it's in the future around our current Battlefront game is also a paced based on the historical Star Wars canon, which is 30 years before the most recent movie than will limit our ability to bring some new content into that. But more to come there obviously, we’re trying to stay tightly connected to the Star Wars beat for future movies and we we’ll obviously in future Star Wars games be able to tap to new characters and vehicles and so far. But in our current game and for that manner the DLC associated with that current game obviously we’ll have to be careful that we don’t violate the cannon. On mobile, obviously mobile the one thing remember is like our console business, mobile will always be a little choppy based on when new title come at. But like most live services they should be smoother than the historical beats around console business. So overtime it helps to smooth that out, but there is still maybe some jumps up and then do the quarters.
