John Riccitiello: Thanks, John. While we are very proud of our first-half performance, we recognize that a big part of the upside came from bringing all of FIFA into Q2. As a result, we are maintaining our full year guidance. Our Q3 slate is ready to go. Medal of Honor and The Sims 3 console are tracking well. Between now and the holidays, we have a great slate highlighted by Need for Speed Hot Pursuit. EA is executing against our three key strategic objectives. We are outpacing the industry in terms of digital growth, and we are creating meaningful digital revenue streams in our well-positioned Packaged Goods business. And we are proving that our IP is working well, not only on the growing High-Definition platforms, but also on casual platforms from social networks to mobile, helping drive our 35% growth rate on the digital side. We continue to lead in the most attractive segment of a growing game industry. In closing, I'd like to mention one of our most important franchises, Need for Speed. Need for Speed is back in a huge way. So take a day off on November 16 to play Need for Speed Hot Pursuit with Autolog. You're going to love it. With that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
John Riccitiello: John Schappert and I will split that. I'll take the MOH one, Medal of Honor. First off, the game is rated mid-70s, almost 20 ratings rated 90 or above. So as an observation, mid-70s is generally perceived to be pretty good. I think ultimately, what happened there and pretty much as we'd expected, the game appeals really well to a mass market, your average gamer. There is a small minority of folks, sometimes well represented by core gamer reviewers or game magazine reviewers, where best I can tell there's been 80 or 90 hours a week playing first person shooters. They are very core to that segment, and some of them didn't like the title. Again, not on the kind of expected. So far, the title has outperformed our sales expectations, continues to outperform our expectations through to week three, which we didn't include in the numbers we just gave you. So it feels very good. As an aside, one of the things that we track very carefully is input to our customer service call-in lines and web question-and-answer from our service personnel. And it's interesting that Medal of Honor is getting some of the strongest positive reviews on fun to play and other positive attributes, more so than other shooters we've shipped in the past. So by and large, it feels like the game that we've got on this one is from an exceptionally narrow demographic of reviewers that gave it a negative review, offset by a more overwhelming majority of people that are buying it and enjoying it. I'll let John to pick up on Facebook.
John Riccitiello: This is John. Just to add a little color. A couple of years ago, we really didn't focus on either of those revenue streams, which are, frankly, high-profit margin, ARPU drivers for our business. We focused on both of them, and we're seeing great results from both fronts. It's very pleasing to see that there are really -- in an interesting way to think about it, our Digital business is really two very related businesses. One of them is pure digital, what we do on the social networks such as in mobile, what we do at Pogo. But then there's also a sizable business that starts with a disc and is pure digital ARPU-driving, revenue-driving, margin driver. And we're seeing success in both sides of the fronts.
John Riccitiello: Well, the next several years for Internet TV, we'll get the crystal ball out. But I think that there's absolutely no question that Internet TV is here to stay. It's a big story. And with CPU prices reasonable as they are for powerful CPUs and hard drive are priced as cheap as they are, you're going to see the equivalent of the mini computer under the TV in the form of a device from Apple or Google or Samsung built in. I think the long-term opportunity there is significant. I think we'll ultimately move to be more-than-just-casual games. And I think it bodes well as we go from a world where, if you think about it, a minority of consumers around the world have got a game-ready device connected to their plasma or otherwise High-Definition television to that being sort of a universal standard. What I like about EA is I think it's going to really present itself to the consumer in two ways. One is stuff that looks a lot like what we do in EAI with our more casual offerings, and I think a big part of it is going to feel more traditional. And I think we can participate in both. It's likely to promote more direct-to-consumer digital models, which, as we've indicated up until now, leave more of the money in our pockets of business than they do of various folks taking a piece out of the middle. So I think it's a long-term positive. I think it supports both core and more casual offerings. I think it's a growth driver, and I think navigating the specifics is going to be tricky and interesting to watch.
John Riccitiello: Yes, this is John again. So one observation and a comment I should have made earlier with respect to Medal of Honor. The game has exceeded our plan and expectations sell-through and sell-in, and those expectations were they went up as they went from planned to forecast and as we updated our forecast through for the year. So in every possible gate of opportunity to increase the forecast we did, and then we exceeded those forecast based on strong selling numbers. So it is absolutely clear success as a business for us. And consumer feedback has been strong to suggest that we've got a franchise now, once again, that we could successfully and effectively sequel in the future. Now I think it's the first step with this franchise, sort of back into the marketplace where Battlefield: Bad Company is essentially on its fifth edition, alternating between Battlefield 1, Battlefield 2 and a couple of additions of various expansions in the Bad Company franchise. So that we had expected, and we realized greater sales on Battlefield: Bad Company 2 than Medal of Honor, but just slightly based on the first few weeks of sell-in. Battlefield: Bad Company 2 in its third week, as I recall, I don't have the numbers in front of me, spiked up in week three more than we thought. It actually decayed less in week three than we'd thought, and that was really strong word of mouth among gamer press. We started to see sort of a quality-driven rise, where Medal of Honor is following a slightly more traditional decay curve as what we would have expected this time of the year.
John Riccitiello: And just an added piece on Madden. One of the things I think that's easy to miss is the shift in the shape of the revenue curve for Madden. Three, four years ago, with so many people to track the business were used to, Madden used to do the dominant portion of its business in the month of August and early September. Basically, it was a get out immediately and buy the franchise. As the franchise grew and went from a couple of million units to 4 million, 5 million and 6 million units, one of the things that's happened is we picked up a more sizable holiday business with Madden, which is part of the growth. One of the comparison points that I think we suffered from last year, and I don't think we've pointed it out as well, is that folks were looking for that same portion of the business in August and September when it was in fact delivered August through, actually, last year through January. So we're looking forward for a Madden holiday.
John Riccitiello: I think the question, which we'll try to answer, which was margins on new digital revenue streams? I'll let Eric go a little bit deeper on this. But in general, we see significantly better margin structure and across-the-board on Digital, whether that digital starts with the disc where it doesn't.
John Riccitiello: Just one thought on Facebook for social. While we're not -- John is appropriately not giving you a specific forecast for social since we haven't put that out there and we're very careful about guiding specific sectors. I would say not inconsistent with what we see across the board with Digital. So it's definitely a growth story.
John Riccitiello: And as regard to 3D, just one additional thing. There's a question earlier about IPTV. If I had to pick between IPTV and 3D and which one would be more important for gaming, not necessarily for installed base for homes, because I'm sure that people are definitely going to want to watch Shrek in 3D at home. But for us, I actually think it's probably more potential in terms of new revenue and business model for us. What derives from the IPTV side, we're watching that very carefully. So it's a priority that's high for us.
John Riccitiello: Well, first off, sports has been a strong growth story for us this year. We've gotten it off the World Cup. We've got it on FIFA. We've built an exercise business in EA SPORTS Active. We've added nice line of products in the form, martial arts and boxing, and we've been growing Digital. I would say that one of the things that is true is we've been focused very much on making sure that they're not just a representation of what we are on the front of the magazine, but they are also have been in the front of the annual report, but they are big contributor in the back of the annual report relative to the profit contribution. We're not giving you the specifics. It's a substantially profitable business comparable to our other businesses. It can do better over the years to come, which is why we've addressed some of the structural issues. This is not our first cut at some of those structural issue. We took some steps a few years ago to allow these businesses to be as profitable as the best of any packaged goods and digital business for us. I particularly see an opportunity in sports, in the EA SPORTS brand as it by casual and social and mobile continues to grow. It might be a stretch for imagining some franchises whether they be core RPG or RTS, sort of reaching 30 million or 40 million people in the United States. But sports is interesting to almost everybody. I live in San Francisco last night. And you could frankly hear the cheer rising out of the city at about 8:20 or 8:30, whatever the time was. So there's very little that unites consumers the way sports does, and we are the leading proponent and I think advocate and ultimately, beneficiary of all these platforms to go forward and that's based on profit growth.
John Riccitiello: So just a couple of thoughts before we take your last question. First, with regard to the big MMO we've been talking a lot about, we're not trying to avoid your question on the call. But the fact is when we make our announcements for a consumer franchise like that, we'll make a consumer announcement as opposed to sort of a release through a financial review as we are doing today. Secondly, in my prepared comments, just one thing I wanted to highlight for you, I finished by encouraging you to take a look at Need for Speed. There was a reason I encourage that. I think Autolog can do for driving and/or for Need for Speed what superior forms of multiplayer game play did for shooters a few short years ago. It's the first truly compelling online feature set for a driving game, and it's worth paying attention to. If you're looking for innovation-driving outcomes, it's a place to look for innovation.
John Riccitiello: I think without doubt, the racing genre is a growth genre. But I think what's really going to prove it out is comping Q3 -- calendar Q4, but our Q3 FY '11, with Q3 FY '10. We have the same products in the marketplace and let's see how we do. What bodes well, I think, for both the sector and the franchise is innovation and quality. This innovation is going to drive online play like we haven't seen in driving with [indiscernible]. That's still to be proven, but I'm pretty confident that it should work. I think the second thing to remember is this holiday is fairly crowded with products that appeal quite richly to a very core audience. With the exception of The Sims and what we have with Need for Speed, there's precious little that appeals outside of folks that probably got their first name and their gamer tag confused. And so against that more broad audience, I think we've got the right offering.
John Riccitiello: So I don't think you should expect any significant ramp up as we get towards launch. And then secondly, of course, we will disclose all that is appropriate around that franchise as we get towards it. I would offer this. I've had a chance to get a colorful look at it quite recently in fact. The game development is going very well. We're very pleased with it, and we're looking forward to an opportunity to introduce the franchise more formally to the consumer. And when we do so, we'll certainly talk to all the folks who track the stock. Thanks, everybody. With that, we'll close the call.
John Schappert: On Facebook, we are actually bullish on this market. I mean, obviously, we've seen DAUs and MAUs drop as Facebook made some changes to their platform. We think for the most part, that's kind of leveling out. We also think that the on boarding of EA and Playfish with Facebook credits and giving people a unified currency, we think that we'll see more guess turn into purchasers on this platform. So we think that there's upside from that, may be some near-term hiccups as people kind of transition their currency to Facebook credit. But we think long term, that's a win. And with a 0.5 million people there and 250 million of them playing games, we think it's a real market and are happy with our performance and certainly, with the monetization that our teams work on in the past quarter.
John Schappert: Madden is actually roughly flat with last year, but Madden is seeing great growth in the Digital side. So we launched Madden Ultimate Team about a month ago. And today, Madden Ultimate Team has done almost as much in revenue as last year's Madden Ultimate Team has done. Not to mention, we launched Madden NFL Superstars on Facebook, and Madden also launched on iPad and iPhone day and date with Madden console title, and it's the first title on the App Store to be number one top grossing in both the iPhone and iPad. So Madden has great upside in Digital side and is doing well on consoles.
John Schappert: And I'll just add a little bit more color to -- we talked to you about launching Madden Ultimate Team. We just launched FIFA Ultimate Team today. We've launched NHL Ultimate Team as well. So all of those get a fairly robust user base, and they're pretty active users once they've kind of go on. Once they spend some money, they stay pretty attached to that. With respect to your second part about any tuck-in acquisition, we are still tucking in Chillingo as we speak and very happy with that acquisition and welcome Joe [Wee] and Chris [Byatte] to the team. And of course, we're going to always be looking out for the right companies that can fit into the fold and fit in nicely with EA. But we have nothing to announce right now.
John Schappert: This is John Schappert. I can take the social gaming. I don't think we're going to provide any predictions for what we think the growth rate will be, although we are seeing nice growth in that business. And I think there were some changes that happened earlier in the year. I think we hopefully are seeing that kind of stabilized. And with the addition of Facebook credits, we actually hope that we will see some good growth there. And of course, Facebook continues to onboard new users, too. So you've got that growth happening hopefully twofold, both from new users and for making it easier to purchase content on that site. And Facebook still seems to be moving along pretty strong, so we're happy with our agreement with them. With respect to 3D, John, did you...
John Schappert: And with respect to 3D, we think 3D is interesting. We think it's still kind of early. People are buying their televisions now this holiday that feature 3D. We think it's something that will continue to grow and mature. But probably a little early right now, a little bit more interesting next year. Certainly, very interesting on 3Ds, which has 3D built in to it. And what's nice for us is our content is all 3D-ready. So it's relatively easy for us to flip that 3D switch on and make our content 3D as opposed to having to remaster it or reshoot all of the content to make it 3D. We have 3D content. So when the market is there, we're ready.
John Schappert: Second half of the question was Facebook and margins. And you are right, there is a margin share with -- revenue share with Facebook as we transition the Facebook credits. So the thing to keep in mind though is there is a margin share right now with our current payment provider. So we're going from one vendor to another vendor. In fact, we're going to a vendor where everyone on Facebook now actually can have Facebook credits and they can be used to purchase virtual items on all of their games. So what we think will happen is rather than pay one vendor, we're going to pay Facebook. And we're going to see a lot more of the 250 million gamers actually have Facebook credits in their account. In fact, I think they all may have Facebook credits in their account now as Facebook ceded them with Facebook credits to turn them into spenders. So we actually think it's going to be a benefit for us. But you're right, there is a share of revenue. But frankly, we have that before us.
Eric Brown: Okay, so first of all, the restructuring itself is oriented around our license agreements and developer contracts. And so you got 95% of the charge that we estimated $180 million or so pertains to those of various contracts. This is not a major personnel-related restructuring. The cash cost of the restructuring is essentially the same as what we otherwise would have paid out over time under existing commitments on license contracts and development agreements. There is essentially a $10 million delta versus the baseline commitments, and that's why we called that out as being nominal. Other than that, I would say that the benefits of the restructuring are expected to begin in fiscal '12. They're designed to improve the long-term profitability of our business and give us the flexibility to manage our franchises as we see fit under current market conditions.
Eric Brown: This is Eric. I'll take the second question first. The console deals, the attach rate, it varies by franchise. I can tell you that the Ultimate Team modes that we've introduced for FIFA and is now extended across other sports products is very popular. We've seen gross revenues in excess of $30 million at FIFA 10 for the Ultimate Team mode. Ultimate Team for FIFA 11 is just recently been announced, and we expect that that's going to track well in the future. In regards to the PC business, packaged sales versus full-game PC digital download, we're seeing that increase over time. So it's not yet at the 50-50 mark, but what we're finding is that certainly, in certain genres like Battlefield: Bad Company 2 first-person kind of core game shooter, the uptake rate on pure digital downloads of PC has exceeded our expectations. And that's part of what's been driving the upside across the Battlefield: Bad Company 2 franchise over all.
Eric Brown: Our catalog sales were 16% for the quarter. And of the total headcount of 7,820, the R&D headcount was 5,640.
Eric Brown: Certainly, this is Eric. The expense shift that we were able to do pertain to marketing and personnel and contract-related expenses out of Q2 into the second half.
Eric Brown: Colin, this is Eric. I think it's important to recall what we said last quarter in regards to our Digital results. And we reported about $188 million to $189 million of Digital revenue, and we specifically called out approximately $20 million of that as being very favorable in terms of timing, phasing and being nonrecurring. And so please keep that in mind as we look at the current quarter Q2 results. We had revenue in Q1 that could possibly have fallen in Q2 per se. So the relevant comparison or I think an important comparison is what does the first half looked like this year versus last year? The first half Digital all-in is up 35%, and we're seeing particularly strong growth in disk-related console DLC. That number in the quarter doubled year-over-year in terms of Digital revenue.
Eric Brown: So I'll take the first half of it. The Digital attach rate for console DLC, it varies by franchises. We noted earlier that the Ultimate Team mode initiated, the FIFA team has been quite successful. On FIFA 10, we're north of $30 million gross revenue on that. Battlefield: Bad Company 2 had good attach rates as well. And so at this point, it's kind of mid-single digits. In some cases, getting a bit over double digits. It depends on the franchise and the depth of the DLC content plan. But overall, whatever we seem to produce in terms of DLC for console games, we're seeing uptake rates that consistently meet or exceed our own internal expectations. So we're pretty happy about that.
Eric Brown: Yes, what we've been doing, again, the core franchise teams is doing -- they're doing a great job creating digital extensions, whether it's Ultimate Team in sports or DLC in the games label and so on. The marginal cost to market and sell, another $10, $15, $20 piece of DLC to an incremental customer is effectively zero. And so we find ourselves recouping the dev [development] cost quite quickly on DLC, and then going at 90-plus percent margins thereafter on the incremental sales. And this is, of course, net of the fee that we have paid to the first party to transmit the DLC. So as the console DLC in some ways very high incremental margins, we've been very encouraged by it. And again, year-over-year, we've seen that business double.
Eric Brown: This is Eric. I'll take the first half of the question. In regards to Star Wars, we're not providing any update in regards to timing. The only thing that we're here to confirm today is that it is not shipping in fiscal '11, and that we continue to incur development costs. Second half of the question...
