Andrew P. Wilson: Thanks, Blake. At EA, our transformation continues in constant pursuit of the future of interactive entertainment. The very definition of a game is changing, much as it did when we went from offline to online experiences. Games are evolving from finite experiences to live services with infinite potential. These are experiences that are constantly evolving and beginning to bypass the boundaries of devices, geography, and time. This is how games become an even more meaningful part of our daily lives, creating shared connections between you and your friends that exist both in-game and in the outside world. We are investing in the talent, the content and services, and the technology to deliver these breakthrough experiences in our games today and in the years to come. Across the organization, we have more than 5,000 deeply talented creators on our development team. We've cultivated incredible teams in our studios to deliver that across an unmatched breadth and depth of franchises and IP. These are the teams launching Battlefield V and beginning a long-term journey with millions of players through our live service. These are the teams that continually deliver for hundreds of millions of fans across EA SPORTS, The Sims, Star Wars, and more. Our Command & Conquer team is not only delivering a great new mobile game, but are also working with the content for the franchise's PC core. Teams across our studios, including BioWare, Respawn and Motive, are executing on their visions to bring next-generation experiences and content to life. And in other areas, we're fostering new dimensions of our creativity. We've recently launched a new internal creative council to incubate great content ideas and provide support to nascent projects, and we're advancing the work of our SEED Labs team working on disruptive new game designs. We're also well-positioned to lead through the rapid advancements in the technology landscape that are shaping the future of games. Engine technology, cloud, social layers, services, and distributed networks are converging to unlock new possibilities. We're expanding the capabilities of Frostbite with advances in ray-tracing, scalable world editing, AI, and other features that are bringing next-generation experiences to life. As we shared yesterday, we've also been developing Project Atlas, bringing together Frostbite with an expanding suite of digital services into a fully integrated platform that will enable us to more efficiently create and execute on new games that deliver amazing scalable, social, and deeply interactive experiences. Cloud gaming will enable games to reach new audiences and geographies, and we're continuing development on the streaming capabilities we debuted in June and exploring the disruptive combination we see for streaming with our industry-leading subscription services. Underpinning it all will be our Player Network, enabling our players to stay connected to their friends and the content they love wherever they are in the world. We're executing for our players today and positioning EA to lead and grow in the next evolution of games and entertainment. Now Blake and I are here for your questions.
Andrew P. Wilson: Sure, I'll take both those questions, Mike. In terms of our confidence in the Battlefield V launch with respect to other things that are happening this year, I think the industry is vibrant and growing, and we couldn't be more excited for our Battlefield V launch. As I said in the prepared remarks, we've still got over 10 million players on our existing Battlefield games that we are in direct communication with as we go into launch. Battlefield has a tremendously rich and robust community who love those only-in-Battlefield moments. We're coming out with strong multiplayer, strong single player, but also the promise of a tremendous live service with content that's free for all players in the months and years to come. So I think we feel good about that, even in the context of what have been some other strong launches, and I think that's additive to what we're going to do there. In terms of creative leadership, again, as I talked about in the prepared remarks, we have over 5,000 developers in the organization. I think we've got one of the deepest and broadest benches of creative leaders. We made some changes through the quarter in service of stronger creativity in the organization as well as stronger execution across the organization. Again, as we think about the future of games, and I talked a little bit about that in my prepared remarks, we are planning for the future. We see a world where games are no longer bound by device or CPU or GPU. We see a world where they span across platforms, across business models, across geographies. In some of the divisions we made during the quarter, specifically around Samantha Ryan, we're bringing these types of games together who service a very particular player cohort in the context of action, adventure, RPG, and simulation. And we feel very good about the level of collaboration we're going to able to achieve across that group to deliver both creativity, innovation, and execution more broadly.
Andrew P. Wilson: So yes, that's one piece of the puzzle. Again, we have a lot of data across our more than 350 million players in our network and certainly many more players across our mobile games that we don't know as much about. And what we have come to understand over the recent years is that players are always looking for very specific motivations in the context of play. And some players are looking to fulfill different motivations at different times or on different platforms, and we've started to better understand that in terms of creating new and innovative and creative content for our players. And one of the things that we've seen, particularly as we look to the future when we think about moving many of those experiences to the cloud over time, which unbounds them from the platform that they may have previously been subjected to, is that we have to start thinking about in the context of how they fulfill those motivations over time. We've seen tremendous strength in the collaboration across our EA SPORTS portfolio, both in the context of our core game, core feature sets, and the live services that we built on top of those. And part of what we've looked at in this construct is our ability to do that across action-adventure, RPG, and simulation, all of whom support a collective player set who are looking to fulfill similar motivations. And you should expect over time as we continue to transform the nature of discovery, purchase, and enjoyment across games that we'll continue to try and organize around player cohorts to better service their needs and support what they're looking for out of their games.
Andrew P. Wilson: Sure, I'll take the first one. Right now, we have our products out in China. And because they're approved, they're in the marketplace and doing well. As far as we can tell at this stage, this should not impact our titles. FIFA Online 4 and FIFA Mobile are doing well, and the next title launch in China for us is some way off. And so our hope is that delays are fixed by then. And while we continue to monitor the situation, we don't see any direct impact right now.
Andrew P. Wilson: In terms of content streaming, we've talked a lot about this, that the greatest disruption of the consumption of entertainment media over the last five years has been a combination of those two things. Right now, we're treating them on separate vectors, but ultimately expect that we will bring them together over time. We launched our first subscription what is now over four years ago as a catalog subscription on Xbox and then took that to PC, and we're able to get tremendous learning out of that. And what we have seen is that people who come into that subscription – again, by definition a subscription is the offering of an amazing collection of high-quality content at a great consumer value proposition with as low friction as possible. And what we have seen from people who have come into that is they play more games, they spend more time, and ultimately they monetize higher in live services as well. We know that great new blockbuster content adds subscribers, and we know that great catalog content retains subscribers, no different than traditional linear media. And so what we have started to do with the launch of our Origin Access Premier this year is to add front-line blockbuster content, and Battlefield V will be the first opportunity for us to truly understand that. We saw really strong uptake after Madden. But remember, Madden hadn't been on PC for nearly a decade. The PC community of Battlefield is very, very strong, and we expect to get tremendous learning out of that as we grow that. In terms of next steps, you should expect us to continue to try and aggregate more content for our players, again, always improving the collection of content and the consumer value proposition, so that players can come in and play more games and spend more time. Some of that will be the creation of new content organically inside of our company. Some of it will be working with indie developers or third-party developers and publishers. And as Blake pointed out, as a long-term vision, we also expect that we would look to acquire both content IP and talent over time. As you think about the context of streaming, we announced and demonstrated in June a streaming service that was working at EA PLAY. We've continued to develop that and continue to work on making that a better experience for players. We're also working with some other third parties that you may have heard about who are developing streaming services, and we believe that our service can work in conjunction with their services over time, ultimately, substantially increasing the total addressable market of players that we have access to and the ability to deliver great games and experiences to. You referenced Project Atlas. That's really an ambitious plan that we've been executing against to make it easier to move these experiences to the cloud by bringing Frostbite and a collected digital platform of services together, so that our game makers are able to effectively execute and deliver the types of innovative game experiences that they see players will want over the next three years. As you can imagine, we've had a lot of inbound requests around that platform and third parties out there who would look to – who would love the ability to utilize that technology, that combined platform of engine plus digital services. And as we think about adding more content to our subscription over time, we also see that as a tool that would allow us to do that. So add more content to our sub through licensing and potentially acquisition, continue to develop on our streaming solutions both as an isolated service for us as well as in conjunction with others, and then bringing our combined digital platform engine and digital service and Project Atlas to help us get there faster, more quickly, more efficiently, and with more innovative and creative games both developed internally and potentially at some time developed externally.
Andrew P. Wilson: Two great questions. So first in terms of user-generated content, as we look out in the world today, some of the richest ecosystems have a robust community of creatives that are delivering new content experiences for their fellow players on a daily basis. And for us, The Sims franchise has been that since its inception. Part of what we're doing now, we're building that capability into our toolset so that game makers can implement that in future games and bring communities together. Again, in a world that we have a vision of entertaining 1 billion people in play, we are very aware that delivering against the insatiable appetites of that many players across the globe is beyond the scope of just our creative organization. But in the context of having our creative organization see these great worlds and these great characters and these great stories, and having AI amplify that effort in conjunction with large and robust communities of tens and potentially hundreds of millions of players creating content in large scalable simulated worlds, we feel like that's the future of games. We've been investing for some years against it. We're now in a place when we're ready to talk about it, and we're starting to invite people in, including these community creatives, to help us really build out that robust toolset. As we think about mobile strategy going forward, again, over time we do believe that many experiences will move to the cloud and they'll no longer be bound by local devices, whether it's CPU, GPU, memory, or battery life. And more the experiences will be governed by the screen size you have access to and the session time that you have. With that said, we also understand that there will be some players that only ever play on their mobile device, and some players who spend a great or disproportionate amount of time playing on an 80-inch screen. And so we will continue to develop experiences that are rich and robust as those native experiences today, but always with a view of allowing them to connect their experience across streams, but more importantly, to connect with a global community of players regardless of which screen they access a game through. And that's a fundamental shift in how we design the architecture of games. It's also a fundamental shift in how we design the features of games. But in all things, it's about entertaining with innovative and creative experiences that you can experience based on your choice of how you want to play, but where you never feel disconnected from this global community of friends that you have.
Andrew P. Wilson: In terms of mobile, as Blake highlighted earlier, where there is an opportunity to bring on new teams or new IP of any category or across any platform, we're open to that right now. However, as I look at the mobile industry and the mobile Top 20 or Top 30 charts, it's not immediately apparent what you would go after. We've seen some fairly significant shift in the mobile marketplace from where it was even a year or two years ago. And it's now also pretty well understood that many of the players that were reaching some fairly serious revenue heights over the last year or two were also outspending their revenue and weren't profitable companies and weren't growing profitably. I think what we have always maintained across our mobile business is that we believe we have a tremendously strong portfolio of content, and we were going to take the time to ensure that we delivered profitable growth over time. And while that growth has slowed this year as a result of some title shifts and title moves, we feel actually very bullish on the future. Command & Conquer I'm very excited about. I think it's a unique and innovative new entry into the mobile genre. I think we clearly have the leading sports business, which is a business that we are committed to and we'll continue to grow. We're seeing – we have some other products in development right now that will come out in the years to come that I think have started to play into the strength in mobile, as mobile players are looking for creativity and innovation in their experience. And again, as we look at the Top 10 or Top 20 charts, there's also a much greater representation from China, Japan, Korea, and Southeast Asia in terms of title strength. And as I look at what we're doing with Command & Conquer, which has a tremendous fan base throughout the Asia region, and FIFA, I feel good about that. And so while we're always open to acquisition, I think that we also feel very good that the mobile industry is actually moving in a direction where the types of games that we make will be very, very well received.
Andrew P. Wilson: So I think that there is a few articles out there and a few rumors and a little hearsay as to what they are and when they're coming and what they might be. I don't think we're in a position today to have a conversation on that. But just know that we've worked with Microsoft and Sony and Nintendo for many, many years and look forward to working with them for many, many years more, even if collectively we all seek to move either some portion or all of our experiences to the cloud.
Andrew P. Wilson: In terms of Project Atlas, again, when we set out on this journey, the objective was to ensure that we had industry-leading technology for our developers to build the most innovative and immersive and creative games, everything from sports games to large world simulations. And in a world where it's becoming increasingly complex to do that, we also understand that is hard for other people. And so as we have started talking to developers and publishers about bringing content into our subscription over time, as you might imagine, we've had a lot of inbound interest on the utilization of a technology platform like Project Atlas that would make it easier for them to create content in this growing complex world. And so while we have no locked-in plans or timelines today, we're certainly developing the technology with a view that over time our objective is to bring the greatest collection of content together as part of our industry-leading subscriptions. And at some level, that might mean offering our technology for use by third parties so that they can do that and then ultimately put their content into our subscription.
Blake J. Jorgensen: I think we're confident in both. I think everyone knows we tend to approach things fairly conservatively, and I think we've shown that in our recent guidance and results. We monitor FIFA on a daily basis and Ultimate Team on a daily basis, and we're seeing extremely good and strong metrics, as Andrew mentioned and I mentioned, around all the players who are playing. We also know how players are playing in other modes in the game, and we know the game is designed ultimately to steer them into Ultimate Team. And so we're confident that as they consume the content in FIFA, they will move into Ultimate Team. And we have a great many set of exciting events leading up to the holidays and then after the holidays. For example, this weekend we had our Halloween events around the globe. And despite the fact of Red Dead Redemption taking up a lot of attention in the marketplace, we had one of our strongest FIFA weekends we've seen – Ultimate Team weekends we've seen in a long time. So we're confident but we're also careful in how we forecast. We want to make sure that we're being straightforward with investors. We're also very excited about Anthem. Andrew mentioned it was getting a lot of positive feedback. We think it's a fabulous game, and you'll see a lot more of it to come after we get out of this holiday window into early next year. And I think our original expectations of the game were probably too low, and thus we think that's important. Remember also that our assumption is we'll sell more Battlefield V in Q4 than we would have originally anticipated as we move that out by four weeks. And any live services associated with that game or with Anthem obviously will also benefit Q4.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So good questions. Clearly, we've been active at buying back stock in the quarter. We try to pace our buybacks around the life of the program versus any certain stock price. We oftentimes don't even pay attention to the stock price on a day-to-day basis because we know there are lots of things that move the market that are well beyond our control. And so our goal is to simply allocate a certain amount of capital to buybacks and then be in the market to buy back that stock every single day and hit our targets of, in this case, $2.4 billion over two years. In terms of M&A, we're clearly keeping our eyes open on everything that's out there. This is all about collecting great content and talent, and we're looking for ways to do that at every possible opportunity we have, and we'll continue to do that. I can't predict anything at this point in time. But part of the reason that we want to leave dry powder both in the terms of cash and in the terms of debt capacity, our capital structure is for the opportunity that could come to us at some point in time to be able to step in and buy an asset or acquire talent and titles that would be helpful to our long-term vision of both subscriptions and streaming.
Blake J. Jorgensen: I think you're probably missing possibly some deferrals as you go from GAAP to our management reporting numbers. The mobile platform fees are purely what we pay to the mobile platforms like Google or Apple. So essentially, that's the 30% that they take and we book 70%. We can probably go through with you offline the specific numbers just to line them up. I think the key growth driver to remember is we'll add a new title, Command & Conquer, on December 4. We just announced this morning. That will drive substantial growth in mobile during the tail end of the third quarter and the fourth quarter and give you some of the mobile growth for the full year. But we have, as we showed on the script, adjusted our mobile full-year guidance off of what we originally thought we would do to now a lower level, which we believe to be really around flat for the year. So a combination of all those things probably gets you back to where would like to see it in your model.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Our understanding is it's more through interactions with Tencent and other partners, it's more of a backlog problem than an actual not really approving games. I think as they changed agencies, the backlog built up fairly quickly. So we don't see that as an impact for us, at least in the next year or so, as we focus mainly on FIFA. In terms of the full-game download stats, we've always seen FIFA lag Madden because Madden is pretty much a domestic U.S. business, where FIFA is a global business. And in many parts of the world where FIFA is shipped, the bandwidth speeds are still slow and there may be some payment issues or just payment cultures that differ. Germany, for example, tends not to use credit cards, and so we have lower full-game downloads in that marketplace. That is changing, and we've seen the pace of change of FIFA track pretty much the same pace of change with the other games. It just started from a lower base. And some of it historically was due to the fact that retailers would use FIFA to drive traffic into their stores. That's starting to abate because, once again, fewer and fewer people are buying physical disks. So we believe that same pace will continue, and obviously it's great to see all of our games tracking as a whole at 42%, meaning that some games are well north of that if FIFA is on the south side of that.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So in terms of the promotional plans, our promotional plans are pretty consistent with what we've had in the past. With the case of Battlefield, actually we will not be on promotion on Black Friday because we ship that week. There may be selected retailers that choose to promote it on their own, but we're not supporting those promotions. And then we'll have the regular promotion schedule that you would see through December into the holidays. Similar things for each title, the timing is different and the retail mix will be different. But you should see promotions, both digitally and physical copies, but not that different than what we've seen historically with the exception of the Battlefield V issue relative to Black Friday. And we see that that's pretty consistent with past years. It's always a promotional time of the year. It drives a lot of volume, and we're very supportive of our retail partners and our platform partners who want to continue to keep people engaged. In terms of the Q3 numbers, our focus is always on driving more users into the live service. That's the way to keep a very large market in place and continue to keep it very healthy. The moment you stop focusing on that, you really lose the strength of live services, which is a large marketplace where people can all play together. If you focus too much on revenue generation per person, you start to squeeze the players, and we're very careful not to do that. It happens naturally in some cases due to people's level of engagement, but we're very careful not to allow people to start to spend too much because we know they'll churn out of the business. So our goal, as I think Andrew mentioned before, is to build really exciting great games. We think we've done an amazing job with FIFA, probably the best FIFA we've ever built. And it's got so much content in there that that allows people to play a long time. And if that means that they start playing Ultimate Team or playing Ultimate Team at a level a little bit later, we're fine with that as long as they're enjoying themselves in the game. And we think that's what's going on during the – and what we're seeing in the quarter. I also remind people, we didn't give new phasing for the quarter when we moved Battlefield out. We just told people what the total year's numbers were, and we left it to everyone to deliver their own phasing. And so I caution people to be overly emphasis on comparing to what they had because what they had before wasn't informed by our giving some sense of things like the mobile title that moved out, when Command & Conquer would start, the impact of FX on the quarter, and the general overall view of our business during the quarter. So just don't over-index on the two quarters, focus on the full-year guidance, which did not change.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So why don't I start and then I'll let Andrew talk about the second question. Battlefield, the overall forecast really only changed just because of the timing. So when we told people that that moved roughly 3 million-plus units out of the quarter that we originally had expected, some of that into Q4 and some of it into next year's Q1. What you'll find when you get into Battlefield, and I'll leave it up to the Battlefield team to help people understand the excitement around where Battlefield is going and how that might include in-game monetization, but what I'll just say is there will be dramatic evolving gameplay over time: new ways to experience it, things like fortification and reinforcements and new hardware vehicles, weapons, gadgets, and there could be exciting ways to earn those over time or possibly even purchase those over time; new experiences through the single-player stories that will continue to be rolled out; game improvements and excitement around a Battle Royale style mode that will come in the March timeframe; and a pretty exciting live service that we hope will keep people highly engaged. And over time, that may include monetization opportunities to keep them even more engaged.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So assume that we've got very little live service revenue in for either Battlefield or Anthem because they're very new. And until we understand exactly how well does it monetize, we didn't put much of that into our forecast. We'll still see some of the transition impact on FIFA Online 4, which will continue to be a drag. And we've got a forecast for subscriptions, but we're guessing a little bit as to the uptake of Premier based on the fact that we haven't yet seen the real true PC-based titles like Battlefield and Anthem. We'll have a lot better sense once we get through those. So I'd say some of it is just conservatism and forecasting, and some of it is the associations that I just mentioned around live services.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So you weren't coming through very loud. But I think I got what you said, which is you heard Andrew use a plural when he said games from Respawn. Just consider that a little Easter egg left in the earnings call for you. We'll announce more when we get there. But clearly we've got a lot of things working with all of our studios, and you should assume that there will be some things that we haven't announced that come out later in the year when we go to give guidance for next year.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Let me start with Anthem and I'll let Andrew address the mobile piece. Anthem, it's a brand-new IP. And so when we originally forecasted it, we forecasted it at a pretty low level, as we thought about without a lot of information. That was last May or April when we put that forecast together. As we've gotten deeper into the final parts of the game and we had it tested with a lot of people, clearly the excitement is building. It started building at E3 as people learned what the game was and saw it. And so typically, when you're forecasting a brand-new IP, you usually start lower and then build that forecast over time, and that's essentially what we've done. We're getting excitement both internally and externally about the game. As Andrew mentioned, it's very different than anything BioWare has built in the past. It looks stunning and it plays extremely well. And that's what's given us more confidence around the forecast. But remember also, as I said earlier, we did not provide new phasing of a forecast. So you should assume that it's not all coming from Anthem. There may be obviously stuff -more from Battlefield V in Q4 than we originally were thinking in our forecast, as well as the mobile title that we talked about, Command & Conquer.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So FIFA, we said FIFA sales were strong in the quarter. So you should assume we've done well with FIFA. We also mentioned that people were playing more modes in FIFA. We also still have quite a few people playing FIFA 18. We were successful bringing them into World Cup, and many of those have not yet converted over to FIFA 19. So it's hard to say today ultimately how it will play out because we're still early in the third quarter. So I would just say we'll see what that looks like over the next two and half months or two months as we get into the rest of the year and even into the fourth quarter. FIFA tends to sell well all through the holidays. And so it's just too early to say one way or the other what people are spending their time on or not.
Blake J. Jorgensen: And on your Respawn question – I skipped over it – we'll have more to come on that. We'll read people as we get into the fourth quarter timeframe before we run into next year's full-year guidance. Thank you, everyone, talk to everyone next quarter.
