Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Rob. In the third quarter of fiscal year '14, we had the unprecedented excitement of 2 new game consoles launching within weeks of each other. With that came the challenge of launching a full slate of EA's top titles for both next-gen and the current-gen consoles. In terms of our quarterly performance, on the top line, we generated $1.57 billion in non-GAAP revenue, which was below our guidance of $1.65 billion. As others have noted, industry sales of major games for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles declined in Q3 at a faster-than-anticipated rate, and that softness was the primary driver of our revenue shortfall in Q3. This shortfall will impact our full year revenue guidance, and we are now forecasting our annual revenues to be $3.91 billion. What's exciting for us looking forward is the uptake of next-gen consoles has been faster than we expected. The launches of the PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Xbox One proved to be strong new catalysts for the console gaming market. The 6 titles we released with the launch of the next-generation consoles; FIFA 14, Battlefield 4, Madden NFL 25, Need for Speed Rivals, NBA LIVE 14 and Peggle 2, collectively sold above expectations and exceeded our Q3 forecasts. As a result, we have taken an early leadership position on the next-gen consoles. Based on NPD December results in the U.S., EA achieved 40% segment share on the PlayStation 4 and 30% segment share on the Xbox One, and our estimates indicate we garnered similar shares in Europe. On average, every gamer in Europe that bought a next-gen console is playing one of EA's next-gen games. We're exceptionally proud to have been the #1 publisher on next-gen consoles in December, with millions of gamers playing EA titles on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One across the globe. The popularity of our next-gen games has allowed us to benefit from this early growth, as illustrated by our segment share numbers. Looking forward, our goal is to keep our next-gen games fresh through live services, driving sales through Q4 and beyond as more gamers shift to the new consoles. We also have a robust pipeline in front of us as the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 player bases continue to grow. EA's digital transition also continues at full speed. Our non-GAAP digital net revenue, including mobile, full-game downloads and live services was up 27% year-over-year, and we are on track to exceed our guidance of $1.7 billion in digital revenue for FY '14. Inside our digital portfolio, December was EA's biggest month ever for mobile downloads, with over 71 million game downloads across the App Store and Google Play, the most of any game publisher worldwide. The Simpsons: Tapped Out reached a record level of daily active users during the holiday quarter, and The Sims FreePlay, a game that launched over 2 years ago, delivered its largest-ever month of revenue in December. These milestones demonstrate how mobile continues to be a fantastic opportunity for EA's expansion and revenue growth. We are further strengthened by our financial discipline during this fiscal year. We continue to manage our costs and remain on track to lower our expenses year-over-year, an impressive achievement in a console transition cycle. However, this is not just an effort for FY '14. Long-term operating profit growth will continue to be an ongoing focus. Benefiting from our position on next-gen consoles, digital growth and continued cost management, our Q3 non-GAAP EPS of $1.26 exceeded our expectations by $0.04 per share, and we are raising full-year EPS guidance today by $0.05 to $1.30 per share on a non-GAAP basis. Before I turn the call over to Blake to give additional details of our financial performance, a quick word on one of the most talked about titles of Q3, Battlefield 4. Launching Battlefield was a complex effort, with our teams at DICE delivering a massive game packed with innovative new features for players on next-gen consoles, current-gen consoles and PC. Shortly after Battlefield 4 went live, we began hearing from some players in the community who were experiencing issues with the game. The Battlefield team acted swiftly to address the issues through game updates, and they continue to make refinements as part of our live service to ensure a great game experience for all Battlefield 4 players. Battlefield 4 is an amazing game in size, scope and gameplay, and we're confident that gamers will be playing for a long time to come. Q3 was an exciting start to a new generation of games, a great quarter for digital growth and another positive step towards increasing operating profits. The stage is now properly set for the conclusion of our fiscal year, as well as the long-term opportunity in front of EA. Over to you, Blake.
Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Blake. Just a few thoughts to close. We are proud to have been the #1 publisher on next-gen consoles in December, with more new games on the way. Our digital businesses are reaching new heights across multiple platforms and geographies, and cost discipline measures are protecting our returns so we can invest in key IP for the future. We're all incredibly excited for the arrival of Titanfall on March 11. Our partners at Respawn Entertainment are now putting the finishing touches on this highly anticipated title for Xbox One, Xbox 360 and PC. There is -- this is a spectacularly innovative game, a true achievement by the teams at Respawn. Across EA Studios, development continues on plan for our future titles, and we'll share more of our FY '15 slate on our next quarterly call. We expect digital growth to continue as a defining characteristic of this fiscal year for Electronic Arts. Players are engaging deeper each year in digital live services for some of our established franchises like FIFA Ultimate Team, Madden Ultimate Team, and now, Battlefield 4 Premium, which currently has more than 1.6 million members. Digital is also accelerating our growth in new markets. FIFA Online 3 is doing extremely well in Korea in both traffic and revenue, and we expect more fans to connect with our online free-to-play FIFA games in China and Latin America during the World Cup this year. EA's mobile titles continue to rise up the chart and demonstrate our ability to build a portfolio of great games and grow them over time. Games like The Simpsons: Tapped Out, FIFA 14, Real Racing 3 and The Sims FreePlay have highly engaged fan bases on iOS and Android that are still growing long after launch. Our recently launched Heros of Dragon Age is another excellent example of an entirely new mobile experience designed around one of our proven IPs. Our strength in mobile is in our ability to repeat on success and we see more strong opportunities ahead. Throughout FY '14, we've been demonstrating our ability to grow operating profits, and we expect strong returns from this increased focus on discipline across our business. This is a multi-year journeys striving for both top line revenue growth and profitability improvement, and one that we are fully committed to for the long term. By executing against our strategic priorities, we look forward to closing our FY '14 in a position of strength. We're delivering exciting new experiences to our gamers every day, and we are ready to capitalize on the long-term opportunity in front of us. With that, Blake, Peter, Patrick and I are here to take your questions.
Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Colin. In terms of learnings in the job, I'd reiterate what I've been saying to this point, which is, I think as a company, we have an amazing portfolio of IP, and we're starting to see that really resonate both with new console gamers on these next-gen platforms, on mobile with titles that have been very strong for us in the past, things like Heroes of Dragon Age and now certainly PC free-to-play in emerging markets, with things like FIFA Online 3 in Korea. And so for me, our strategy continues to be sound. We have to go strongly after the next-gen market. I think we're in a strong position there. We certainly have the opportunity to benefit from the World Cup this year, with respect to FIFA Online free-to-play games across the globe. And mobile continues to be a very, very strong strategic opportunity for us and we are doubling down and investing heavily in that space to ensure that we've got our AAA teams look -- and our AAA IP to bring great games and services to users on those platforms across the globe.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. Contrary to some reports, we still have a number of years left on our agreements there and are currently in planning on the next Madden property right now. And we expect to make a number of Madden games in the future, and the relationship that we have with both the NFL and the NFL Players Association continues to be extremely strong.
Andrew Wilson: Let me -- I would just -- I'd take that one, I think it's a great question. Look, on the Titanfall piece -- I'll hand off to Patrick to give you a little more color on Battlefield 4. What I would tell you about Titanfall is we are incredibly excited for the release of the product. And to partner with experienced world-class teams of both Respawn and Microsoft to launch a title. We're currently moving through kind of public tests of the product, and we're seeing great results and we're really looking forward to seeing the gamer reaction in March.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. So Titanfall again is a highly innovative game, multiplayer-driven, and so expect a lot of online engagement around that. We're planning extra content already for the product, but in the nature of the live service, I think that, that will evolve over time as we see how the player base evolves through the year.
Andrew Wilson: Listen, I think that's a great question, and certainly that one that we think about here. As a company, we're a creative organization. I came up through the creative side of the organization. So I have a deep passion for both bringing in new creative talent and keeping with creative talent. But that also, as part of the creative industry, people come and go for all kinds of different reasons. You've seen some recently have left, and these changes happen to be announced in the short window, which was more coincidental than anything. I know it's absolutely no connection between their departures. EA, as an organization, we've got over 8,000 amazingly talented and creative people, and we love to see these people have the opportunity to step up and lead our studios. Guys like John Vechey at PopCap, Matt Webster of Criterion, and Ed Rumley at Chillingo have all been with their respective studios for a long time and bring a lot of energy and enthusiasm and new creative thinking to their roles. I don't know whether anyone saw the piece that Matt Webster did. He did a great interview with IGN early this week were he talked about the passion and energy and the creative DNA inside of Criterion and what they're doing for the future. In fact, we're going to get to talk about some new things out of Criterion a little later in the year. But this is really important for us. These studios all have exciting work underway and we look forward to sharing all of it with players in the future.
Andrew Wilson: Listen, I think it's great. I mean, every time there are new ways and opportunities for people to play games, that's great for us and it's great for our ability to bring new and innovative experiences to our gamers. EA is and has always been kind of a platform-agnostic company. We do our best to bring great experiences to gamers on whatever platforms they're playing on. So right now we think about our world kind of in 3 modalities of play, the lean-back experience in the living room, the lean-in experience with PC and free-to-play, particularly, in emerging markets and the lean-over experience on mobile as that is such a growing part of the gaming community, the gaming ecosystem. As it relates to specific technology, we're watching eagerly but we see that more as our ability to manifest those 3 modalities of play. And we'll work with each of those partners to deliver great games and services to gamers in the modality of play that makes most sense for them.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. And listen, as it relates to mobile, I think it's a great question. Certainly, as you've heard from us, it's something that we're very, very focused on and working diligently again right now as a company. And it continues to be a fantastic opportunity for expansion and revenue growth within our digital portfolio as we really drive the focus in this area. And I think early into what we're learning right now is that brands matter in this market. And we have tapped the power of the EA network, the brands within it, partner placement, the relationships we have with our partners, to really drive some incredibly strong IP. And we've demonstrated that with things like The Simpsons: Tapped Out, which continues to grow for us and has topped over $130 million life-to-date in digital net revenue. We continue to drive updates to that game. I think that, that's what we've learned is that ongoing progressive content that keeps experience fresh and exciting for gamers is important. Real Racing 3 has over 100 million downloads since launch, and again, it comes down to great IP, great game mechanic but also providing that extended and enhanced service. That team works diligently around continuing to upgrade and extend the product. Sims FreePlay, again, just a phenomenal brand for us, has over 87 million life-to-date installs. And 2 years post its launch saw its biggest revenue month inside of December. And so again, it's that mobile isn't a sprint, it's a marathon. These live service businesses, it's really important that you continue to work with your gamer base and grow the gamer base and provide them a really exciting experience over the long term that connects them with their friends and connect them with the experience. And again, now we're seeing that with Heroes of Dragon Age. And so we feel like now that we've learned how to acquire mobile gamers though our IP, the next step is really to follow the market monetization trends and really drive and reach those top grossing games. We've got some work to do, but we are making strides as we lower the barrier to entry to our games, increase the quality and manage what is a very exciting experiences for our gamers.
Andrew Wilson: With respect to FIFA Online 3 in China, as we've announced, we have a relationship with Tencent where we are working kind of hand-in-hand on the development, publishing and launch of this title. The core engine comes out of our EAC Studios, so you can expect that the gameplay is going to be top class. We are actually driving a lot of the meta-service layer out of our EA Korea studio, which again has been responsible for FIFA Online 3 work, with Nexon there and continues it exceptionally well and then partnering with Tencent in China on the publishing of that title. And for anyone who kind of understands the life cycle of a free-to-play property, there are a series of technical tests, closed betas and open betas, as you move into commercialization and you gradually scale the business over time with respect to feature set and user numbers, and we are in the middle of that process with Tencent right now and on plan for our target launch of this year.
Peter Robert Moore: Colin, it's Peter. Let me take the first part of that question, then I'll hand it over to Andrew. As both Blake and Andrew indicated, we obviously saw some decline in current-gen software that wasn't picked up by the increased anticipation that gamers have in the sales thereof of next-gen. Battlefield 4 was no different than FIFA or Need for Speed in this issue but this was focused on current gen rather than, we believe, any issues with the game itself. This game has got a long tail, as you well know, and we will continue to be able to sell this effectively throughout the next fiscal year. So yes, we did see some impact of the current-gen softness that was indicated by Andrew and Blake in their prepared statements, but this is not, we believe, linked to any quality issues.
Peter Robert Moore: Ed, it's Peter. Let me try and plow through that. Certainly, as we, again to reiterate, we've seen, obviously, a decline in what we anticipate and I think what the industry anticipated in current-gen once next-gen launched. We will continue to monitor this. You and I have been through these transitions many times, and you continued to re-forecast as you see trends. I will say this, both Sony and Microsoft recognized, in particular, Sony, have managed their PS2 to PS3 transition very well. Having ran that Xbox business, as you know, I think Microsoft is committed to the Xbox 360 for a number of years. So I would anticipate seeing both Sony and Microsoft get behind their current-gen platforms at least for the next 2 years and bring us to a 10-year cycle as we saw in the previous cycle. As regard to inventories, difficult for me to speak other than our own. As I think Blake alluded to, we have put some reserves aside to make sure that we are able to do the correct promotional activities in Q4 and beyond to move any inventory issues that we have to keep retail shelves fresh and make sure we've got room for our new titles in FY '15. And then as regards to next-gen, the tie ratios, I'm actually pretty bullish on what I'm seeing so far. Certainly, Sony has done well with the PS4 at -- when you compare it to the first 2 months of their launch on the PS3. They're up to 2.1 versus 1.9. Microsoft is a little down, the 2.6 attach on Xbox One versus Xbox 360, and this is U.S. only, during that similar period for launch, but I think a lot of that has to do with the some of the bundling activity we saw on a global basis, but certainly here in the U.S. I think it's been a solid start for both and we're incredibly bullish that, that will continue in FY '15.
Peter Robert Moore: Ed, it's Peter again. I think it's a little early. I mean, certainly, digital extra content, full game downloads is something we watch and something that we're keeping a very close eye on. I think what you see, typically, in the first couple of months is that consumers have gone to retail to pick up their boxes, and as a result, they probably bought the packaged goods version of that software. I think it's a good question for 12 months from now when we have a full year of data behind us. And it's also probably a more appropriate question for Sony and Microsoft to be able to speak to with PSN and Xbox LIVE, respectively.
Peter Robert Moore: I don't know if it is 10 million, Arvind, right on the nose. But I stand by my comments, I think it's going to actually be in excess of that and I'm feeling pretty good about what I'm seeing and hearing and visiting retail and listening to retailers talk about their flow of inventory. I think you can see, you do the store checks. Both Sony and Microsoft seems to be doing a pretty darn good job of flowing inventory in between now and from what I've seen, certainly, by the end of our fiscal quarter on March 31. I think it's 10 million-plus, Arvind.
Peter Robert Moore: Yes, I'm not going to talk about specific margins, but I think we've been pretty consistent over the years that as this industry moves to more digital downloads, that it's margin accretive for us as we start to leave behind some of the challenges sometimes that retail has. At the same time, we are selling a tremendous amount of packaged goods software, which leads to digital margins, in particular, when you think about Ultimate Team products on our sports titles and our Battlefield Premium subscriptions. One of those springboard off the disc that is typically sold at retail. So it's not a black-and-white issue of you either sell digital or you either sell packaged goods there. It's a combined economy for us in that respect and we enjoy digital margins of both our packaged good sales and our digital sales.
Peter Robert Moore: Okay. So I'll hit that both. First is the cost of development around cross-platform and the second with respect to FIFA Online in China and Brazil around the World Cup. As it relates to cross-platform development, I think something that is really starting to play under the strength of EA is this move to cross-platform play and the need for cross-platform development. So as a company, we've started to invest on a number of levels, over the past 3 or 4 years, that really help facilitate this transition for us. One is the investment in our digital platform at a core ID logging entitlement security data platform level, which again is universal across the company and lowers the cost barrier as you start out development. The second is the move to more common engines and you've heard a lot from us around Frostbite 3 and Ignite technology. And we continue to try and converge our Engine technology to the extent that our game teams aren't having to spend a lot of time, effort, energy and investment around the core game technology like physics, animation, rendering, audio, et cetera. And what that really does is frees up the game teams on a couple of fronts. One, it gives them the ability to outsource commodity like investment by virtue of common technology; and two, focus really their core-driven innovation around feature development as it relates to each platform. And the net of all of that is what we're seeing is fairly significant economies of scale as the player base across platform evolves and we start to deliver these experiences across platform. Second, as it relates to FIFA Online 3 and the World Cup, so we have announced a deal in China, and we've also announced that we are rolling out FIFA Online world, which is a slightly different manifestation but built on exactly the same engine for Brazil and Russia. We will be driving that inside the company with a full self-publishing opportunity. So we will maintain all of the value chain in those territories. So very excited about that, a great step for us as a company as we think about PC free-to-play in those emerging markets.
Peter Robert Moore: Ryan, it's Peter. Let me try and address that first question on Titanfall. Actually, the question -- the answer is yes. I think they can both coexist. We haven't talked at detail about our Titanfall digital strategy, but you're very familiar already, obviously, with Battlefield 4 Premium. We expect that to be incredibly strong for us as is Battlefield 4 typically as a catalogue title itself. Once we announce Titanfall, obviously, you'll have a better understanding what our digital strategy is. But I think they can both coexist very easily and then we think they will be both incremental and accretive to what we're going to be doing in FY '15. As regards to revenue, we're not prepared yet to talk about that. That will be on the next earnings call, and I think we'll be, obviously, 90 days better educated by the time we get there once Blake is able to disclose what our revenue's going to be for FY '15 in the next earnings call.
Peter Robert Moore: Yes, Ryan, this is Peter. If I can maybe address marketing. I mean, to be the leader the we currently are as publisher in the next-generation, you've got to be next-generation marketer to be able to match that up. And the marketing teams around the world are moving very rapidly into more performance-based marketing. We're not a traditional marketer anymore. We're utilizing 1:1 marketing techniques with the digital and, ultimately, more cost-effective for us and more relevant to the consumer. You're going to see continued efficiencies in that area for us, at the same time, not losing any impact of share of voice with the consumer.
Blake J. Jorgensen: And Ed, just to be crystal clear here on inventory, we regularly assess our reserves and our channel inventory, and we're truing up any reserve that we believe are required to maintain a clear channel. Part of our lower revenue in Q3 is driven by the fact that we put reserves on to make sure that we had a very clean inventory channel, and we're very comfortable with that even with the decline in the Gen3 sales that have been existing.
Blake J. Jorgensen: On the extra content, we're not going to break out the FIFA Ultimate Team versus other Ultimate Teams. But what you can see on the documents that have been published is that the extra content revenue for the quarter was up to $213 million, which is up 15%. Our original guidance for the year there was that would be relatively flat so we're clearly exceeding our expectations. And part of that exceeding the expectations is that we've improved the Ultimate Team offering for all of the sport. So while FIFA continues to grow, we're seeing great growth out of Madden NFL as well as NHL Hockey, and it's really improving the overall Ultimate Team experience. On top of that, also in that category, is the growth of FIFA Online 3, which is primarily a free-to-play business in Korea and soon to be in China, that's growing extremely well and is very popular in Korea. And Andrew might have some more detail on that, that he can provide. But we're very excited about, clearly, that whole component. And I think as people know, on a trailing 12-month basis, we're already over $700 million there, and we foresee that business continuing to grow year-over-year in the levels that it has over the last couple of years.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. So early days in Battlefield 4 Premium, as you know, most people buy the original game and then they sign up for Premium. Just as a reminder, from a financial standpoint and I can let Patrick talk about the product, we are recognizing Battlefield 4 Premium differently than we did Battlefield 3 Premium. As you know, we've recognized Battlefield 3 Premium at the end of program in one quarter. Now we're recognizing it ratably. There are 5 expansion packs that are scheduled to be released over the next year, and we plan to ratably recognize that revenue. So if you were to purchase something when the Premium first went out, say in October, when we first rolled out Battlefield, that purchase would be amortized over 15 months. If you were to purchase it in November, it would have been amortized over 14 months and so forth as we get to the end of the revenue. It will all be dropped into digital subscription revenue, so you'll see it in that part of the breakout of our financial statements. But I think it will be a lot smoother in terms of the revenue recognition versus what you saw before.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, I guess I would call it conservative. We, as a reminder, Titanfall is just on Xbox One and Xbox 360 and the PC. And so by that nature, it's smaller as an overall product. We're very excited about the product. Respawn has done an amazing job with it. But as a reminder, also, we'll be shipping it the tail end of the quarter, middle of March. And so essentially, the March revenue or the quarter revenue is primarily the first sell-in of that title. We expect the title to be very additive to us also in FY '15. You'll hear more about that when we give our '15 guidance. But it's really a starting point in Q4 this year and then we'll play well into next year as more and more people build the base of Xbox Ones or build or play the title either on 360 or PC.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Well, I think you should assume that we made that decision when it was back a few years ago when we decided to go exclusive. We had some forecast at that time from where we thought both Xbox and PlayStation would be and that's what we based our decision on. I think we're still feeling very comfortable with that. I think -- think about the deal as economically as we made. We told people last quarter that it's a trade-off between The Sims 4, which is the product we moved out when we moved Titanfall in. And the reason that's economically neutral on that deal in this year is that most of the expenses for the development of Respawn's products were expensed along the way, as we do with all of our R&D. And thus, when we ship that product, it's fairly high margin for us until we start to share royalties with them. You should assume in FY '15, we'll start to share royalties as the revenue builds, and that will start to reduce the profitability of the product over time. But the initial ship-in at the volumes that we're anticipating and built into our guidance are fairly profitable, and we determine it was a exact trade-off with The Sims profitability if that would've also been in the quarter.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, so I guess I'll restate your first part, which is not only are we beating on OpEx, I think we've been happy that we're actually beating on EPS and cash flow, which was really where we're trying to drive the beast every quarter. We've done that through trying to deliver on the top line, which we've been doing except with the minor miss in Q3, and at the same time, management -- more aggressive management of our OpEx across all parts of the organization. And I used the word management versus cost cutting because that's how we view this, and we view that there's a long opportunity ahead of us and more certainly to be able to drive our operating margins and profitability upwards. We're trying to prioritize and focus and we're trying to make sure that the entire organization is aligned with that, but we're also trying to do that so none of what we do cuts back on our future IP development and our ability to drive the top line longer term. And part of the reason that we're taking a step-by-step process over the next couple of years to continue to build our operating margins is because we are trying to protect the long-term franchise value of many of our key IPs. And we think that's a good balance and we think there is a lot of opportunity still left. I think we're a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be, which is good news, but we also know we've got a lot of challenges ahead. And as I mentioned, you'll see next quarter our guidance for fiscal '15, but I do think what you'll see is a continuation of the same strategy that we've all been talking about publicly to continue to build our operating margins over time.
Blake J. Jorgensen: But clearly, the growth in gross margin over the last 3 or 4 years has been driven by the movement into digital, not just full game but, obviously, all of the ancillary products. Any digital business comes in at a better margin for us because of lack of some of the physical and inventory-related expenses associated with it, as well as some of the margins you may lose or leak along the way. So we're very focused on continuing that process. But as Peter said, we're also trying to balance that with making sure our products get into all the people's hands that want them and we can do that through a lot of our great retail partners out there.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, I do say that -- I will say that we'll most likely be cautious around Gen3 for some period of time because until pricing for the all Gen3 or current-generation boxes gets settled down, it's hard to guess exactly if that will bring new consumers in or not. I do think we're still in a bit of an air pocket right now between the new consoles coming out and the old consoles, where many of the consumers are still waiting on the sidelines. And that's why you haven't seen 1:1 replacement in software. Our assumption is that it will start to go away over time, and it will settle into a normal Gen3 business. We still ship some Gen2 software, so we think Gen3 will be around for some period of time. And we think it'll be a viable part of our catalog going forward, and it could grow if for some reason the prices came down on the current-gen forefront -- or Gen3 consoles and brought new consumers into the market in places around the world that have not yet had access to the boxes.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, I mean, we'll give you a lot of detail around that next quarter when we do guidance. But I think you should assume is that we're trying to change the way we're operating. And so that means organizational changes, that means the way we go to market, that means how we actually do advertising, and that means prioritization of our product portfolio. We're trying to make sure that we fully invest in the key properties and stop investing in some properties that don't look like they have the opportunity to become the size that we would like or the scale that we would like. And I think we're also getting better at how we invest in those properties. And so even as we look forward, we should be able to, based on consistent engines across properties, for example, be able to continue to bring our overall development cost down. And you'll continue to see that built into our cost structure and, thus, expanding of our margins, over time, with limited upside on the revenue. And if we get bigger revenue upside, that will even be that much larger margin expansion.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, let me tackle the '15 question and then I'll let Andrew talk about the mobile question and Peter, if you want to jump in as well. What I did say in my remarks was that we'd give our, obviously, our details next quarter but that it would be a continuation of our multiyear plan for improving operating profit and cash flow. I've talked publicly about a multiyear strategy to get us into the 20% operating margin levels. We've been delivering on that every quarter. We're ahead of our plan on that, as I think you can tell, just by looking at our guidance numbers, that's up from what we originally guided for the full year. And I think you'll continue to see more of that next year. I'll give you details but assume that it is #1 focus for everything we're doing, along with building great products for gamers to make sure that we really deliver excitement around mobile and console gaming.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Sure. The first question I'll answer, and then let Andrew give you the FIFA answer. We do feel confident that there's more leverage there. We're really trying to drive more of the business to both digital, as well as use as much performance-based marketing activities. And the combination of those, I think, continues to show leverage off of the existing cost base, and then clearly leveraging the R&D expense line around prioritization but also using more standardized tools that allow us to really have the artist focus on building great games and not worrying about how the back office or platform operates. So more to come on that as we give our '15 guidance, but we do feel pretty confident that there's more opportunity.
Blake J. Jorgensen: With that, I think we'll wrap up the call. Appreciate everyone's time and attention and look forward to talking to everyone next quarter.
