Lawrence F. Probst: Thanks, Rob. As most of you know, I have agreed to serve as EA's Executive Chairman while the Board of Directors searches for a new CEO. In this role, I am focused on 3 key priorities: First, completing a fiscal '14 operating plan with a disciplined approach to cost control, along with growth on both the top and bottom line. Blake and Frank will take you through the details shortly, but I'm pleased to say we have locked a plan that delivers higher revenue while keeping our operating costs essentially flat. Doing that in the middle of a hardware transition will be a challenge, something we've never done in the 31-year history of this company, but we are committed to making it work. Priority number two is to help drive the process in the Board of Directors' search for a new CEO. We don't have any specific news to share today on the timeline or candidates. However, I can tell you that both internal and external candidates are being considered. Third and most important is to ensure EA is well positioned to deliver the best games and services on the next-generation consoles. Over the years, we've learned how great games delivered early in the cycle of a new platform can build strong and enduring relationships with our audience. This transition will determine market leadership for the rest of the decade, and we intend to win over consumers with world-class entertainment experiences. We have a saying at EA: "Transition is our friend." This is a time when we tighten our belts and position the company for future growth and success. We cut operating costs, sharpen our product focus and made strategic investments in next-generation consoles, mobile and PCs. The world is changing, and technology is about to take another big leap forward. Our goal is to capitalize on this opportunity by delivering high-quality games and services to our consumers on their platform of choice. With that, I'll hand it off to our CFO, Blake Jorgensen.
Lawrence F. Probst: Thanks, Frank. To summarize, EA is in very good shape. At the core is a great team delivering innovative games and services. We have invested in product quality, digital delivery and sustainable leadership on console, PCs and mobile. In recent weeks, we underwent a reorganization to focus our product portfolio and reduce our operating costs, and we have constructed an ambitious but achievable business plan for our employees and shareholders. Best of all, we have an incredible lineup of games and services for our consumers. With that, Blake, Frank, Peter and I will take your questions.
Lawrence F. Probst: To answer your question about risk, I think the primary issue relates to the next-generation consoles and the questions are when and what kind of quantities and what sort of price point. But we think we have planned conservatively around that issue and around those questions, and we have a high level of confidence in the guidance we provided.
Lawrence F. Probst: With regard to philosophy about planning and guidance, I would say my philosophy is to be conservative and exceed expectations. As we mentioned, as we went through the script, we've taken a hard look at the organization. We have really focused the product portfolio. We've made some adjustments in terms of headcount and operating expenses. My job is to make sure that we're growing the top line and the bottom line and rationalizing headcount and cost in conjunction with revenue. I think we've done a really good job of that in nailing down our fiscal '14 plan. I said earlier, we have a high level of confidence in the guidance that we provided, and we're excited about the product portfolio this year and future years going forward.
Frank D. Gibeau: Sure. This is Frank. I'll start with the second question first. As you know, last year we took a new approach in Austin by introducing some new pricing models to Star Wars: The Old Republic including a free-to-play model for our fans. Since it was introduced in November, we've added more than 1.7 million new players on the free model to the service, and the number of subscriptions has stabilized at just under 0.5 million. The really interesting thing that's happening inside the service right now is monthly average revenue for the game has more than doubled since we introduced the free-to-play option. And as we look forward, we're going to continually invest in new content for the service for players every 6 weeks or so. We just recently released Rise of the Hutt Cartel as our first major digital expansion, and it's reviewed extremely well, and it's selling very well. So it's early days, but we're very cautiously optimistic about how the conversion to free-to-play has gone for Star Wars: The Old Republic. As it relates to online services and next-generation platforms in your first question, there's not a lot of details I can give you on the call right now. We want to wait until E3 happens, and we start to get more public about what's possible with these next-generation platforms. But just know this, Electronic Arts is a content company but it’s also a platform company. It's a company that is invested in building out capabilities that is allowing us to connect consumers across multiple platforms. And so that part of our mission still remains true, but we'll have to wait until E3 to give you more detail on how that manifests itself inside the next-gen platforms.
Frank D. Gibeau: Sure, Arvind. This is Frank. I'll take both questions. On NBA, we're very focused on getting into the NBA business in a significant way this year. It's a very competitive category. We're the clear market leader there. So you'll learn more about our plans on NBA at E3, and we're very excited about that. As it relates to Battlefield Premium, we have no announcements at this time as it relates to a potential premium program for Battlefield 4. We can tell you that premium on Battlefield 3 was accounted for in fiscal '13. It was a very well-received platform and subscription that the customers really liked and enjoyed. It was great value. So that would be the texture and color I'd give you on premium.
Frank D. Gibeau: Yes, the only thing I would add is that in comparison to last transition, we're in a much better state as a company in terms of our development. As I mentioned in my remarks, our investments in Frostbite and EA SPORTS over the last year has really put us in a position where the technology side or the engine side of this transition has largely been derisked. And so we feel very good about how we're heading into this console. We're in much better shape this time than we were last time.
Frank D. Gibeau: This is Frank. As it relates to our overall portfolio, this is very complementary to our wholly-owned IP plan. Wholly-owned IP is the centerpiece of our portfolio. We're going to continue to invest and grow that. The Star Wars products and ideas that we have for that business line are very complementary to what we are currently planning over the next couple of years. And it gives us a real opportunity to reach new markets and new audiences that potentially will be very accretive over the long term.
Frank D. Gibeau: This is Frank, I'll step through. I think there's about 4 questions there. In terms of the ramp on next-gen consoles, it's way too early to tell or forecast whether it's slow or fast. We're big believers in next-gen consoles being a key growth driver for -- we're looking at in terms of the overall market. So I don't think you can characterize next-gen consoles would grow slowly or fast. We'll learn more as we get further into the year, at E3 and beyond. As it relates to current gen platforms, I think we launched a PlayStation 2 version of FIFA about 2 years ago. Very profitably and that was a good product for what customers were looking for. The current gen platform is going to stick around for a while. It will be a viable platform much like PS2 was a very viable platform for an extended period of time. So it will not dry up and go away immediately. It'll be there as an existing platform for us to continue to publish games against over the next couple of years. As it relates to FIFA and an upcoming World Cup year, as you know, in the past we have done World Cup editions of the FIFA franchise. We have nothing to announce at this time on this call, but it's clearly going to be a soccer mad year next year with the World Cup coming and with the continued expansion and popularity of the Premier League and the other leagues around the world. So we don't see any slowdown happening in the soccer business for a while.
Frank D. Gibeau: My expectation -- this is Frank. My expectation is that as the console transition gets through this year and expands, you'll see our title count go up.
Frank D. Gibeau: Yes, I can get into too much detail on how it compares and contrasts other than to say that the business plan that we looked at over the long term in this agreement was very good for Electronic Arts. It will contribute both top and bottom line growth. And as it relates to margins, we are very comfortable with making this investment, in making this commitment.
Peter Robert Moore: Yes, and Colin, let me address the Origin question. Just to update you on the installs, we're now at 47 million, of which 27 million are on the PC and then 20 million on mobile. And as you might imagine, with Battlefield 4 coming this year, we're expecting a very strong comp year-on-year on Origin. We love the fact that we can interact directly to our consumers through the Origin platform, and you can expect to see a ton of new consumer-friendly gamer-friendly upgrades in the feature set this year.
Peter Robert Moore: Doug, it's Peter. I think a lot of it was the strength of our catalog in the quarter, particularly of FIFA in Europe continued to do extremely well. You saw our numbers on FIFA digital, particularly FIFA Ultimate Team. And that has a stronger bias towards the European market than it does towards the North American market, although North America is growing rapidly with the FIFA franchise. And we have great hope and expectations that, that will continue in fiscal '14. But I think you can point to strong catalog, growing digital, particularly in the European market that we're seeing now as those individual markets start to really come up to speed with their broadband distribution, not only through our own platform, Origin, but our third-party e-tailers in Europe. And again, as I say, through FIFA, I think those were the core drivers that you saw the discrepancy between North America and Europe.
Peter Robert Moore: Andrew, this is Peter as well. Let me just add in from a sales perspective on consoles, and I've been through a couple of hardware trans, not as many as Larry, but a couple of hardware transitions myself. And typically what we see here, you're seeing a little bit of a polarization of the marketplace right now. The top 10 titles taking more and more of the unit revenue. In calendar year '12, we saw 49% of our total revenue occupied by the top 10 titles. And from that perspective, that will probably continue on a polarization basis until, to Frank and Larry's point, we learn more about next-gen announcements in -- at E3. You typically see a little bit of a slowing down of the current gen and then once next gen is out, you actually see an increase again. And we saw an actual -- when we looked at the numbers from the last transition, we saw an increase of 10% in the post-year launch of the current generation. So from that perspective, we're pretty bullish the current gen continues in its 8th year, pricing seems to be holding up well. So from the perspective of continuing to drive against Xbox 360 and PS3, we're extremely bullish.
Peter Robert Moore: Eric, this is Peter. I'll talk about catalog. It's always a strong pillar for us to lean on as we head to a transitional period, and this year will be no different. As I mentioned earlier to a previous question, catalog was very strong for us in Q4. We expect it to be strong again in Q1, primarily because we have but 1 major release in FUSE. And then as we head into the transition and hopefully into next-gen consoles by the holiday, depending on what's announced in the next few months, it will still continue to be a large part of our business, but then our focus obviously moves to the front line titles. Our back end of the fiscal year is heavy laden as it typically is with our new releases, so we'll transition our publishing teams on the ground to focus on front line.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Let me start. This is Blake. I'll start with the operating margin question around the console transition. I think as everyone knows, we've given guidance over the last year that we were spending roughly $100 million a year on next-gen development. We've continued to include that in our expenses. What we've done is we've gone through a very detailed process to eliminate expenses associated with products that either aren't growing or aren't large enough or aren't on platforms that we feel are long-term viable in the industry. And then we've also focused on how to minimize costs around the support structures inside the organization to make sure that the studios are getting the core funding for developing games. And so we've tried to consolidate our marketing organizations. We've tried to consolidate our G&A support to make sure that we have a very lean structure. And we've taken those actions during the last 2 quarters to try to tee us up in a position where we'd be able to announce to you that we're going to hold our costs flat for the coming year. We're very confident of that. And for those who know Larry, he's a very tough manager. And so he's holding the executive team to that goal, and we're very focused on continuing to look for ways to bring our operating costs down to continue on the journey of expanding our margins.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Justin, so I think -- let's start with the top, at the revenue line, the $4 billion in revenue we believe is a realistic revenue number within the guidance or within the confines of a console transition. As I said, we've tempered our views on the Gen3 titles, particularly our sports titles which will be out in the early fall. We also are very optimistic about Battlefield 4. The pre-orders look very strong, and we've had great reaction to the demos, as Frank has mentioned. So we're confident about the revenue line and that represents some serious growth across all of our different components, digital and packaged goods. On the OpEx side, we're also confident primarily because some of the cost actions we've taken and the fact that we fully baked in estimates for marketing expenses associated with both Gen3 and Gen4 titles, the costs associated with developing the new Disney Star Wars titles and the continued expansion of the mobile titles that Frank mentioned in his topic. So all in, I think we're in very good shape. The CapEx line is pretty consistent with what it has been in the past. And so we're fairly confident that we can deliver those subject to massive change in the market in the next couple of quarters. But based on what our expectations are for a smooth transition and primarily Gen3 revenues for us for the year, we're fairly confident of that.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Well, it's clearly 100%-owned IP. As SimCity, that was in Q4, it's an important earnings driver in the fourth quarter. But I would take our announcement now a full -- almost a year ahead of schedule that we're very focused on making sure it's delivered in the quarter and will be delivered in a way in which we think consumers will gravitate to the title. And we'll see both strong packaged goods, as well as digital business in that title.
Blake J. Jorgensen: What I would add -- and this has nothing to do with Battlefield 4 premium announcement. This is just a pure accounting statement. The accounting team here has been very focused on how do we recognize subscription revenue over time or on a ratable basis associated with the life of the subscription to try to avoid the lumpiness of the Battlefield 3 Premium. We know that frustrated people that they didn't see it until the end quarter, and so we're working to try to smooth that if we have future products like that.
Blake J. Jorgensen: I think you're seeing the continued growth of FIFA as a product, and as we mentioned, the continued playing of that product all during the sports calendar. The old days of people playing for a quarter or maybe even 2 have gone away and the combination of FIFA with FIFA Ultimate Team has created an amazing consumer experience that continues through the entire sports year. And in the case of soccer, that's almost 12 months. That's just a fantastic business for us, and we're very excited about the coming sports calendar.
Blake J. Jorgensen: The 11 titles are what we're basing our guidance on, plus the 15 mobile titles that Frank mentioned. So obviously, mobile's a large portion, but that is what we're basing guidance around. And if you feel like there’s a title that's missing, that's because we probably don't have it in our title plan for the year, were trying to be fairly focused this year and make sure that we get the Gen4 titles off the ground when those boxes are available.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, the Star Wars expenses are in there. But obviously, we're not planning on shipping any title in FY '14.
Blake J. Jorgensen: We're not building into the guidance any share buyback forecast. We tend to do our guidance without that. You can assume that since we’re only about halfway through our buyback program we'll continue to look for ways to return cash to shareholders. The CapEx, as I said, it's pretty consistent with what it was last year, around $100 million. And so assume that everything is free cash flow below that until you see future buyback. As we do those, we'll report in to you each quarter what those buybacks were and how much we spend on them.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Both on the margin and the guidance question. On the margin question, clearly, we've been very public about our goal to continue to march towards a 20% operating margin, if not higher. And that's a combination of continued expansion on the gross profit line. Digital is a major driver there, as well as our investment in the back office abilities to deliver our digital platform. And all of those are on track. The gross margin for the forecast is dampened slightly by the fact that Battlefield is such a large product for us, a number of units that will skew towards more packaged goods just because of its size and that counters the gross margin growth in some way, but we'll continue to be on that path. I think the key to remember on the operating expense forecast is Gen4 investments that we're making, plus investments in a couple of key products during the year. So you should assume that we'll spend more money marketing Battlefield than we did Medal of Honor, for example, and continuing to build out the digital platform and the mobile platform. As I think Frank said, investing in 15 mobile titles. All of those are what I would call increases in operating expenses. We counterbalanced all those by decreases in expenses associated with the organization and with some products that we're stopping. That's allowed us to hold OpEx flat, but those would be the reasons you're not seeing an OpEx coming down during the year.
Blake J. Jorgensen: On the cash question, we're very comfortable with the current cash balance. As a reminder, about 60% of that's offshore. We do have a convert outstanding that we think about all the time as a bill coming due at some point in the future. But also I think most important, we're very focused on the internal opportunities that we see today. We have purchased businesses over the last few years, and we've been spending our time trying to figure out how best to integrate those and leverage those. PopCap, for example, huge opportunity with the Plants vs. Zombies and Bejeweled franchises. And we're really focused on how we get our best value out of those existing franchises versus worrying about going out and buying something new. Our goal is to return cash to shareholders, and we'll do that in whatever is the most efficient way to do it at the right time. But you should continue to see buyback programs and very much a focus on generating cash flow over time.
