Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Blake. Q2 was an exceptional quarter for EA. With digital growth, improved cost management and a slate of successful titles giving us strong momentum moving into the second half of the year. Our attention is now looking forward to our next-gen launches, ramping up our mobile effort and positioning our long-term IP development to deliver amazing new experiences to our gamers wherever they want to play. When the next-gen consoles begin to ship next month, EA will deliver an unprecedented lineup in the launch window. Battlefield 4, Madden NFL 25, and FIFA 14 will be available Day 1 for both PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. NBA Live 14 and Need for Speed Rivals then join our next-gen roster just a few days later. In March, we'll launch Titanfall, a thrilling new first-person action experience from our partners at Respawn Entertainment. In mobile, games like Plants vs. Zombies 2, FIFA 14, The Simpsons: Tapped Out and Real Racing 3 are showing how major brands can break through the cluttered ranks to continually engage players on smartphones and tablets. We will lean heavily into our key brands as we double down on mobile development to accelerate our growth in this vital segment. In the last 2 weeks, you've also seen several announcements about our product slate for the remainder of this year and into FY '15. We are refining our focus on our biggest brands and great new IP in development, including The Sims 4, EA SPORTS UFC, FIFA World Cup and Dragon Age: Inquisition. Looking further out, we have a strong pipeline of new IP taking shape, including Star Wars: Battlefront. At our core, we're resolved to continue strengthening EA's relationship with the hundreds of millions of gamers that play our games around the world. Every day, we hear from our gamers about what they'd like to see next from EA. This feedback is incredibly valuable and shapes our decisions about the games we make. Providing great experiences for our gamers, supporting our talent and executing on our strategy, as well as delivering profitable growth. These are the fundamental beliefs that define EA today. Combined, they drive us to deliver every day on commitments to our most important stakeholders; a commitment to support our talented teams as they create the absolute best games and services; a commitment to do the work needed to be known, loved and respected by gamers for the games that we create and a commitment to deliver profitable growth and continually improved returns to shareholders. I look forward to sharing our successes with all of you in the years to come. With that, Blake, Peter, Patrick and I will take your questions.
Andrew Wilson: And certainly to answer the question around next-gen and the strategy for the company, I'd start by saying this is my third major transition at this company. And so I've had the great benefit to see the good, the bad and the ugly as we've come through transitions. And certainly coming out of the last transition, we were resolute in our desire to ensure that we didn't have that kind of challenge again. So as we approach this transition, I would say we started work earlier than we ever had done before, and we worked more closely with both Microsoft and Sony throughout the entire process. And the end result is, we have a launch slate of games that are the best transition games that I've ever seen come out of this company. And so as I take that and look forward, I think we are starting this console generation far stronger than we ever have done before. And the platform and the foundation that we have built, I believe, is going to serve to ensure that we can deliver great games to gamers for many, many years to come.
Andrew Wilson: So I don't know that we've got a lot to share at this point, other than you can expect us to continue to invest behind the big brands that we've talked about today. The second piece I would say is, that we are continuing to invest heavily, both in our Frostbite engine and our Ignite engine and our underlying digital platform. And while we certainly have incubation going on through the company, we believe that those engines, in and of themselves, will ensure that any products that we bring out in the future will certainly be genre-defining and hopefully industry-defining titles.
Andrew Wilson: And certainly, I think your perception is right. Throughout our industry, that might be different, but having seen the game, having seen what's coming, we are very, very excited about the launch of Titanfall, and truly believe it's going to define this platform generation from the outset.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, I think it's a great question. Certainly, as we look at this console generation, I think we, as a company, have always been excited about it. One, it's made us progressively more excited and more bullish, I believe, this would come through this year, is as we've seen the kind of energy and excitement at a consumer level, really start to resonate. I think it really started to heat up at E3. We saw an energy around our industry that haven't seen in a little while. It's certainly reached a roll by Gamescom, which is a consumer-driven show, and we really saw an energy there. And again, when you look at the success of a console generation through the combination of 2 things, great consoles and great software. And as I talked about earlier, I think that our launch software this time is head and shoulders above where we were last time. And certainly will, I believe, satiate appetite for gamers and actually grow the industry over time. So we are certainly bullish as we come into this platform generation, particularly as well as we have executed.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, and one more point, actually a couple more points on that, is that this is the third transition I've gone through, and both companies here have pieces of hardware that feel to me, certainly, from my experience, that the pricing can come down pretty aggressively over the next few years. Sony is starting off of a full $200 cheaper than they did in the previous generation. The services attached to these consoles now are incredibly sticky, and both companies are touting their entertainment features, which make this a must-have device, not just for hard-core gamers but for households, for families. And when you bring all of that together, I think our ability to be able, as a company, to take advantage of that is huge. But to Blake's point, we're a different company than we were 8 years ago when this previous generation started. And the diversification of our content offerings, our ability to deliver live services, allows us to be somewhat inoculated from the bumpiness of console transitions. And I think you're seeing -- you're certainly seeing that in this past quarter, and you're going to see that going forward here. But certain amount of bullishness that I think I certainly can talk about, and what retailers around the world talk to me about, versus maybe where we were 6 months ago when we were looking at this console generation transition.
Andrew Wilson: I'll take a crack at that. Certainly, I think it's hard to predict the average return per user over time, and certainly as part of the console generation. But here is what I would say is that our games are, in fact, engaging gamers for longer and with greater immersion than they ever had. As we think about the gamer that has a certain entertainment spend, a portion in their wallet from week-to-week, month-to-month, the more of their engagement time that we can drive, and the greater and deeper experiences that we can drive, we should almost certainly benefit from a greater proportion of that predetermined entertainment spend. And so as we look forward when we're thinking about developing games, we now always build games plus services. We're moving from product to product plus service. You've seen it in the trailing 12 to 18 months, and you will certainly see it on a go forward basis. And that's good for us, and it's good for gamers, and we believe that is the future of this company. When you think about mobile and what we can do there, again, if I think about how gamers play, they're -- more and more gamers are playing and they're playing for more and more time, and their desire for more integrated, immersive experiences with high fidelity controls, high fidelity graphics, stronger store reactions, just greater levels of engagement opportunity overall, that starts to play to our strengths. And so when we think about mobile on a go forward basis, some of the greatest things that we have been doing through the history of this company really start to become a strength, as the personality of mobile gamers advances and evolves, and as platform hardware increases in processing, GPU, output and memory. So all things considered, if you combine the services against console that we believe are the foundation for the future of this company, and you look at where mobile is going and how that plays into the strength of us as a company, that potentially some of our newer competitors do not share, we feel very good about the future.
Andrew Wilson: And when Patrick said lick his wounds, that's Swedish for enjoy the launch of what is a [indiscernible].
Patrick Söderlund: I'll start, Patrick, I'll start the, on the Battlefield question first. It's very early. We launched the game yesterday in North America. It's coming out in a couple of days in Europe. Early signs are positive, the reviews are strong. I think we have to reflect upon what the DICE team in Sweden have built. It's a game that's we're launching on 5 platforms. It has features that have never been seen before in a game, like you can connect via tablet and play the game in a meaningful way. There are other features, like 64 players in 60 frames that console players will see for the first time. And overall, the reviews, as I said, have been positive. We're seeing a 9.5 from Gametrailers, we're seeing a 9.5 from Machinima, we've seen a 9.0 from Joystiq and on. Peter can probably comment more on market dynamics, but from a product perspective, we're very pleased with it.
Patrick Söderlund: Yes, this is Patrick. So on the quality side, and if we're rushing a game, I would say no, we're not doing that at all. This is a very experienced, seasoned team, one of the best in the industry. They've got a bunch of great games under their belt. We have been monitoring and working with them for a long time. This has been a game that's been in development for multiple years. And all the data that we have in front of us suggest that this game will not only be highly rated, but very highly rated. So I feel better than I would normally feel at this time, on a game like this.
Patrick Söderlund: Yes, this is Patrick. So when it comes to Battlefield on an annual basis, I mean, from my perspective, this is a day where we just, today launched Battlefield 4. And obviously, there's been a lot of long hours that's gone into making -- getting it into the market. And again, I think it's a major achievement from our dev teams. I don't have anything to announce. To be honest, as it relates to Battlefield, apart from the fact that we need to lick our wounds a little bit on this one, enjoy the success and then come back at a later time.
Peter Robert Moore: Yes, Colin, it's Peter. As to your question of where we feel, from a publishing perspective, the market has embraced it. We've certainly hit our planned sell-in numbers. If you hit Retailer, and I know you do, you'll see end caps and aisle stuff, you've seen our marketing on television and online. To Patrick's point, it's still early. We've just shipped in the last few hours, obviously in the United States and Canada. We're yet to ship in Europe, and we'll have a better feel for initial sell-through by the end of the week. But so far, so good. We feel all of the core elements are in place. As you've seen with other AAA launches in the last few weeks, current-gen seems to be holding up. We are very, very excited and you've seen a lot of footage that Patrick and his team at DICE had put out on next-gen. We're also excited about what we're seeing on pre-orders for that. So from our perspective, when we look at what the key dynamics are right now, feeling very good. I can tell you that on Origin, the PC version, the preorders are up 35% versus Battlefield 3, and that's a good precursor for the PC version of that game. And we're seeing strong engagement online already for the PC version of Battlefield 4. But early days yet, Colin.
Peter Robert Moore: Yes. So Edward, you and I had been through many of these transitions together, and you're familiar with the way that this thing climbs and builds into your installed base and then the attach rates. When I talked to our friends at both Sony and Microsoft, and I'm trying to get some indications in the numbers that are going to be available for sale by the end of our fiscal year on March 31 and I aggregate them, I think I can squint and see 10 million units combined, very easily. Both Sony and Microsoft are proposing that this could be their best launches ever as regards their production numbers and their ability to globalize this business quickly. So we feel bullish about our ability, to Blake's point, of having 5 truly next-gen titles available for that. As regards to attach rates, we typically, as you know, see maybe 3 titles per unit. And depending on how aggressive bundling goes on with the first parties, but I don't see any indication that there would be any less than that right now, from what we're seeing and hearing from our retail partners. So I think overall, we feel very bullish. We've got the right product at the right time. We have not had some of the problems some of our fellow publishers in the industry have been getting. Our quality title's ready for next-gen. We feel, as we've said on previous earning calls, we're well ahead of this transition and we're going to nail it. So all in all, again, early days with either of them, both to launch yet, but feeling good about product quality from their end, production quality from their end, franchise quality from our end and our ability to attach strongly to the boxes by the end of the fiscal year.
Peter Robert Moore: Hey Doug, it's Peter. Yes, I mean, we've hit our selling numbers. As you know, our sell-through right now was a little softer than we projected, but nothing that we didn't expect ultimately, given the commentary you've heard from Blake here. I think the important thing to look at here is data that you can see is engagement levels that we're enjoying on FIFA right now, and they're certainly up year-on-year versus FIFA 13. Why is that important? Because of the amount of digital revenue we can continue to drive. You know very well the importance of FIFA Ultimate Team and the other Ultimate Teams that Blake alluded to in his prepared comments and how important that is to the growth going forward. Engagement is what we're looking at right now. FIFA has got a very long tail, and next-gen will give it a boost on top of that. But we're ready for an exciting next-gen FIFA. You've seen the trailer this week that we launched. We think that helps us enormously. And current-gen, certainly, on a global basis, on a global title like this, still, it will be very important for a number of years to come. So yes, selling was a plan. I think replenishment will continue. Engagement is above plan, which is very important to us and we'll continue to push hard as we always do.
Peter Robert Moore: Yes, I could, I think -- and the third leg to that stool is the fact that the more people that obviously get FIFA in their hands, the more opportunity we have to be able to provide them with the digital services, FIFA Ultimate Team, particularly in the European market where we see very strong engagement levels. So to Blake's point, this is about Xbox One being driven hard with a world-class game that gamers, particularly again in the European marketplace flock to. It allows us to get obviously 100% of those consoles attached to FIFA, and as a result, our attach rate to digital consumers in the digital services, in the form of FIFA Ultimate Team benefit us. So I think it's a win-win for both companies.
Peter Robert Moore: That's the estimate for what I see, and speaking with our partners at Sony and Microsoft. Those are available for sale on the shelf by March 31 of 2014, yes.
Peter Robert Moore: Yes, Tim, this is Peter. Certainly, what we're seeing now at retail is a great expectation on next-gen. In fact, I was in retail yesterday, and you can see, if you guys -- you all visit, how retailers, the big box guys like Walmart and Best Buy, the specialty guys like Gamesoft are getting ready for next-gen. I want to remind everyone on the call, this is the first time that we've had 2 major console launches in the same couple of weeks, never happened before with a magnitude that we're seeing. If you're paying any attention at all, I know you are on television, you're starting to see Microsoft and Sony gear up to what should be a massive investment in marketing over the period between now and the holidays. And I think retailers in particular are starting to see that. You've seen a recent AAA launch when you have the right content that catches the imagination of gamers blow through the roof. And I think that bodes well for retail. Certainly, we are enjoying the fact that they have clearly had a very strong month and that gives them the bullishness and the investment level to be able to invest, going forward, both in current-gen and next-gen. But I, for one, couldn't be more excited about what I'm feeling right now in the marketplace. Retailers around the world are gearing up with great anticipation. And our partners at Sony and Microsoft are about, I believe, to embark upon a level of unprecedented spend that we'd never seen in this industry yet, so I think it's all coming together very, very well.
Peter Robert Moore: Yes, and just to be clear on that, if everybody's not familiar, it's a way of allowing consumers to invest in current-gen and yet protecting their investment if and when they get a next-gen box, in which in most cases, they can spend $9.99 and get the next-gen version of the same game.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Let me start at it, and then I'll have Peter talk a little bit about the market. I think as you know, we've guided that next-gen for fiscal '14 is a relatively small part of our overall business. Clearly, we'll be putting out 5 next-gen titles this quarter. We'll have a better feeling for how quick the uptake is and what the attach rate is to those. And we believe things like Battlefield will do extremely well in next-gen. But we also understand that the market's going to take time to build. And so our forecast for full year assumes relatively low next-gen, uptick of our core business. Pater, you might want to talk about what you see so far...
Blake J. Jorgensen: Well, our guidance originally had already made some adjustments for the new boxes being launched at Christmas time. And we're trying to be prudent in all our expenses, as you know, and there's a small amount of phasing that's going on. It's not a huge number, but we wanted to just be careful that you guys don't roll all of our savings for the first half of the year into the back half of the year. We're also, as we've talked about, trying to save some dry powder for further marketing if it's required during the holiday season, because we fully appreciate it's going to be a competitive timeframe for titles amongst all the publishers.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, no, I mean, we've -- as we started the year, we forecasted that all the sports titles, with the exception of FIFA, would be down. And that has -- year-to-date, that has proven to be exactly as we had forecasted in line with our guidance. We are assuming that will continue in the back half of the year, and thus the mix that we originally forecasted on Gen4 versus Gen3 will continue as we guided and as we're continuing to observe in our guidance at $4 billion for the full year. I would say if there's greater interest in next-gen boxes or the software attach rate, it's higher than that's upside for us, because we have not built that in as a critical component of our business plan for the year since most of our titles shipped before the next-gen boxes. So long-winded way of saying, it's basically in line with our original guidance, and we're still seeing that play out in the marketplace, and we're confident going forward that, that will be consistent in the back half.
Blake J. Jorgensen: And we have, I think as you know, we've talked about, without specifics on timing, we've talked obviously about titles like UFC, which is being developed and introduced next year. Obviously, a FIFA World Cup. We've talked about Dragon Age, and obviously, the Star Wars titles, ultimately in the future years. And so there's a lot going on. And much of our cost base is turning from Gen3 development to Gen4 development. Historically, that's been a problem for us, this time I think we've managed it extremely well, and that's why we're able to hold our cost down. And we'll continue to reduce our cost in Gen3 development as our Gen4 takes over the full development. But we will have Gen3 and Gen4 titles in the mix for a long time to come. Just as no different than we'd still ship the occasional Gen2 title that we're still making. So it's part of how we operate the business. And I think we've had a very good handle on the cost in that shift, and should help us continue to bring our cost down in the future.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, and I think remember, as well that we're doing some bundling with Microsoft in Europe around Xbox One. And while we think we've done a good job of predicting, it's hard to determine, in fact, how much that may have impacted sell-through in any key markets. And that product, obviously is built into the Q3 and Q4 forecast. But remember also that part of the reason that Q3 revenues shifted into Q4 is some of the upgrade programs where we've -- we're providing a upgrade for users from a Gen3 title to a Gen4. We won't recognize that revenue until Q4 and thus some of the phasing difference.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. So first on the gross margin. Gross margin guidance of 68%, relative to 66% in Q3 FY '13, excuse me, is it's higher for a couple of reasons. One, higher shift of packaged goods to digital, a mix shift -- overall revenue mix shift, and obviously, Battlefield is a very high-margin title relative to what we saw in Q3 of last year. So we're very confident in that gross margin forecast, and much of it has to do with both Battlefield and the digital piece. On Titanfall versus The Sims, a couple of things to note. First, with our partners at Respawn, who have done an amazing job developing what looks like a fabulous game. They've done a fantastic job keeping that on schedule and possibly even ahead of schedule in some ways. We saw an opportunity and a launch window in the fourth quarter because of some of the critical titles that were planned to be there moving out of the quarter, like Watchdogs or The Crew or some other titles, it looked like they're being delayed. Titanfall is a title that also has an amazing following already in the market. Ever since it was shown at E3, people have been highly interested in it. Microsoft wanted to include it in its marketing campaign associated with Xbox, which you're seeing in the market today. And all of that led us to decide to move it into the year. The Sims is a title that can be shipped almost any time in the year. The Sims 3 was shipped in June 2009. It can ship in the summer, in the winter, in the fall. It's a title that has a huge following. And we can always continue to develop, because much of that title is based on not just the base title, but also expansion packs. And so we'll use the additional time to continue to develop greater expansion packs and the product. In terms of the forecast, both products were expected to ship in the last part of the quarter, essentially the middle of March. So it's only 2 weeks of sales. In the case of Titanfall, it's a brand-new IP, and it's exclusive only, for the life of the title, on Xbox One and Xbox 360 and PCs. It's a first-person shooter, and 2 of the biggest shooters are our own shooter Battlefield and obviously Call of Duty, will have already shipped in the holiday. And so we're being somewhat conservative in our forecast for what the revenue is, and it's similar to what we expected for The Sims. Second, The Sims is a high-margin product because it's wholly-owned IP. Titanfall is obviously a product that we share the revenues and profits with Respawn. But as any of our developed titles through our partnership agreements, we typically invest in the title and expense those costs along the way. And so for the year, the profitability of Titanfall is similar to The Sims, because we've already expensed the bulk of that R&D. And thus the trade-off in profitability is equal, and we found that it was a good time to shift one for the other. And so that's the quick story, and we're extremely excited about both Titanfall and The Sims, and we think it's going to help make not just this year, but next year very, very strong.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, Stephen, let me start with the off balance sheet item, and then I'll have Patrick and Andrew talk to the Titanfall. Patrick's been very close to the Titanfall development. As a simple reminder, we always said Titanfall was spring of this year, so we were always planning either March, April, May, right in there, so it's not a big movement in title. But Patrick's been working with the team at Respawn, and he can talk to that. On the off balance sheet liabilities, I know that's a question that comes up because I've heard it from quite a few investors, as well as analysts. And people tend to worry about anything they see as off balance sheet. I think critical in our business is, we want to make sure people understand what our forward commitments are for any of our developer or licensor agreements. We have those with, obviously sports leagues, with athletes, a whole variety of people. The key to remember is, those are tied to products. So the risk would be, we stop making the product. And I don't think we're going to stop making FIFA anytime soon. And thus any of those future commitments that are associated with FIFA revenue, i.e. royalty on FIFA revenue, we would continue to be able to make. So the case out there that says, the off balance sheet liabilities are a problem, have to imply that we would actually exit products and be on the hook for those liabilities. And in most cases, they are tied directly to products like FIFA, like Madden, like Star Wars, where we have all intentions of making the product and all intentions of making a really strong products that will easily cover the royalties within the goals of our profitability plans going forward. So with that, let me turn it to Patrick and Andrew on the Respawn ship dates.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, I can't comment on the specifics. What I would say is that it's a part of a Microsoft bundle, and so thus we're not reserving any sales reserves or price protection that we might normally reserve on a normal product in the channel. It's going in through a Microsoft box. But you should trust that we're not providing a major discount on the product. We want to maintain the profitability of the FIFA franchise, and that's critical to us. What we're really trying to do is help introduce new players to FIFA, and Microsoft is trying to build a bigger share in Europe for Xbox, and those 2 fit really well together. Peter, you want to...
Blake J. Jorgensen: I think the other thing to remember is, we're a completely different company than we were during the last console transition. A huge portion, over $1.75 billion of our revenue is coming from digital, and what that really means is, we're looking for ways to not just diversify our revenue, but also to enter new parts of the market that didn't exist before, mobile, free-to-play PC. Many of these didn't exist in the last console transition, certainly were monetized like they are today, and we're trying to make sure we're focused on all of those areas. And we're trying to take our current product strength and extend that through building the life of the product at a much more exciting gameplay that goes on for 1 year or 2 years. We were selling, in Q2 of this year, Battlefield 3. And the reason for that is, Battlefield Premium, the love for the product and the excitement around the product. We'd like all of our products to have that type of life, that is extending the gameplay over time, and we think that's going to be critical to our success.
Blake J. Jorgensen: And just a clarification, that is if I understood your question, we have upgrade programs on sports titles. We also have it on Battlefield 4 for Sony that's running through their program for Gen3 to Gen4 upgrade.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. So our programs are 2-fold, one is to protect people, the Ultimate Team investment, as it transitions from Gen3 to Gen4, as well as to upgrade people with the physical title or electronic title from Gen3 to Gen4.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Well, I'll take a crack at the first part of the question and then I'll let Patrick, since he's the guy who's got to build it. I'll let Patrick answer the second part. So on the op margin, we've talked publicly about our goal of moving our operating margins into the 20s. And we've talked about that over a 3-year period without providing explicit guidance. This is the first year in that 3-year period, and we are making the right moves to start to move that number up. We obviously guided to a higher number, and we've been exceeding that in the first half of the year. We're very focused on, I would say we're all 100% aligned on making that happen. And it's a journey that we need to just continue to move on out through the next couple of years, but then on into the future. And it's going to require great products, stuff that consumers really gravitate to and love, and a huge portion of that being delivered either digitally or mobilely, as well as continuing to have built off a great franchise that we have like Battlefield and FIFA.
Blake J. Jorgensen: We were highly conscious of the fact that if Battlefield is as successful as we believe it'll be, that, that sets ourselves up for a challenge next year. But remember, we're introducing NBA this year. We're introducing UFC next year. We have Sims next year, we would most likely, possibly have Dragon Age next year. And so a World Cup next year as well, and so there's a lot to fill, that these holes that Battlefield may create, which should be a good problem to have. But you'll hear more about our ultimate revenue and plans and title plans when we give guidance later in the year.
