Andrew P. Wilson: Thanks, Blake. We are at a powerful point in EA's journey. The investments we've made in our IP, our technology platform, and our live service strategy uniquely position EA to lead in a networked world that spans more players, platforms, and geographies than ever before. At our core, we are a creative company. We are game makers that love to capture the imagination and make extraordinary entertainment possible for our players. We're also unique in that we have a unified, world-class technology platform and engine that provide the backbone of our network. Our studio teams are leveraging more sophisticated data and insights, secure and scalable infrastructure, and new game (23:41-24:10) and streaming in the future. With every experience, we are working to bring our players even closer. Constant community input is part of our creative process today: from developer feedback sessions and continual dialogue with community influencers, to the gameplay data that helps us tune and optimize, to community test environments where we can share our latest innovations. Putting our games into the hands of our players – like we will at EA PLAY in Hollywood in June – helps to keep us moving, evolving, and constantly pushing for more breakthroughs. We're continually engaging, expanding and strengthening our network by keeping players at the center of everything we do at Electronic Arts. As we deliver more groundbreaking experiences, and deepen the engagement of our global player base, the EA Player Network is how we create greater value through a connected world of play. Every day, the global community of gaming is expanding – through more devices, more games, and more ways to play. Our EA Player Network will enable players to navigate, to find their friends and engage in more of the experiences that matter to them most. Through persistent experiences and user interfaces like our Battlefield network, to playing and viewing esports competitions, to discovery of new content that adds to the fun, the EA Player Network is already helping to deliver a more personal and connected gaming world for our players, and we're just getting started. We're looking forward to another year of growth and leadership for Electronic Arts. Now Blake and I are here for your questions.
Andrew P. Wilson: Yeah. We're very excited about our esports strategy and what we're doing, and what we saw this year in both FIFA and Madden were significantly higher engagement and monetization inside of Ultimate Team for those competing in esports tournaments. And again, this isn't just about the big championship tournaments. We run a whole series of events at a grassroots level all the way up to the elite level of tournaments. And so we think about this in a similar way that we think about all sports, which is we want to make stars of all of our players, the novice player as well as the professional player. And while there will almost certainly be solid revenue generation from broadcast rights, from sponsorship, from advertising, from players and teams and the monetization of those things, the lion share of the revenue will always be the digital transactions that exist in the ecosystem. We see that in leading esports tournaments and leading esports games already. And what we have seen in FIFA Ultimate Team and Madden Ultimate Team over the past 12 months confirms what our original strategy was, which was we will drive those other things. We will benefit from those other things. The lion share of return will come from the ongoing engagement and live service component that is things like Ultimate Team. And you should expect as we launch other esports games that they will also revolve around a very robust and rich digital ecosystem similar to Ultimate Team.
Andrew P. Wilson: Yeah. So, thank you. As you know, Battlefront I was a great game, and widely regarded as the best way to fulfill your Star Wars fantasies. Frostbite really brought the Star Wars universe to life, but there were some things that a number of players asked for. A single player campaign was probably the number one thing that players asked for, and you heard that we'll be doing that. And I'm very excited by what we're seeing there. The Motive Studios who is a collection of developers who have a tremendous track record in building action-adventure and single player campaigns is putting that together. They wanted things like space battles and more vehicles and more heroes and more eras and more planets, and what you heard from us is that it will have all of those things. We took the feedback very, very seriously. We've invested in a very meaningful way, and when we say we believe the game is three times the size in terms of content, we're very serious about that. And our expectation is that the large, engaged passionate fan base of Star Wars fans around the world are going to love everything that we're doing.
Andrew P. Wilson: So again, in terms of, we'll start from the back. The fan anticipation has been very, very strong; 16 million organic views. That's not us paying the viewers. That is fans seeking out the content. I would say the feedback has been almost entirely positive. The inclusion of a single-player campaign, the inclusion of a new heroine in Iden, space battles, new content, new heroes, new world, new planets. I think the feedback of that is very, very strong. As we think about the live services, nothing – I'm not talking in great deal about it now other than, the game is going to be three times the size of the original game at launch and we also have a very, very robust live services plan that we're going to talk about in the coming weeks and months, particularly around EA PLAY and E3 in just a few weeks' time.
Andrew P. Wilson: And we'll go from there. The first thing is, is Mass Effect is an interesting title. It was in development for a really long time and represented a lot of the great things that BioWare is known for: story, size, depth, breadth, imagination. And while overall, the aggregate review scores were lower than we would have liked, we did have over 100 reviewers score the game at 80 or higher. So it represents a fan base that's very passionate; looking for very particular things. And many players found exactly what they're looking for and some players did not. With that said, we believe Mass Effect Andromeda delivers a rich, deep experience which celebrates what makes the franchise great: wonderful, beautiful, deep rich worlds, amazing combat and engaging fast-paced, multiplayer. New multiplayer content is continuing to be released and new content kind of arriving overall more regularly so. We're very happy with kind of how BioWare is doing, how BioWare is treating Mass Effect. And our expectations for Mass Effect are still strong for the future and the franchise overall. In terms of the new IP, the choice to move the new IP and what happened with Mass Effect are completely unrelated. The realities is we have a creative process. As a company, creativity and pioneering is really important for us. Now, innovation in games is important more now than ever. And as a leader in the industry, we see it as our responsibility to innovate. And as part of our creative process – and I get to be involved in that creative process – we recognize that there was so much more opportunity in a connected network social world to do some things in the new BioWare game that had never done before and we don't think anyone is going to do anytime soon. But by virtue of our network, our cross-platform presence and our scale, we think we can do that. And we chose to give the team some more time to deliver against that innovation because we believe players are looking for the kinds of things that we plan to put into that game. And so we're very happy with BioWare. BioWare has continued to support Mass Effect, and the new team is doing some amazing things, and you'll hear more about that in the months to come. In terms of PopCap, again, I think there's a couple of different presence for PopCap. We have an amazing PopCap team in Vancouver that built Garden Warfare 1 and 2 on consol. That game continues to do extremely well, high critical acclaim, strong engagement, and strong sales over its life, so we're very happy with that team. The team's building against Mobile Games out of Seattle, recognize that the market continues to change, that brands are really important in the mobile space, but so is focus. And the notion of building lots of small things really doesn't pay out the way it does in mobile like it did just a few years ago. And their decision was to refocus and really energize around a few core PopCap IP and that drove a slight change in structure there. But you shouldn't read into anything other than we are very, very committed to PopCap and very committed to PopCap IP, and very committed to bringing that wonderful IP to players across devices in the future.
Andrew P. Wilson: We see kind of on three core vectors. Again, we make artificial humans inside of video games and have been doing that for many decades, and the sophistication of those human beings inside of our games continues to grow. And so we have a lot of energy about how do we improve the AI of our characters inside games so that their performance is far more believable and far more human. A second vector is just how we think about pathing and difficulty inside of our games, so with the growing population of players across devices, the notion that one size fits all with respect to experience is no longer relevant. And so we have a lot of work going into how we think about a dynamic experience, a dynamic and personalized experience for every single player in our network, even as they play the same games with their friends on similar devices. And it's really about how do we change difficulty level, how do we change pathing, how do we provide the tools and feedback that those players need so that they can get the single best experience and ultimately engage with the game longer. And then the third vector, of course, is just how we think about recommendations and presentation of content and merchandising of content and marketing of the content that we produce to a global player base. We have deep investment going on in all three vectors. We think we're leading in a number of categories. A lot of that will start to manifest itself inside of our EA Player Network. You're already seeing some of that in Ultimate Team, in our Sims games, in our Battlefield network that moves you amongst experiences. And we believe that in the not-too-distant future that's going to be a meaningful vector of growth for our business.
Andrew P. Wilson: So we feel really good about it. Again, we came out early and said that we'll be supporting the Nintendo Switch with our biggest title in FIFA. We have a tremendous relationship with Nintendo and have done for many, many years and are excited by the fact that they have come out very strong and are bringing in a whole new player base into the ecosystem. We continue to be bullish on it and are looking at other titles that we might bring to the Switch. Our console number that we quoted does not include the Switch at this point, so anything that Nintendo does is additive to that number.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yeah. Sure, Justin. Before I do that I wanted to make just a quick announcement about our IR team. Carolyn, who almost all of you, I think, have met or know, has been with us for three years and is moving to our corporate FP&A team, which is a great move for her, and we thank Carolyn for an amazing three years of support to all of the investors and sell-side analysts. We have a new person joining the team, Erin. You'll get a chance to meet her in the coming months and we look forward to having her on our team. But thanks to Carolyn. So to your question, Justin, first, if you look back to the difference between the year before the first Star Wars, fiscal 2015 and then fiscal 2016, you saw a fairly muted growth in gross margin, up about 50 basis points roughly. We expect a similar effect this year because of the impact of the royalty on a very large title as we saw last time. And the comparison was, remember this year a pretty tough comp because our gross margin was actually higher than we had originally anticipated because we sold more Battlefield than we anticipated and less Titanfall than we anticipated. Titanfall obviously has a royalty to Respawn and we expected that, but we got a little bit more bump in gross margin We will see gross improvement as we continue to grow the live service part of our business, Ultimate Team and other similar live services on top of existing games. But for now we're only expecting a little less than 100 basis points or around 50 basis points because of that, primarily of that impact on Star Wars Battlefront II.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Sure. I'll let Andrew address the broader esports strategy. I think the thing to remember is it's built around Ultimate Team for our core sports games and we'll most likely build it around in a similar style live service for non-sports games in the future. But I'll let Andrew talk little bit about that. I'll come back on the Ultimate Team question.
Blake J. Jorgensen: And in terms of guidance relative to Ultimate Team, the thing to remember that was – two major drivers in FIFA this year were, first, the addition of a story mode in the game. The Journey brought new people into the game and brought those people from the game into Ultimate Team. So it grew the overall base of people playing in Ultimate Team. The second is the addition of the competitive gaming mode inside of FIFA which, as Andrew mentioned, drove massive engagement around tournaments and around practicing for tournaments. Both of those styles of change we're going to try to adapt into Madden in one way or another, and you'll see more of that coming in the coming months. But you can assume we've learned a lot of great lessons from FIFA. We'll try to drive Madden Ultimate Team and Madden Competitive Gaming off of similar modes. But FIFA doesn't sit still. It continues to find new ways to engage people in new modes and new excitement, and as Andrew said, we'll be evolving The Journey in FIFA, which will continue to bring new people into the game, we believe. That's the core. Now our guidance doesn't anticipate anywhere near the level of growth that we actually achieved this year. We tend to do that each year with FIFA because while it's very predictable based around events, we've continued to surprise ourselves on the upside. So you should trust that it's a rational number in terms of our guidance, but there is growth in there.
Blake J. Jorgensen: In terms of mobile, our net sales for the year were up 10% year-on-year. We're not happy with that. We think we can continue to grow that more, but I remind people that we didn't bring out NBA mobile and FIFA mobile until the back half of the year in October, essentially, and we've continued to learn and tune those games around the world. So we should continue to see more growth out of those. We've had some amazing performers like the Simpsons: Tapped Out or Real Racing or Sims FreePlay that are in year four or year five of their lives and the fact that they're still going is pretty impressive relative to many mobile games. But we will see a natural decline in some of those as we add less content and move to players to new, more exciting games or new versions of those games. And so, I don't know when you're going to see a more dramatic growth level. We've guided to around 5% to 10% of growth for the year, but we certainly are focused on trying to drive the new Sims title, as Andrew mentioned, as well as the sports titles because we feel that those are fabulous formula that we've been able to develop and leverage, both on the console and PC world as well as now in the mobile world.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. And I think on the unit forecast, we sold 14 million units of Battlefront I in the year it was shipped and built into our guidance as essentially the same number. Our aspirations are clearly to sell more. We think this will appeal to not just the broad Star Wars fan base, but also to the deep, heavily-engaged Battlefield fan base and Battlefront fan base. And we see that as a critical part of the success of this game going forward and as Andrew mentioned, we've got the depth and the breadth in the games that will help that.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. Thanks, Eric. The core product portfolio that's been there for four or five years like the Simpsons I mentioned, have actually shrunk. Games like Sims FreePlay have stayed fairly consistent but not grown dramatically. And then things like FIFA, NBA, and particularly Galaxy of Heroes have grown dramatically. And so, I think what you'll see as we layer in games like the new Sims game and the sports games continue to grow, you'll continue to see that hopefully offset any of the shrinkage in the older portfolio. Those numbers for the older portfolio are starting to get fairly small and stable, and so I don't think you'll see a lot of headwind from that. In terms of marketing. We're continuing a very ROI-driven marketing approach that's got a lot of discipline around it. We have a whole team led by our Chief Marketing Officer that focuses not just on our console and PC marketing, but very much on the mobile marketing. And they're driving decisions almost daily as to how to support the products. That's the beauty of the business is, when something's working well you can tune up the daily marketing. When it's not, you can tune it down. I would say, though, that we remain very focused on leveraging known IP that we own or license to try to offset some of the costs of marketing and has allowed us to run our mobile business at a level of profitability we believe higher than most, as well as, driven by the fact we're spending less on ROI-driven marketing.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yeah. So thanks, Drew. The first question on Battlefield 1. We're not going to disclose attach rates because they're becoming less and less meaningful, particularly in a world of live services. And you'll see some changes to our approach, particularly with Battlefield and Battlefront over time that makes those DLC less important because it's ongoing content that's being delivered. I will say, you'll also see a lot of content delivered to the broad community for Battlefield, not just for the DLC owners going forward, which I think will continue to make those numbers a little less meaningful. We're very pleased with the engagement levels on Battlefield, as well as the ongoing sales of Battlefield 1, and we think that will continue on. And I guess what I would say is, based on having seen some of the DLCs, I would never refer to them as a map. We've got a lot of exciting stuff coming and a lot of interesting things about World War I that have yet to be even seen. In terms of full-game downloads. The number surprised us because we had thought that it'd be around the 5% year-over-year growth. Some of that may simply be the consumer is shifting faster than we know or we expected. The trends can sometimes jump in dramatic ways and maybe we're starting to see that overall shift. And some of it could be product-related. We do think the industry will end calendar year 2017 probably above 40%. We will most likely lag that as we have historically because FIFA is such a large product and it is so global that we are operating in markets where either the ability to purchase digitally, or the ability to download based on bandwidth speeds, are compromised and thus we tend to skew a little lower on FIFA than we do on the rest of our portfolio. So we've always lagged the industry slightly, but we are excited about the potential that you're seeing the consumer possibly shift quicker to digital than we'd originally anticipated.
Blake J. Jorgensen: I would say it hasn't really changed our overall approach for this fiscal year. You may see some things you didn't actually anticipate as it evolves, but the general strategy is still based around quarterly or monthly DLCs that we put out. I do think you'll start to see that evolve next year as we get into more competitive gaming and it will clearly evolve, as Andrew mentioned, around Battlefront II property that we start to evolve the services associated with DLC to make them more live service, event-driven style gameplay versus purely an additional piece of content.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. I think primarily the biggest driver I would say is the mix, lower royalty-bearing titles this year versus last year – Battlefield catalog, for example, versus Battlefront catalog last year. There was also – the one thing to remember is our technology team, led by Ken Moss, has done an amazing job making our back office ability to deliver digital much more efficient. We don't talk about it a lot, but it's become a continued help in our gross margin as we expand. And we'll continue to drive that. That's lower cost storage, lower cost delivery, more efficient network and platform that we've built it on. It's all pretty powerful, and that continues to help us as well. And then obviously continued digital, as we said, is also a major driver in the business which has helped us in the quarter.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yeah. It's a good question. Thanks. We're well along the way. We've hired close to 100 people for that studio – some of the most fabulous talent I've met in many, many years. It's very exciting for us to assemble a brand new team. We're finalizing our new office space there, which will have both Motive people as well as the BioWare Montréal team in that same office. We still have some hiring to go, but I think for now it'll be at a more gradual pace over the next couple of years as we move probably from, say, 100 to 150 or so as we go forward, so. But it's been exciting to be able to build such a great new team. And in terms of the second piece on M&A, I think there are few large companies out there, and most of the companies are small. Many of the companies we've looked at we've passed on because the valuations have been so high, but we're continuing to keep our eyes and ears open, particularly for things that could add to either games that don't have live services and we can layer live services into them or games that could leverage our network and our scale that we don't have. And those will be big themes for us, but unfortunately, it's not a long list of companies that are out there of scale that we can go after.
Blake J. Jorgensen: I would probably attribute it to live services in general, so not just Battlefield, but the overall portfolio, both mobile and non-mobile where we're trying to layer more live services and are seeing success. We're seeing obviously – we have expectations for growth across the sports portfolio, both in HD and in mobile. We do have a new UFC game, I think as everyone knows, next spring and we have the Need for Speed game coming in. So all of those add to the growth in the year, despite the fact that we have a tough comp to try to beat between Battlefield, Titanfall and the strength of FIFA this past year. So we see it as kind of growth across the whole portfolio versus dominated by one product or one new product. And we do have the new Sims game that Andrew mentioned that's coming out during the year on mobile. We don't know exactly what time of year that will come out, so we don't have a giant expectation in the guidance, but that's clearly in there as well.
Blake J. Jorgensen: What Frostbite allows us to do, as you can see what it allowed on FIFA is to have a much deeper experience, much better graphics, doing things inside the game that you couldn't do on a sports engine. So if you were to look at FIFA and say, how did FIFA change year-over-year, you'll probably see similar aspects of that in Madden. And we're pretty excited about it. It looks fantastic so far.
