John Riccitiello: Thank you, Peter. Earlier today, EA announced results for both Q4 and fiscal 2010. We finished the fiscal year in the fourth quarter slightly ahead of the guidance we provided the Street on February 8. The quarter came in stronger than Street consensus. We are reaffirming our FY '11 financial guidance. Details on the quarter, our fiscal year financial performance and our guidance are in our press release and will be covered in more depth by Eric Brown. Key points I would highlight include these and note, these are non-GAAP numbers. FY '10 was EA's highest revenue year in history. We had a strong financial rebound and FY '10 versus FY '09 increasing EPS by $0.74. We made significant progress on each of our four strategic objectives: Cost management, fewer but bigger games, improving game quality and driving digital revenue streams. On cost. We successfully implemented a restructuring program, significantly reducing our cost base, packaged goods fewer but bigger gains. We were the number one publisher overall in Europe and North America combined. We're the number one publisher on PC, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 2. We achieved share growth in FY '10 versus FY '09 on 20% fewer titles. Quality. Our investment in quality was a key reason for our segment share success. EA leads the industry in quality with 20 titles in fiscal '10 that received the Metacritic rating of 80 and above. Digital. FY '10 revenue from our digital initiatives was up 33% over fiscal year '09. We saw a substantial growth in post-released downloadable content sales with big titles like Dragon Age, Mass Effect 2 and Battlefield: Bad Company 2.  We continue to lead on mobile, iPhone and now, iPad. In a tough market, our advertising sales were up and the acquisition of Playfish makes us a strong leader in social network gaming.  We enter FY '11 with strong momentum. The quality of our titles, both packaged goods and digital is something we feel passionate about at EA. We couldn't be more pleased with the people that make these games. This investment in quality is what allows us to extend our properties, connecting them to millions of consumers online.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Eric.
John Riccitiello: Thanks, John. Before we take your questions let me leave you with one last thought on a topic that means a great deal to us, the quality of our game.  We banked on success as a company on a simple idea, fewer bigger hits in our core business which will translate into success in digital. What underpins this opportunity of extending the consumer experience with new content and new revenue opportunity is 100% dependent on ensuring that the consumers' first experience with each game delivers an extraordinary quality.  Gamers are the most discerning consumers in the world of entertainment. They will not tolerate a shoddy product. Today, I believe that EA has turned a corner and that consumers now identify our games with high quality and innovation. I see it when I review games with our many talented teams and when I read the blogs where gamers communicate. We are rebuilding EA's reputation with consumers. Now we want to show investors how that translates into new revenue streams and increasing profitability. With that, John, Eric and I would be happy to take your questions.
John Riccitiello: So I'll take the first part. Since John have the second, I'll have him follow up on that. In terms of Digital, I'm going to answer by sort of not answering. We are seeing significant uptick. It's particularly sharp with titles that have a history of being strong PC titles. We're still getting our arms around exactly the shape of that business. How much of it is coming off of our own site? How much of it is coming off from Steam? And I'm sure we'll let you in for more information on that at a later date, but consider it a small business growing rapidly for the moment.
John Riccitiello: So a couple of thoughts on that. First off, the challenge, I think, we and many other publishers had in what was our fiscal '10 was an opening expectation for big to high, if not double-digit sector growth of the packaged good side. And we actually saw double-digit decline, so a big shift in expectations going into the year versus exiting the year. And I think you know that our strategy responded to a variety of different pressures, but we've been talking for a couple of years about shifting our profile. We made large number of titles, exploited a few of them in one way, packaged goods, with a much shorter number of titles that are much bigger, higher quality, exploited on multiple business models. And that's exactly what we're doing. So if you just go back to fiscal '09, when we had mid-70s in the number of titles. Fiscal '11, we've got mid-30s number of titles. We've cut our titles slate by a little bit more than half. Now in doing that, we're also getting more revenue per IP, and we're getting more revenue per IP by exploiting the best IP across multiple revenue models. Using FIFA as an example, it was once upon a time just a packaged-goods game. Now there is a fee for the packaged-goods game. There is FIFA Ultimate Team, which is disc-based DLC. We just announced our social network game. It's about to go out into a launch from its development stage. We are strong on Mobile. We have our FIFA franchise. We've done well on the iPhone. We've got FIFA Online in Korea. We've actually launched two titles this year: World Cup in addition to the core packaged-goods game people love and coming later in the year. Another great example is Need for Speed. Need for Speed is now two packaged-goods games. It was just an action game in the fall. We now have an Action business and a Simulation business. We brought our Simulation business out last year. We're turning to Action this year. In addition to that, we've announced Need for Speed online. I think you know it's a leading title on the iPhone. It's a leading title on the iPad. It's done well on a number of business models, including post-release downloadable contents. So what we've been doing is bringing up slight down in terms of the number and broaden it. Broadening it is a mild joke. We've been saying that kind of short and fat is the new tall and thin, meaning, a shorter list, but more broad-based spread across properties. So to answer your question, I think what we saw was a depression largely across the board relative to our early expectations as a consequence of less packaged-goods sales, overall. We're pleased with a number of our titles kind of reaching hit status, including titles like FIFA, Madden, Battlefield: Bad Company and a few others, The Sims. And as we go forward, we think we can better navigate the current environment, the rapid increase in Digital revenue stream with a lesser slate, exploited more ways.
John Riccitiello: In terms of SPORTS, at the sector level, I would tell you that one way to think about it is it being sort of three sub-segments. One is sort of core SPORTS, league fashion SPORTS, if you will. Titles like FIFA, Madden, NBA Live fit into that category. Arcade titles like Wii Sports and analogous titles, others have put them out, including EA, Take-Two and others. And then lastly, the Fitness category, the core business is looking pretty healthy right now. We expect growth this year. We expect EA to do well this year. We've got a strong slate. And so that feels solid for us overall, an incremental title in like a World Cup year. What it under underpins, EA's core feels very solid. The Arcade business is really driven increasingly by First Party. And so the First Party business is still offering, packed down as it is with Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort. It'll be interesting to see what the specific titles are that might or might not exist in around the other platform holders this year. Something that fit into that kind of Arcade category would include titles from EA this year like NBA Jam, which we previously announced. That's likely pretty volatile and driven more by the individual leases from First Parties and anything else. And lastly, Fitness, the Fitness business, we're a leader there with the EA SPORTS Active. We have a strong release slate this year. We can certainly expect more innovation from Nintendo. We expect a lot of competition. My general expectation this year is that we'll see unit growth, but we'll not see dollar growth as consumers buy fewer hardware peripherals associated with perhaps the Wii Fit platform because we're buying software expansions having the physical apparatus in place already. But overall, it feels like a solid business on the SPORTS side. Core is what we focused most on and that's looks real healthy.
John Riccitiello: Yes, a couple of our titles had some surges right at the end of Q3, puts us encompass a little bit in Q4 in catalog. FIFA was among those. So nothing really uneven there other than it was a little bit different in shape of what we might have expected otherwise.
John Riccitiello: First on Medal of Honor, I would give you this color. We generally do not break out by title forecast. In fact, I don't think we ever had. I would tell you that, and this is probably maybe one of the largest statements we'll make on the call, we're not going to be happy until we've taken the leadership back in the first-person shooter category. And the tip of the spear is a combination of Battlefield: Bad Company and Medal of Honor. So we fully expect this to be a successful title this year. We're using a lot of the same technology between the two, the multi-player game. That is part of Medal of Honor this year. It's in fact built by our DICE Studio, which builds the Battlefield: Bad Company and Battlefield franchises for us, and we think it's a particularly strong title. So we've made great strides with Battlefield: Bad Company, and we expect to make further strides with Medal of Honor, and we have strong plans for years to come. This is an important strategic priority inside of our company, taking market share precisely here. In terms of FIFA, generally speaking, a World Cup title will do less than half, quarter-over-quarter, of what we would get out of a full FIFA franchise. And the challenge in every given time that we have a World Cup year is to get the title out there and then roll it back in. So there's nothing on the shelf for when the FIFA '11 ships into the marketplace.
John Riccitiello: This is John. Just for clarity's sake, we don't have a way to distinguish a used consumer versus a new consumer when they're hitting our servers. We can't distinguish between someone who's got the code and doesn't have the code. And then we sell the code. I think what you're getting at is the answer to a question that we'll probably be in a better position to answer towards the end of this fiscal year in terms of exactly how much business we build among users that don't have codes or that they purchased the codes. What we can tell you is, and virtually, every way imaginable, the scenario where the consumer puts in the disc and reaches for their business models is on an uptick. And we've established this strategy among others to build our Direct-to-Consumer business often starting with the disc. We think it's a great idea. We think it's going to build our business, and we think it's a positive consumer experience. Invariably, the consumer is getting a boatload, more content and experience than the otherwise would. We used to literally pull our teams off of a game within probably four to six weeks pre-shift, and then they go work on something else because the game was done. It was going into manufacturing. Their job was done. John Schappert referred to that on his script earlier as once you shipped it [ph], forget it. Our teams are being held in place up through and beyond shift. They continue to create content to entertainment the consumer with new content associated with the IP they like best. This is why when we go from 72 titles or 75 titles a few short years ago, we believe we can successfully go to 36 titles, having our title counts and retaining our revenue by generating more revenue per IP, by extending our business models into subscriptions, into micro-transactions and to downloadable content. And then in the new platforms like social networks, we're putting our IP through the Pogo. We're building directed services like Tiger Online, FIFA Online and Battlefield Online.
John Riccitiello: The honest truth is we've been preparing for this for the better part of 18 months. Our first step was with what we did with NBA Live about a year and a half ago when we had the Live season data. And the first time we put something behind a coupon code is we had first in the industry. We had to build our infrastructure. We had to get what we called our nucleus registration database into a bullet-proof position so we knew we could manage intelligence and entitlements without leaving the consumer sort of left holding the bag where we make mistakes. We've now got more than 60 million people that have registered on that database, and we're managing entitlements from it. But it took us a while to build. It may seem simple, but the underlying database structure and architecture to support it was not simple. But we're now in a position to be able to do it across the full range of titles from Electronic Arts.
John Riccitiello: This is John, regarding retail. First off, I'd just want to clarify, I don't view what we're doing is in opposition any way, shape or form relative retailers seeking to be in the second-sale business. I think it's notable that GameStop joined us with our press release to announce EA SPORTS Online Pass. I think it's an opportunity for us to build the business direct to consumers. I think retailers will ultimately find the best way to participate, and I think we'll be able to grow our business very successfully behind this strategy. Now in terms of the other retailers getting into second sale, they're mostly using third parties to do so. There has been a number of announcements. I would probably suffice it to say that it's a challenging business to operate because you're taking in inventory, repackaging the inventory, reselling the inventory, but I'm certainly happy not to begin. But for us at least, we look at our Online Pass and analogous businesses and strategies we've put in place over the last couple of years as being very pro-consumer, with delivering more content to consumers just the way they like it, and we're very pleased that the key retailers are supportive of our strategy just that.
John Schappert: And for the Online Pass business, that business is about giving first-time users of one-time-use code, which enables online access plus gives them bonus content per game. And additionally, when they take that game home, they go online, they register, they download the free content. They also will see that there's additional downloadable content available for purchase. So our goal is to turn these customers from thinking that kind of it ends with a disc to really starts with a disc, that there's a lot of additional content for them to be able to purchase and to use in addition to the content that we give away. You mentioned -- we've done this before in a few of our past games, and the uptick of the, if you will, the registration, has been very, very high, exceeding 70% from the codes that we included with the likes of Battlefield: Bad Company and Dragon Age and our recent Q4 releases. So we feel pretty good that we'll have good uptick there, and we think it's also a good opportunity to turn these packaged-goods consumers into Digital consumers.
John Schappert: Ben, this is John Schappert. I'll take the Facebook question. So I think what you're referencing is the talk of credits and Facebook credits and different payment mechanisms with Facebook that are making the rounds. What we see is we see that as a net positive for the business because it reduces the friction for our users to go and pay for the services and products on Facebook. So we're supportive of that initiative. What we do see also happening in that space, because you asked how we see that business evolving, is we think that, that space is going to evolve similar to how we saw the Mobile segment evolved, where when you look at it right now, it's dominated by the brands and the IP that gamers know and trust. And so we're very excited about the launch of FIFA Superstars which is now in beta, which is the first IP we are bringing to that platform. So we're bullish on our IP on Facebook.
John Schappert: Heath, this is John Schappert. We don't participate in the used market, and we have not launched Online Pass yet. We launched it on Tiger. What I can give you some color on, though, is looking at Mass Effect with our servers network, in Dragon Age and Battlefield with our VIP code, which had basically bonus content with purchase for the first-time purchaser and the ability for second purchasers to purchase that bonus content, we saw a very, very high redemption rate, north of 70% of first-time purchasers using the code and redeeming the content. And we saw a low percentage, single-digit percent of purchasers, non-first-time registers purchasing the code. What we also saw there more so was by giving people this access code, we got them into the online world. And so we've seen very, very strong uptick in downloadable content across all of those titles because we have: a, content available on day one for purchase; and b, we've seeded it with a bonus token of free content. So that is really our drive with our Online Pass.
John Schappert: Colin, this is John Schappert. I'll take your first two, the first one with respect to motion-sensing controls in our products. We've only announced Tiger Woods for the Sony move to date, and we have more announcements you can expect from us at E3, inclusive of demos of some of this technology. So you'll have to wait until then to see and hear more. That said, we're bullish on these new controllers and this new technology because we think it brings new consumers into the market. It's going to be a big push, obviously, for the hardware companies. This fall, it's going to bring a lot of attention to our industry, a lot of new users to our industry and breathe some new life into these consoles, which is kind of exciting. So we're bullish on their upside for our space. With respect to Facebook, we're happy to say that our Playfish team has booked the MAU and DAU decline in the fourth quarter that Facebook saw. So basically, while most of the top 25 games dropped, in fact, they dropped by 4% in DAUs, Playfish increased by 23%. And their MAUs ended at 59 million at the end of April, which is up 17% since January. Now that was because of some nice, good reengineering efforts on Pet Society and Restaurant City to keep those titles fresh and new, as well as the launch of Hotel City, which is certainly made up for any declines in growing their share as well. So we're pretty bullish there. And again, we're excited about the upcoming launch of FIFA Superstars with them, too.
Eric Brown: So Edward, this is Eric. I'd also add that if you look at our overall Digital business, it grew 33% year-over-year for the 12 months. The PC component of that, consisting of full games and extra content, grew at a rate above that average. So it's performing disproportionately better than the average of the overall portfolio. And it's important to note that EA is the number one publisher, overall, in terms of traditional PC market shares. So we have a very good slate of products for that particular platform.
Eric Brown: Yes, this is Eric. I think that it's fair to say that there were a series of puts and takes that we incorporate into the current guidance versus 90 days ago. Currency is certainly something that we considered. We're seeing the market is fairly volatile right now, and we're seeing a weakening of the European currencies. And so that's going to have an adverse impact. We did have a pickup of some Distribution business as you noted. That's a net positive albeit a lower-margin business in terms of bottom line EPS impact. And so there are other puts and takes as well. And net, we ended up in the same guidance range with a mindful eye towards kind of currency impacts for the balance of the year.
Eric Brown: With regards to the Star Wars, yes, there's little to add versus what we previously said on the title. It's clearly a more expensive project than any traditional packaged-goods product. We've noted that before. It's been in development for some time. We are expensing all R&D as we go along, and that's an important caveat. And the only other granularity we'd provide is that it is not included in our FY '11 release slate.
Eric Brown: No, it's significantly less than that. The one thing I would note is that vis-à-vis the Euro, we are substantially hedged, not completely, but substantially hedged internally with good full year revenue offsets versus OpEx, and so less of a concern on the volatility of the Euro.
Eric Brown: Yes, the 5 million units, which we noted on the press release, was as of yesterday or so. The total units sold into the channel.
Eric Brown: Yes, at a high level, I would say that in Q1, this is on a non-GAAP basis, we're expecting gross profit margins in the low 60s; Q2, mid-50s; Q3, low 60s; and Q4, mid-60s.
