Andrew P. Wilson: Thanks, Blake. The future of games is changing. Over 2.5 billion people are estimated to play video games today, and we expect that number will continue to grow. At that scale, the way we connect to, access and play games will continue to evolve. EA is at the leading edge of that transformation. Our creative teams are applying advanced technologies and better intelligence to craft new experiences like our Longshot Mode in Madden NFL 18 and the massive dynamic environments in Star Wars Battlefront II. But this is just the beginning as we combine the power of our Frostbite engine with our digital platform. With increased processing power on devices and in the cloud, the new frontiers for innovation become deeper forms of personalization, immersive and self-generating worlds, artificial intelligence, and deep learning. As we continue to pioneer for our players, our portfolio will expand in FY 2019 and beyond. We deliver stories that you're able to play like the Star Wars action-adventure game being developed by the Visceral Games team. Anthem, our new IP from BioWare, will introduce a contiguous open world that is ever-changing and influenced by players as they band together and support each other in their journeys. Next year will also be a World Cup year in soccer, an added opportunity for us to innovate and engage our massive FIFA audience around the world. We'll continue delivering for our Battlefield fans, including the next great game in the franchise. Across our top franchises and new IP, our ongoing focus will be on advancing the state-of-the-art in games for players on every platform. Delivering new and compelling ways to discover, engage and enjoy games will enable us to reach more players and grow our network. Our live services will continue to expand, hosting thousands of daily, weekly and seasonal in-game events that brings players in deeper. Our competitive gaming programs from online tournaments to global championship spectacles will engage more players and spectators in our franchises as the massive e-sports audience continues to grow, and through our subscriptions and Origin platform, players will be able to seamlessly connect to new experiences from EA's portfolio and beyond. We are entering a new era for innovation in the games industry. We believe interactive entertainment will change more in the next five years than it has in the last 45 years. And we're excited to lead that evolution at Electronic Arts. Now, Blake and I are here for your questions.
Andrew P. Wilson: Two really good questions. On e-sports, as we think about e-sports and we think about the monetization of e-sports, we think about it along some core vectors. The first vector to e-sports is you need a global community of players who are engaged in the game. If we look at FIFA and we look at Battlefield and we look at Madden, we have many tens of millions of players in each of those franchises who are continually and consistently engaged. Next, you need a competitive game structure. And what you've seen using from us over the last 12 months is a real focus on ensuring that we have a strong competitive game structure all the way from the very, very amateur leagues through to a league championship The next thing you need is a way to monetize the increased engagement that you get out of that structure that you put into place. And what you heard from me earlier was that we saw a significant uplift in FIFA Ultimate Team revenue over the past year. And we believe a strong contributor to that is the competitive gaming modes that we built into FIFA, which again was a precursor to many of the new competitive gaming modes we built into Madden this year. And so we are hopeful to see ongoing growth and monetization in and around Madden Ultimate Team as well. And then of course, once you've got these global communities engaged at a higher rate in a digital ecosystem and a competitive game structure, then that's a very compelling community when it comes to broadcast deals and sponsorship deals. And we are seeing that also accelerate at a faster rate than we had expected and are very pleasantly surprised by that. In all honesty, our focus isn't about generating huge numbers out of broadcast deals yet, it's really about increasing viewership and building a truly entertaining experience for our global audience. But we see opportunities for strong returns on those two vectors as well, broadcast and sponsorship over the coming years.
Andrew P. Wilson: On Frostbite, again, we have a very large team across a number of different locations who are constantly and continually investing and innovating in that engine in terms of visual fidelity, in terms of physics, in terms of animation, in terms of AI. Every aspect that a game team needs to develop the most innovative and creative experiences. And when you look at what we've been able to do with Real Player technology in FIFA this year, when you look at what we've been able to do with Madden visual fidelity and Madden cinematics and Longshot or story mode, when you look at the expanding dynamic worlds that we're showing in Star Wars Battlefront 2, that is really demonstrative of the level of innovation and advancement we continue to make in that engine. And at some level, because we have a dozen teams building on top of the platform and a core team feeding all of that development back into the mainline of code, that engine is actually making leaps and bounds faster than many engines would, which is one or two games working on them. And so we are very, very happy with our core strategy of moving to a single engine. We're starting to see real leverage in the engine, not just in terms of our ability to build wonderfully large and creative and entertaining new games efficiently, but because we're able to do things that are far more innovative than things we're seeing anywhere else in the industry.
Andrew P. Wilson: So a great question. Again, when we launched FIFA, we were using the blueprint that we had used and developed over a three-year period for Madden NFL and Mobile that had really started to gain traction and continues to be a very engaging property for us. And when we did launch that, we said that even though we're using the blueprint for Madden, we expect that given the nature of the global community and the different geographic and cultural differences around both engagement and monetization in the soccer audience versus the North American-focused Madden audience that we believe there would be some tuning time required. What the team has been doing on a day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to-month basis since launch is really better understanding through the great deal of data that we are able to get every day from play. What cultural needs are, what engagement needs are, and ultimately, what the overall monetization needs are of each player base in each community. What we're seeing now again is the ongoing commitment to live services, events that are relevant to each of those communities around the globe, started to generate the kind of engagement and monetization growth that we would expect and continue to expect. I think that we are ahead of where we were with Madden. I don't have the exact data. We're ahead of where we were with Madden. And again, when you think about Madden as in a $50 million to $100 million range being primarily North American-focused, we continue to believe that FIFA on mobile can be substantially greater than that on a global basis.
Andrew P. Wilson: Two great questions. As we think about subscription and less about the timing of adding of those particular titles to our EA Access subscription. But as we think about meaty consumption over the last five years, the greatest disruptor has been the combination of streaming and subscription. It's changed the way we watch television. It's changed the way we listen to music. It's changed how we think about ownership versus access. And we believe that ultimately, the combination of streaming plus subscription will also be a great disruptor to our business. And you've seen us investing there for a number of years. It's some years ago that we started our first streaming test. We continue those tests. We continue to work with other key large-scale partners on how we think streaming might work for our business in the future. You saw us launch EA Access and Origin Access. You should expect us to continue to push in growing the opportunities in and around subscription and delivering more value for our players on both of those vectors. As it relates to Frostbite, again, we had this wonderfully powerful engine that can do things that no other engine can do. And as you might imagine, in our strategic planning meetings, often we are sitting down and saying, okay, we have a great many strength as a company, whether that's nearly half people in our network, whether that's our social reach, whether that's the depth and breadth of our portfolio, whether that's our engine, or our core digital platform with IT, infrastructure, security, data, scalability. And we're always looking at how we might apply those to adjacent businesses or other areas that might deliver value both to our payers and to our shareholders. And Frostbite absolutely is front and center in those conversations.
Andrew P. Wilson: On World Cup, again, as you can imagine, there's always a great deal of excitement around the World Cup. It's the world's largest sporting event and typically represents a great opportunity for us and our FIFA player community. We've got a long history of bringing that event to life for our fan base, dating all the way back to World Cup 1998, so no new announcement on that yet. But as the event gets closer in 2018, we'll be able to detail a lot more of how we're thinking about bringing the event to life for the global FIFA community.
Andrew P. Wilson: Yeah, thanks, Mike. If anyone got to see the title in around EA PLAY, or at E3 in Sony's booth, the title is coming together really, really strong. The sentiment is really strong. The single-player campaign is resonating really, really well with the community as well as the depth and breadth expansion in multi-player. The video of user up significantly, as I talked about in the prepared notes. We have not changed our unit expectation on that at this point, but we're very, very happy with the progress in the game and very energized by the positive feedback we're receiving from the community.
Andrew P. Wilson: So I'll start with VR and AR. Not a lot of new news on VR for us and as you see there's not a lot of new news for VR in the industry. People seem to have come to terms of the fact that VR while an unbelievably wonderful innovation for how you consume interactive entertainment and all forms of entertainment for that matter is going to take a couple of years at least to going to get to a point where it is truly a mass market consumer opportunity. We still are in the same position we were in which we have enabled core VR capability in our Frostbite engine. We have delivered a console experience in the course of delivering a mobile experience and we'll continue to push on the boundaries of what's a sports game look like inside of VR? What's first person shooter look like in VR? What's an action adventure game look like in VR? And that's really at a design level and something that will start to manifest in the marketplace in the years to come. AR I think is more interesting. I think the notion of a data overlay into your mobile console PC games are something that takes things that are important, interesting about you whether that's geo-data or whether that's game play data or friends data, that you are able to allow the game to utilize to enhance and extend your experience. I think, we're likely to see more of that sooner and certainly, our creative teams are really thinking about what kind of data would a player want to use from their real world to augment their virtual world and you should expect to see more of that from us also in the coming months and years. As it relates to Madden, again what you might also recall is while there was a lot of articles in the early part of the season around slower TV ratings around football, post-November the ratings were actually very strong and ultimately end up with one of the most exciting Super Bowls in recent history. And, again, Tom Brady who was the chief architect of that excitement is on the cover of our Madden game this year, so we're very happy to have him. In terms of engagement for us, what we actually saw was more engagement in our Madden game and more engagement in Madden Ultimate Team and so we feel very good about that. We believe we are introducing, engaging and on boarding a new and young audience to football fandom and are excited by what we're going to do this year with Madden on Frostbite with Longshot and then many developments and innovations that come with it.
Andrew P. Wilson: Again, there's a lot of things that we're investing in and again we've – what we talked about in our prepared notes is we do believe there's going to be more change in the next five years in our industry than there has been in the last 45 years. And we want to ensure that we're on the frontline of that transformation and disruption in our business. As we think about those things, we are very focused in our investment. We don't have hundreds and hundreds of people working on these types of projects. We are very calculated and targeted in how we invest and in terms of where we think the greatest return will come. For many of those things, we actually think the time horizon is about five years plus, but things like cloud and streaming, we believe, is probably in the two to five-year timeframe. When we think about subscription, we're already seeing return from that and the combination of that with streaming on that two to five-year time horizon could be very meaningful in terms of revenue addition for us. And so as we think about the future, we're always going to have small squads thinking about new technology and we think about it on what are we building for this fiscal year? What are we building for the next 24 months. What are we building for the next 24 months to 5 years and how are we thinking about 5 years plus. And you should expect the five years plus a very, very small targeted teams, to two to five years a slightly bigger and much of our investment is around delivering in the next 24 months.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. So thanks, Tim. Good question. I remind everybody it took us 8 years to 9 years to get Ultimate Team where it is today. Our first year of Ultimate Team was $8 million for FIFA. I think there's a huge possibility for the extra content live service event-driven model in non-sports games, but we're also very conscious that it will take time to develop. We have a relatively small amount of that built into this year's forecast. I think if it's successful, we'll start to see the benefits at the tail-end of this year and really see the benefits next year. But it's hard for us to really predict at this time exactly how that might play out. Our biggest focus, though, to remember is we want to just engage all of our users, all of our players deeply in the game and provide them more ongoing activities, content, events for them to keep coming back and playing. And if that's successful, we think the economics will follow, but more to come as we release that game into the market in November.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Never too much product. I think we like our regular cadence. I think we've found a good cadence obviously with Battlefield and with Star Wars Battlefront. We're trying to make sure that we're leveraging our relationship with Disney on the Star Wars property, so aligning those where possible with their theatrical release schedules. So right now, our plan is not to change our cadence schedule. Clearly, we don't yet know how the cadence of new properties like Anthem or anything coming out of Motive will be – that's still to be determined. But I think we're pretty comfortable. We believe it rates a nice top line growth that's all organic from our teams, and we're very focused on making sure that it's very profitable along the way. So we want to continue to drive both the top line and the bottom line through new IP, existing IP, new live services, and margin expansion across all of those.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yeah, so we are planning for Madden to be up year over year, but I would say that it's not up dramatically; i.e., creating a risk in any way. You know, Justin, our approach to guidance. We try to be pretty rational and conservative. We think there's some upside to our guidance number there, but I wouldn't expect that it's up dramatically creating any risk. Based on what we've seen of the game and the excitement around the e-sports mode is very, very positive, and so we're looking forward to a great Madden year ahead. In terms of Battlefield 1, we've had such great engagement there that we're continuing to feed new content into that community to try to continue to drive the game. We're constantly reminded that people are still playing Battlefield 4, for example. And that's a game that was – it's almost four years old. And so to try to be able to continue to add things for people to stay engaged and to build off that economically is a big positive for us, and we see that as one of the efforts as to why we're pushing Battlefield 1. And then, as a reminder, Andrew mentioned that at Gamescom in a few weeks, we're going to introduce a new e-sports mode to Battlefield. People have used Battlefield as an e-sports product for many years outside of EA. It's a fun fast-paced game. But with 64-player, multiplayer, it's a bit hectic and chaotic for e-sports. And so you'll see some new modes coming out that will benefit a more rational e-sports approach, and pretty exciting for us for this year and really powering next year and the year after off of that title.
Blake J. Jorgensen: I think for us, the first and most important thing to remember is we're very global. And so while there are high bandwidth speeds in the United States and in key major countries like the UK or France or Germany, that's not consistent all through Europe or Eastern Europe or Asia. And so that's probably still the biggest impediment to full-game downloads. And the second piece is while we in the U.S., and I think it's the same in Northern Europe and some parts of Europe, the cashless credit – or cashless transaction methods are fairly well-developed. I would say they're not as well developed in other places in the world. So the use of credit cards, PayPal, any type of e-pay approach has still got a long ways to go. And I would say those two things are the biggest impediments to full-game downloads. We know that the consumer, once they do a full game download, realizes how easy it is and how effective it is for managing their games. And so we don't see consumer resistance. It's really the resistance around bandwidth speed and ability to pay with a cashless method.
Blake J. Jorgensen: I think I would say it's probably the opposite, which is many consumers are doing, for example, Ultimate Team, but were still buying the game physically, and they're realizing how effective and easy it is to pay through a credit card method, and thus they'll transition into a full-game download.
Blake J. Jorgensen: We'll continue to do things to help the consumer to see the opportunity there and find a way to buy our products digitally. And at the same time, we'll continue to make sure that we have a strong presence in all of our retail partners because we know it will be a mixed model for a long period of time.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Before Andrew answers the question on Frostbite, what I'd say is, we talk about our business in general around engagement, because that's where we're focused on. But let me be really direct. You don't get 22% year-on-year growth in live services without the e-sports power that we've seen in our Ultimate Team business. And I challenge any other console player to demonstrate where they've seen revenue growth of that level driving – coming from e-sports. It is very powerful for us and it will continue to be very powerful.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. And, Drew, a couple of examples that just occurred during that quarter is I mentioned they had 10 major new content updates. One, for example, is called VS Attack Mode, where players compete for leader board status and can unlock or upgrade items based on the division that they're in. It's proven to be very popular with the community and highly engaging. And think about this as – when we started FIFA Ultimate Team years ago, it was really one mode. And over time, it's developed into many different modes and many ways to play with different types of players. And the journey of Madden Mobiles follows that. FIFA Mobile will follow the similar journey over time. The quarter did really well, but it's a strong – it wasn't a strong quarter for American Football, but it's a strong quarter for international soccer. And so you tend to see strength in both FIFA and NBA in that quarter, but also you're seeing just the potential as we continue to add and work with the game. It's a game unlike most mobile games, it's more like our Madden – our FIFA or Madden Ultimate Team where we've tinkered, we've played with it, and we've added to it over many years and that's how we'll continue to grow both FIFA and NBA and Madden over time, and we're pretty excited about that.
Blake J. Jorgensen: And just one clarification. We've announced that we will release Titanfall and Battlefield 1 in September. And that's about the normal cadence. We're typically somewhere between seven months and nine months after initial putting the title out. And so those really aren't any earlier than what we would normally see. But what we do see is the more titles we have, the greater interest there is in the subscription, I think that makes commonsense. But more exciting titles like a Titanfall or Battlefield 1, it also drives a huge amount of interest in the subscription service, and we tend to see nice pops around those announcements.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Why don't I get that one first, and I'll let Andrew get the FIFA one. It's a very nice way of trying to have me give you third quarter and fourth quarter guidance early. But I can't say that other than to say that if you've been using historical patterns for marketing spend, you should start to think about those differently over time. Because, as we said, as we live in a live service world and as we have a bigger and bigger mobile business, we're driving and managing our business daily, not by title specifically or title launch specifically. And so what you're going to see is our marketing spend smooth out more across the year, but still be dominated by Q2 and Q3 because that's when our biggest properties come out. But we started spending on FIFA months ago or on Madden months ago. We're starting spending on Star Wars, for example, that doesn't come out until November versus the old model where the bulk of your spending came three weeks before you or four weeks before you shift the product, more like a movie. And we're moving to a much more ROI driven marketing structure where when we see something that works, we continue to fuel it and we're driving more and more of our marketing in non-traditional ways away from traditional media and into the more influencers of the world to try to drive the message home. And because of that, you're going to see different patterns in marketing spend, but I reiterate to everybody, our total marketing budget for the full year has not changed and the targets that we've talked about relative to marketing have not changed. It's simply the spend patterns are slightly higher in this quarter than they have been historically, and that's probably why most people's models were off.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So we will have a slightly higher run rate for R&D. We're building out a new studio in Montreal, as we've told everyone. And we've hired over 100 people into that studio that are brand new to EA. This is to build the new IP around Jade Raymond's team that she has been building. I was in that studio last month and it's a wonderful new addition to our team. And we brought our BioWare Montreal team into that same facility, so they now all sit in one new studio together. We're obviously investing in Anthem, which everyone got a chance to see at E3. That's out of the BioWare Edmonton team, and they're very excited. We'll see some increases around that in terms of spending. And then we're continuing to invest across all of our network and platform activities. I don't see any of those going beyond the targets that we've talked about, trying to keep R&D expense in the 21% to 22% of revenue range. But the goal is to drive new revenue. And if for some reason we weren't able to drive new revenue, clearly that would be overspending, but we're very confident that we can drive new revenue around the action genre and continuing live service build-out across all of our products.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, that was and still is the number, but I'll let Andrew talk a little bit about the demand generation and how the products are shaping up.
Blake J. Jorgensen: And Disney has been a great partner for us. They had our lead protagonist on the stage with characters from the Star Wars movie at their D23 celebration last month, and we're very excited about continuing to leverage the upcoming movie as well as the buzz that is generated around Star Wars, and so more to come. I think we're trying to be careful that we don't get ahead of ourselves on unit forecasts. And as I said earlier, it's still really early in the year.
Blake J. Jorgensen: You have Assassins as well, not to just throw more fuel on your fire. I guess we've got boots in space versus boots on the ground. So what we found historically, we've had many times where we've gone into quarters that looked daunting because of the competition. Think back to GTA when it came out, and what was actually found is it grows the overall market. It drives console sales. Oftentimes, many of those titles get bundled to help drive or reduce the price of a console for the consumer, and it drives excitement in the marketplace, and we like that. It benefits the consumer and it benefits us because it generates a lot of buzz around games. We've always competed against most of those titles you mentioned or all those titles you've mentioned. And so I don't think it bothers us, but it excites us, I'd say instead. And you might remember, no Red Dead that was originally in the plans for our third quarter, fourth quarter of the calendar year, so that does open up a little bit of opportunity, I think, for everybody.
Blake J. Jorgensen: And on the marketing question. We do try to offset our marketing expenses where we have royalties, so in our sports titles where we're paying a royalty, we try to leverage our partners like FIFA or the NBA or the NFL to help us market as much as possible and in some cases we do a good job of that offset, in some cases it's not fully offset. I'd say the thing to remember is in Q2, we've got FIFA, Madden, NBA, NHL and The Sims 4 all coming out on console, plus we've got – we continue to fuel all of our mobile titles during that same timeframe and PC free-to-play titles. And so just simple along, we didn't have NBA last year, we didn't have The Sims last year, so both of those are going to be additive to the marketing expense in the quarter. But also, as I mentioned earlier, we're doing a lot of long lead-time marketing for the third quarter titles like Need for Speed or Battlefront. And despite the partnerships that we have, those still take money to market or to make sure that we're spreading the word around the quality and the excitement of the games. And so, the combination of where the titles fall and how the marketing has changed over time is how you're seeing some of the differences there in OpEx.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yeah, I mean, without getting into too much numbers, what I can tell you is, the number of people that buy the game and then join Ultimate Team continues to go up. FIFA is the leader across all of our Ultimate Teams in that respect and we believe the story mode last year helped drive much of that growth, so more people coming into Ultimate Team from the core game and more people starting to spend money realizing that it is very fun and if they spend some money it will be even be more fun. And also the amount of dollars they spend are continuing to go up over time. As we add new ways to play and new content to play with, that gives them more things to spend money on over time. So it's a win-win across-the-board. It's more engagement, more enjoyment and more things to actually spend on which is driving the success of all of the Ultimate Teams.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yeah, it's mainly tied to the fact that we have four sports titles that all have royalties to them in the quarter and as those titles continue to be successful, that's obviously impacts the gross margin particularly in the second quarter. We'll get some offset with The Sims, but not enough to offset all of it. We also tend to have fairly conservative forecasts on digital, because it's hard for us to guess exactly how fast the consumer will move to digital. So clearly, if more digital live services occur or more full-game downloads occur, there could be some upside to that gross margin number.
Blake J. Jorgensen: I think just two things to note is we started investing on the foundation to be able to have a streaming business or a subscription business three or four years ago, and much of our investment around cloud has gone on over the last couple of years and we feel like we're in a very good position there. So don't assume it's all going to start some time now. Much of it's already baked in. The second thing is part of the change that we've tried to drive at EA is we ask the simple question, if we're going to invest in this what are we going to stop investing in. We can't do everything. And the organization is very focused around that and very much positive when we ask that question in a way of trying to constantly reprioritize what's the most important thing to do today and we think that will also help us manage that investment, so we don't show up in the future with a big surprise.
Mike Hickey: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on the quarter. Just a quick one I guess on Battlefront II. Obviously, you guys have done a lot of work with the first version. I think, Andrew, you said that maybe YouTube videos was up over the original. But do you have any specific data at this point that would suggest that this game could outsell Battlefront 1? And then just to confirm, I think you've said before you're looking for 14 million units within your guidance. I don't know if that's correct or not, but any thoughts there would be helpful.
Mike Hickey: No. I wasn't getting there yet. I may have gotten there, but I just wanted to clarify that was the number, Blake.
Mike Hickey: Fair enough, thank you. Just one quick one, another one for me. I was hopeful you could sort of walk us through maybe the competitive setup this holiday. Obviously, not a holiday release but Destiny is coming out fairly soon in September, and then you have Call of Duty. That's a boots on the ground similar to play experience you had with Battlefield 1. And you also have Battlegrounds on Xbox, which obviously is catching a lot of buzz and also is boots on the ground, so I'm curious how you think all these four titles will play out and maybe the opportunity or threat that could create for you.
