Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Chris. In Q2, EA delivered strong engagement and deeply immersive experiences across our portfolio with new EA Sports titles and multi-platform live services powering the business. We have a deep slate of new titles set for the second half of the year. Entertainment is a fundamental human need. And in this dynamic environment, we are focusing on our strengths, providing amazing games and live services that inspire the world to play. With our incredible talent, our growing play network and more people than ever engaging and connecting through games, we are excited to lead and create the future of entertainment. Now Chris, Laura and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. Great questions. First one on user behavior. I think the one thing to reinforce is we are seeing extraordinary engagement across our business, particularly in our key titles like FIFA and like Apex and like The Sims. And remember, this extraordinary engagement of what was already extraordinary engagement coming through COVID and many had believed that we were going to see meaningful changes, a meaningful drop-off to our engagement post-COVID as the world kind of went mostly back to normal. And we haven't seen that yet. We've continued to see really strong engagement across our products. And certainly, with the launch of FIFA and Madden, both of which are up and the ongoing strength in Apex and The Sims, we feel really good about the future. What we do want to say, though, is that we're going to be very deliberate as we move through the back half of the year. We've got an extraordinary slate through the back half. We feel very good about that slate. But it's hard to ignore all of the narrative around us and some of the commentary around what might be challenging economic times particularly in Europe that seems to be dealing with that more dramatically so far than the U.S. As it stands right now, we haven't seen meaningful shifts in behavior. We expect that we will grow but we also want to be very thoughtful, focused and deliberate as we move through this environment because if it gets really bad, I don't think anybody is immune, but I think what we've demonstrated is that we're unbelievably resilient and why we're focused on building incredible games and driving deep engagement with our community, which so far is working really, really well for us. On the second point around the title, you shouldn't read anything into that other than the nature of marketing in our industry has meaningfully changed over the past 5 or 6 years. You might remember when we launched Apex Legends, we didn't tell anybody about it until about 48 hours before the community get to play it. And as we continue to see the shift, the big shift, of course, in the recent decade was a move from television to digital. We've moved into more targeted digital and now we're moving in a more targeted timing around digital. And so for each franchise, our development teams and marketing teams come together and think through what is the most appropriate time to begin meaningfully communicating with our community around what titles are coming. And so we feel really good about our slate. We feel really good about that particular title as it turns out. Actually really, really good. But it just -- our teams right now are still working through the appropriate timing for launching and marketing, communicating around that title.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. Great question. So as we think about the 4 key vectors of opportunity for us, play, create, watch and connect. The first thing to -- as we look at existing network of plays over 600 million. As we look at new onboarding plays in the kind of Gen Z and Gen Alpha populations, what we discover is the first thing that they are expecting from us is that we expand play. So when I started building games this industry over 20 years ago, we were primarily playing single-player games or on-the-couch games. We then moved from single player to multiplayer, off-line to online, one-on-one to one versus many. We've seen these ongoing inflection points that have expanded the nature of play. I think as we are looking now and as you look at what we're doing in and around our games like FIFA, like Madden, like The Sims, like Apex and many others, is we are expanding the modalities of play beyond what might have been a traditional mechanic within in a game. And as we continue to drive these franchises forward, we start asking ourselves what happens in FC when you're not playing on the pitch? What happens in The Sims when you leave your home and go to someone else's home? What happens in Apex when you move beyond the existing map or the existing modality of play? And so every time we offer an expanded play option, what we do see is it attracts more people and it drives deeper engagement in the franchise. Also, as we look at these generations of course, you don't have to look very far to see that created such a big and important part of all entertainment, particularly games. And as you look at YouTube and TikTok and Snap and others over the past 5 or 10 years, we've seen this become an even more important part of entertainment and social connection amongst these audiences. And as we think now about -- even if we go back as far as creating things in The Sims and only in Battlefield moment and sharing highlights from FIFA, and now the ability for players to come in and move things around in the world as a first step, create new things and put them into the world as a second step and really create new aspects of these worlds as a third step what we see again is that more than half of our community engages in player-created content. And so it attracts and it onboards new players. I watch my 7-year-old son get introduced to new games because he's watching created content on YouTube for the games that we make. And quite frankly, some of the games that our competitors make. And so this notion of creativity and the ability to engage the community to create is a really important part of our future both in the expansion of our worlds to fuel the insatiable appetite for content that our global community of players has but also to deepen engagement. Again, and as part of that, watch is becoming a really important part. We get 2 billion or 3 billion hours of play in FIFA a year, and we get nearly as much of that watching FIFA game play. The same is true for Apex. We're seeing this grow more and more across our ecosystem. And then finally, we're seeing connections that are formed amongst 4 and 5 and 6 people. These atomic units as part of these global communities that are the most meaningful connections. These players are spending 90 minutes, 2 hours a day together, playing the games together and then sharing that content beyond the traditional boundaries of games. And so as we think about our opportunities across these 4 vectors, we really think about it, which of these things are going to allow us to attract more people, we think it's very reasonable to believe that we can entertain 1 billion people in play. And we think about these things in the context of driving deeper engagement in the overall ecosystem, being it's very reasonable to believe that we can get that 1 billion people to engage with us for at least an hour a day. And what we know about our business is that people spend money where they spend their time and provided we offer incredible innovation, incredible creativity, incredible quality and incredible value that, that will ultimately present extraordinary opportunities for financial growth for us in the future.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. Great question. The first thing to acknowledge is, and I've talked about 20%, 25% in the past. One, it's not a static number. It changes over time based on what's going on in our various incubation and development and production pipelines. As we think about investing, the primary investment for us is always going to be building incredible games. And for us, that really falls in 2 key categories: building out these global online gaming communities around our biggest IP: FC, Battlefield, Apex, The Sims, Madden, Skate is coming down the pipe. And so that's 1 category investment for us. And a lot of that 20%, 25% goes into new modalities of play and you create in and around those ecosystems that are very proven, very stable and represent extraordinary opportunities for growth. The second area is around building these worlds and creating these characters and tell these amazing stories both in our owned IP and in the IP of our partners as we co-create the future of entertainment. And we really think about interactive storytelling as the future form of storytelling that most consumers will choose as their first form of entertainment. And a chunk of that 20%, 25% goes into those things, things that we do with our partners at Disney across Star Wars and Marvel will fall into that category. The third category, which is a much smaller category, but probably represents one of the biggest long-term upside opportunities is how do we think about deriving value from the power of our network beyond the bounds of nutritional game experience. We've got 600 million, we're going to go to 1 billion. I hope that we get to 2 billion people in our network and they spend 1.5 hours a day in our games, and then they spend another 90 minutes a day doing things outside of our games, but that are deeply connected to the games that they play. And what is our opportunity there? And one such opportunity might be, how do we disrupt the consumption of sport. How do we really think about sport from an interactive viewpoint. If you star in one of our games, but you are a deep sports fan, what other things might be able to do with you with our partners that would fuel your sports fandom. And while that's a relatively small investment for us today, it does represent a pretty significant upside to the expansion of what we're able to do with our global network of players and fans around the world over the course of the next 3 to 5 years. As we think about investment more broadly, you shouldn't imagine that this is deep incremental investment. This is about really focusing our existing investment in the right areas. And part of what we have to do as a company always is be very deliberate, very disciplined and very focused on how we invest. And because we're in the entertainment business, we have to acknowledge that not everything we do will work or at least work exactly as we planned. And we have to be very ready to move and shift and reshape our organization and the investment that we put into it to drive that future. So you shouldn't expect some giant new incremental spend, but you should expect us to continue to move investment around our company and where we feel like there are really big upside opportunities in the area of global online communities, in the area of interactive storytelling, in the area of hiring the power of our network beyond the bounds of a traditional gaming experience and where we believe that we have very strong likelihood of success and growth, we will invest behind those things.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, I think that the first one around our business there is we live in a symbiotic relationship with a real world of football. And the real world of football continues to grow. This is the world's game. It's the greatest game on the planet. There might be some that would argue with me on that front. But certainly, as you travel around the world, there are more fans of this sport than pretty much any other sport on the planet, and it continues to grow and the engagement by virtue of technology advancements around access to content continues to fuel growth in the sport itself. As you then think about what our teams do in the context of innovation and creativity in modes, and this is our biggest FIFA yet and we're delivering across all of the key leagues and teams and competitions in the world, and we're doing it at incredibly high quality, and we're really working closely with our fan base to understand how they want to experience interactive football through our game around the content that they love the most. And so as we look through -- over the last nearly 30 years, this is what this team has continued to do year in, year out. It has continued to grow year-over-year, and it really is the double multiplier of the growth of the sport itself combined with a team dedicated to innovation and creativity around that sport working in lockstep with a growing global community. And our expectation is that as we think forward to FC, that we're going to be able to do even more of this both in the context of immersion and authenticity of the very core of the sport as well as the expansion of what the overall experience can embody for football fans around the world.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. I mean it's a longer and more complicated question than I probably have time for today, but I would tell you the way we think about it is really around player motivations. And when we design for a game, we're really thinking about what motivations are we trying to fulfill. And you've got 1 group that -- and I kind of go with a crude kind of cohort grouping you got 1 group who simply want to fuel the motivation of escape. They want to be able to disappear from the world they live in day-to-day and immerse themselves in a new world, and that be the sum total of their experience. And that's a really important thing for them. And we have to think about that across the breadth of our portfolio. There might be another group who says, "Hey, I want to be able to -- I want to play -- I want to immerse myself in this world, but I want to do it with a core group of friends. And I want to bring them in. We call this an atomic unit. We see this amongst players in groups of kind of 4 or 5. These are the strongest connections we see in our network. And really, the experience they have is around doing things in the context of this group environment with 4 or 5 people. There's another group who says, "Hey, I want to do this thing. I might do it by myself or I might do it with other people, but I really want to very quickly be able to share everything I'm doing with the outside want to capture cool moves I do. I want to be able to capture cool things I build and we were to share that almost immediately with the outside world through social media and other platforms. And it's really kind of an ad hoc thing, and it's not very polished, but it's just like, look, what I'm doing, and it's think about it like a kid on the playground who just has a summer salt on the trend is no, watch me. And so we're fueling that motivation. And then we have a fourth group who really wants to create and curate and share their content in a highly polished format. And that we see in the context of The Sims. And we'll certainly see it in the context of Skate, and we're seeing that kind of start to rise up in things that people want out of our FC experience and our Madden experience and certainly has been and will continue to be part of our Battlefield experience over time. And so really, when we think about designing and building these things, we start with a player first, and we start with what are the motivations they're trying to fulfill. And then we look to build tools that seamlessly and without friction, fulfill those motivations for them in the best way possible. And what we are seeing is that we're able to fulfill motivations across that full spectrum of cohorts, and that's why our network is growing so rapidly. That's why our engagement is continuing to be strong, and that's why people are spending more time in our games and using this as a platform to build deep enduring connections with their friends.
Andrew Wilson: Again, entertainment has been built on the creation of world, the development of character telling the story since time began, and we've experienced it in different forms over time, we had to go to the theater, then we would read about it, then we listened to it on the radio and then we watch it the movie, then we watch it in television. Now we experienced that through games. And it is how we entertain ourselves first and foremost, as we think about these great storytelling opportunities. And so again, as a publicly-traded company, we're always thinking about the financial return of the things that we do. But as we think about the full breadth of the consumption of sports and entertainment, these deep social experiences are very much about how we enjoy attainment, but the creation of world and development character and telling of stories is kind of the central life blood of entertainment more broadly. And as we think about this, it's not just about predictability because, again, there are being crappy worlds and crappy characters and story is being told. And so we work with our partners and we work with our own IP to do things in a truly compelling way, and we think it represents an extraordinary business opportunity as we don't believe humanity is going to turn it back on the nature of storytelling. As we look to the future, the nature of storytelling is almost certainly going to be interactive.
Andrew Wilson: And on The Sims, again, it's nearly 10 years old now. I mean there are people who are going to want to play The Sims 4 -- yes it's nearly 10 years old now. When we think about -- there's a bunch of people who want to play that game who may not have even been born when we launch the game. And while we have a community of many tens of millions of people playing, we recognize the opportunity to really open up and bringing anyone who wants to experience The Sims 4. As we look to the last 12 months, about 90% of all revenue was from extra content, not the base game. And so as we think about the future, as we think about the evolution of The Sims experience and really bringing in more people to enjoy what The Sims offers the playing community. We felt that this was the right time. And I commend the team for really making this happen and really supporting their community. And what we've seen on balance is the community has been very thankful for this, very supportive of this and is looking forward to welcoming what we hope is many millions more into that ecosystem overall.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, it's a really good question, and I appreciate you using Sims as an example, but I think the question is probably broader than just The Sims. And I would say that there's not a one-size-fits-all answer to this question. Certainly, as we think about some of our iterative titles that we do each and every year, our objective is to build enough content and enough innovation and enough creativity that delivers extraordinary value for the amount that our community invest in each of those titles. And we have been very successful in doing that, and we commit many hundreds of people on those franchises to ensure that we deliver all of those things, particularly value to our community, to fulfill the expectations they have for what a new title would bring. We have other things like the titles that come out of BioWare that really is about giving them time to build out these worlds and create these characters and tell these stories in a new innovative and creative way. Without using The Sims as an example, but using things like Skate as a potential example and maybe others in our franchise, there's also an opportunity, in some cases, to have an existing experience continue while layering in a new modality of that experience on top. And certainly, what we're going to see with Skate is you're going to be able to get in there and you're going to be able to skate and do all the things that we've been able to do in Skate games in the past. But there's a whole new modality around creation and social connection, that's going to be a meaningful part of that game going forward. And so to answer your question, I think that we're looking at every franchise in its own stead, and we're asking ourselves, what is the right thing to do with respect to this franchise. Some for our iterative franchise is about getting just the right amount of people into a team to deliver innovation and creativity, for some like our BioWare franchise is about giving time to really build out these worlds characters and story lines. And for other franchises like Skate, and certainly, as we think about the future of Sims, it's how do we hold on to all of the goodness of the existing franchise and layer in new modalities and extensions of how you play these games for a growing and changing and evolving diverse community around the world.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. So first thing I would say just to differentiate there. I think what we have had is EA Originals, which were lower-priced titles. This was an initiative that we developed some years ago really to support the India community and the industry growth opportunity overall. What we were seeing in the industry was these India developers were kind of building these very cool games. They didn't have the means to get into market in a big way and they didn't have the ability to continue on because the business model wasn't working for them at least for their first title. And what we did at that time was go into the community and say, "All right, let's handpick some really great teams who are building some really cool games around really cool IP. Let's help -- let's fund development for them. Let's get them distribution and let's give them the profits on the back end so that they can come together and build an even bigger game a second time around. Most of those have been smaller, lower-priced titles. However, in the history and -- I mean the company 22 years, we have a long and rich history of co-developing, co-publishing and distributing AAA full-priced IP, all the way back for as long as I can remember. We don't do as much of it anymore just because there's not as much of it out there that we think really fits the bill and is it a AAA quality bar that we believe can deliver against the expectations of these global communities at a full price point. We think Wild Heart is one. I mean I would tell you, it started with what felt like a pretty small idea for us internally. And every time we saw the product, we were wowed and mesmerized by what they were doing. The Monster Hunter genre is a relatively new genre. It exploded. It is ripe for innovation and creativity and expansion and what we see the team doing is all of the things that the community is asking for in the genre. And so -- and the response so far has been really, really strong. And so I don't want to get out over my skis on this one. But I would tell you, I saw it. I think it's incredible. The community has seen it, they think it's incredible. How big it can be. We don't quite know yet, but I think there's a path for this to be a really, really cool opportunity for us, for the development team and for the community at large.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. Let me grab the first part around World Cup, and then I'll let Chris speak to kind of engagement trends and those types of things around Apex. First, I might challenge the idea that we had troubles with the World Cup last time. But I might be base front. Again, I think we brought in and brought back about 12 million players back into the franchise with World Cup content. It was one of our highest engagement opportunities of that year. I think there may have been externally some expectations on higher revenue at that time. What you might remember we talked about was we believed it was a really strong engagement opportunity. We use it to bring people into the franchise and back to the franchise and we projected and predicted that it would drive growth in the out years beyond the World Cup. And of course, that has happened each and every year since that World Cup. So we feel really, really bullish on what this World Cup can do for us. What I would say without going into broad details, it is more deeply integrated into the mode. It was more kind of an add-on adjunct to the product. Last time it was very cool. It was great content. It was World Cup. What we -- what the team has done this time is we take that content and embed it more deeply into the overall experience of the game. And our expectation is that while it will bring people into the franchise and back to the franchise, it will also drive even deeper engagement over time. And we think that is good for the long-term prospects of the product, particularly as we launch FC next year to build and grow that community to its absolute greatest possible point at this juncture is a great opportunity for us.
Laura Miele: Thanks, Benjamin. Great question. When we think about our growth potential in our portfolio, we certainly consider the games that we create, the world, the characters. We also look at the expansion of our player community and the diversity of players that we can bring in. When you think about the breadth of our portfolio from real-world sports to our original IP, including Sims, Apex, Battlefield, Skate, Need for Speed. We also have licensed IP. You think about Star Wars, Lord of the Rings and of course, now Marvel, as you mentioned. So we consider this licensed IP, an incredibly important component of expanding, diversifying and casting our net wider to bring new players in. And when we looked at our Star Wars business, as an example, we brought millions of players into our community and what we realized and have seen is that over 40% of those players have gone on to play other games in our portfolio. So we consider adding licensed IP as a pretty significant engagement model to our overall community as we grow. And we're just thrilled to welcome the Marvel partners into our creative teams, and we're incredibly confident that we're going to build meaningful content for our fans. We have generally approached these types of creative partnerships kind of away from the contract. We don't want it to be a transactional partner to really embrace a creative partnership and co-create together. And we've seen great success in our past, and we expect no difference for the future with Marvel.
Laura Miele: Thanks, Eric. Great question. We see mobile remaining one of the largest platforms in the games business, and it represents a pretty significant growth path for us, particularly with our large franchises. So there's a couple of parts have how to think about this. And we are looking at mobile as an expansion in multiplier on our big franchises such as FIFA, Apex. As an example, when we look at our FIFA mobile business, 75% of our FIFA mobile players exist outside of Europe and North America. So that's significant reach and global impact for our FIFA mobile game. So we continue to believe that the mobile business will be -- will contribute to these big online communities that Andrew has talked about and has discussed in our vision and strategy and be a multiplier for these gaming ecosystems for players. And when we think about a post-ATT world or post-IDFA world, what's most meaningful is having these large communities and well-known brands for strong reach. And so we are confident in our position to have an impact beyond some of the challenges that some are experiencing in a post-ATT world. As we think about our acquisitions and our stand-alone business, we continue to see strength in games such as Galaxy, Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes. And when we look at Glu, our Glu acquisition, that is some of those properties such as Design Home, Cabot fashion, we believe are going to be strong contributors to our lifestyle Sims sort of business. Then we also have the Tap Sports business that clearly we have big strength in sports. And so we continue to believe that those will contribute to our strategic growth path as we head into the future. So yes, there have been headwinds in the mobile market, and we continue to believe that mobile as a platform will provide the global player reach for our big franchises. And we believe with our big community, it will continue to help us with some of our stand-alone mobile games with our large communities and big brands.
Laura Miele: Thanks for the question. As I mentioned in the mobile response earlier, mobile continues to contribute to the overall growth of some of our biggest franchises and brands. And that is certainly the case with Apex Mobile for the overall Apex brand. We're seeing player and geographic expansion in Southeast Asia, Middle East, Latin America. That is exactly how we had hoped for and what we were expecting. Now we are 24 weeks into our launch. And while we've delivered a strong experience, the rating on the App Store is quite strong, and we're proud of the quality of the game. And our core players have connected with it quite well. We are now focused on improving our retention for our more casual players, and that is definitely an area of focus for us and an area of improvement. And this is very much a natural part of the cycle and process as we bring these games to market. And we believe and we know that Apex Mobile will continue to help us drive the growth for the overall Apex mobile brand and franchise in the coming years.
Laura Miele: Eric, so we put the Lord of the Rings mobile game in the market and soft launch a few months ago, and it's being developed by the same team that created one of our most successful mobile games and Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes. And I would say it's actually a very normal part of our process to go out to soft launch and allow our community and player feedback to inform how we're thinking about game development. So we consider this to be a pretty normal natural part of our cycle and aren't seeing anything unnecessarily unusual. And the game and the game needs more time. We need more time to continue to flesh out our progression loops to simplify our -- for our first time user experiences. And we're confident that we will get to market soon with the game. And as you mentioned, having a big brand like Lord of the rings and a great creative partner, they're seeing good success in this franchise right now is going to help us in a post ATT world. So in partnership with our big online community that we have and a big Lord of the Rings brand and a healthy soft launch so we can get the game metrics and the game play right, we will come to market when the time is right for the game and for our players.
