Andrew Wilson: Thanks Blake. The future of this industry has never been more exciting and full of opportunity. We’re deeply focused on strong execution against our FY 2020 plans, and delivering great entertainment for the ever-expanding audience of players around the world. We’re building amazing new games from powerful franchise brands, including Star Wars, FIFA, Madden, NBA, NHL, Need for Speed and Plants vs. Zombies. For tens of millions of players around the world, we have extensive plans to evolve and add to the Apex Legends experience. Fans of Battlefield V, The Sims 4, and Anthem will have more great content and new ways to play in the year ahead. We’re working on new projects in mobile to join our portfolio of large-scale live services, and taking the time in player testing to hone breakthrough experiences. Throughout EA Studios, our creative leaders and talented development teams are deeply focused on delivering quality and innovation to our players in each of these experiences in FY 2020, and much more in the years to come. We’re also continuing to invest in services and engine technology powering the games and experiences to meet the changing needs of players. At the core is our best-in-class technology platform, which provides the foundational services to deliver ever-evolving, connected experiences at scale. In the year ahead, we are focused on optimizing our technology to our studio needs, leveraging cloud, A.I. and other tools to increase iteration speed for our developers, and enable faster time-to-player for our games and our communities. With great games and powerful services, we will provide new ways to play, watch and compete. Competitive modes are driving some of the deepest engagement from players in FIFA and Madden. As our major esports tournaments drive viewership records, we have expanded our own broadcast production capabilities, and we’re continuing to partner with networks like ESPN and Twitch to reach broader audiences. Combined with new sponsorships and great brand partners that are connecting us to more fans around the world, our opportunity in the global esports movement continues to grow. These priorities will help us meet the needs of an expanding global player base. In the year ahead, we will seek to be where more of our players are, offering our games through more platforms, through more business models, and in more markets. We will deliver great games to players on console, PC and mobile in FY 2020, and with more choice in premium, subscription, and free-to-play models. We are already leading in subscription services on more platforms than any other publisher, and we have plans to expand that in FY 2020. And with excitement for global brands like FIFA and Apex Legends, we’re also working aggressively to bring our games to new players in Asia through self-publishing and valuable partnerships. We’re ready for another dynamic year of growth in the games industry. Now Blake and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: I’ll take the first part and then I’ll give Blake the second part. As you heard from our prepared remarks, we’re overjoyed with Apex. Again, the team at Respawn has built with universal price from a global gaming community. But at the same time when you bring 50 million players or more in short order, you learn a lot of stuff and you learn about the dynamics that come up with scale, with access, with matchmaking, with cheating, with monetization, with content creation. And I'm proud to say that the Respawn team is a learning team and they are taking all of that and rolling that back in the game experience. And as we talked about, their focus is to ensure that at the very core of the game, the foundation of the game experience continues to be unbelievable fun, exciting and fair for all players, and they have big and robust playing to fulfill, again something we learned, what amounts to insatiable appetite for new content and new programming in the context of the game over time. With respect to how we think about that across our portfolio, again free-to-play is a powerful business model where you can bring tremendous amounts of people at the top of the funnel and ultimately social interaction and competition form the very center of the game play experience. And we will almost certainly have other free-to-play experiences in our portfolio over time where the game that we're looking to build fulfills that criteria. Huge plying population and social interaction and competition at the very core of the experience. There are many other types of experiences, particularly experiences like Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order that don't fit well into a free-to-play model. And as we think about broad offerings across premium free-to-play end subscription, we know that we are fulfilling broad and varied motivations of the global playing audience. And so there will be many other games that don't fit that business model that we still believe are really, really strong opportunities for us to entertain and engage the global reach of players.
Andrew Wilson: Again, Twitch have been a valuable partner for us and represents a significant engagement node for members of the playing community. And so I expect the Twitch will continue to be important part of gamers lives. In terms of Twitch viewer data or Twitch viewer numbers at any given time, it is one data point that we use. There are ebbs and flows and what streamers want to project in those ebbs and flows and what viewers want to see. A lot of that is around new content and new engagement models. And so we would expect that as we kind of go through the year, whether that’s for Apex or FIFA, we will see ebbs and flows in Twitch viewer data, and we will match that with a broader engagement days that we see and a player sentiment that we get from interacting directly with our players and use that overall drive what is a more enhanced and engaging and extended and expanded player experience for each member of our playing community across each one of our games.
Andrew Wilson: The other addition to this is not unlike all the media and entertainment subscriptions, is that we will use the engagement that we see inside subscription to help us think about what new games should we partner with to bring to the sub. And what new games that we should greenlight internally, and you will likely see us over time, start to greenlight some smaller games that go into the subscription with a view to growing them into much larger games in the future. And so not only do we think this offers tremendous value to players from a monetary standpoint, we also think it offers tremendous value to payers because that allows them to really play the games they want to play, and in the future play games that they may otherwise never get to play, but for subscription.
Andrew Wilson: Well, let me grab the first bit and then maybe Blake and I can share the second. We come at this with true guiding principles. The first guiding principle is one that has stood the test of time for Electronic Arts, which is we seek to be platform agnostic. We have done a tremendous job since our inception of partnering with any and old platform holders that we could deliver games in any way that we could. And part of that is as a result of our second guiding principle, which is to be where our players are and offer our players choice in how they engage. And so as we look out in the market, we're very excited about a number of new players coming into the industry, particularly players at scale have the ability to dramatically increase the total addressable marketed players and provide frictionless access to this tremendous entertainment that we create. We will continue to find our business on these two guiding principles, to be platform agnostic wherever possible and to provide player choice and be where players are at every possible moment. And we feel like that either in the context of what is likely going to be changing consumption models over time, will both be good for us as an organization and more importantly, the best for our players over time.
Andrew Wilson: Again, so in the context of viewership, the first thing we’re seeing is that gaming is a more meaningful part of our player's lives than it’s ever been. And in addition to playing the viewing of games is as important to them. And that's not a natural human beings with him watching people play sport for hundreds if not thousands of years. And for many people the playing of games is very core to their competitive juices being fueled. And so we're going to see more and more that viewership transcends participation and it becomes a growing part of what is players gaming life. In the broader conduct for us, it all amounts to wonderfully great content. And part of the reason why we build our own production facility here is because we do want to ensure that the content that our view - that our players are viewing is as higher quality as a possibly could be. And ultimately the combination of playing our games and watching our games and engaging in a vast amounts of content that we're able to create that is of deep interest to our players as game becomes more important to them. That will almost certainly add to the value of our overall network and our overall ecosystem in the same way that any content or media business which see value.
Andrew Wilson: And so again you referred to a Battlefront II and Battlefield V. I think that at the end of the day, we've got to create right games and no matter what's going on in the marketplace, we have to create great games. I think Battlefront II on balance in it kind of hard to see through the midst of this, but on balance, Battlefront II was a great game. We made some missteps in the context of progression and monetization, which actually clouded, what was otherwise a really great game and with the ongoing commitment that the studio has had with the player community, it's now a really strong game with really strong player sentiment and we expect that will continue to do well. We should have had that done at launch, but we are a learning organization and we've continued to support that community. I think with Battlefield V, we were missing the Battle Royale mode at launch. I think the players really wanted that. That was certainly in the front of mind of a global FPS player community. Again, we've now launched Firestorm. We’ll talking about 60% week-over-week engagement and the team continues to be very committed to Battlefield as well. Through all of that, other people are also going to make great games and whether that's Fortnite or it's Red Dead Redemption 2. That's no different for us than it's been certainly for the 20 years I've been in this company, there's always competition. The good news, of course is there's more and more players across more and more platforms, across more and more business models each and every day and more now than there have ever been. And so we see the opportunity as being bigger and more exciting than it's ever been. But at the very cold we must execute. And everything you've heard from us in our prepared remarks is that we are going throughout entire studio and marketing organizations and working on ensuring that we execute against the delivery of spectacular games and very clear communication with our players to ensure that we're delivering what they want and they know what's coming.
Andrew Wilson: So first I would say it's very perceptive and insightful question. And the reality is it's not just an EA challenges and an industry-wide challenge. And as games get more complex both depth and breadth of game experience and you're moving from what was initially a BioWare game, which will be somewhere between 40 and 80 hours of offline play to 40 to 80 hours of offline play plus a 100 or 200 or 300 hours of older game that happens with new developed players at scale online. Traditionally, what has happened with these massively online games as you would go through a seed of the launch process, you would have soft launches and you have beta tests and we've been launching these types of games in Asia and there'll be four or five different kind of community tests that happened throughout the development process. And that brings kind of the QA component of what happens to these games at scale more forward. In the west that kind of comes [in the confidence] with typically how games has been marketed. And so what we're doing now inside the organization is saying, okay, typically the way we would have marketed games like this is on this drip feed approach of releasing new content over time, build up kind of the appetite and the excitement for the game and then launch the game and it would run. As games has gotten bigger that system isn't working as well as it has done in years gone by. And so what you should expect from us is that we – it's not just about changing the development process in the game, is not just about changing the QA process in the game, although both of those things are being changed dramatically inside of the organization right now. But it also comes down to changing how we launch games and how we rolled out and you should expect we'll start to test things like soft launches, the same things that you see in the mobile space right now and it also comes down to changing how we communicate with players. And our entire marketing organization now is moving out of presentation mode and into conversation mode and changing how we interact with players over time. So the day that we bring truly a global audience into play, we have strong confidence that one, the game is ready, two, that the infrastructure can handle the game at scale and three, that our players understand exactly what reasons they're going to be playing and how they’re going to be playing both on the day of launch and over time. We think that we are in a really good position. I think that gets really hard, if you don't have scale to do this in this new world, until we feel very good about it. And over time we hope that we can lead from the front and help other developers and publishers change the way they do things as well.
Blake Jorgensen: So on the second question, actually I'm not sure how you're doing your math because we do see growth across the Ultimate Team business for the year. We see growth – a small growth number for FIFA online in Asia, but most of that comes starting in Q2 as I mentioned. Slight decline in our Star Wars: The Old Republic business, and probably one or two other businesses where there's some offsets. But overall we're seeing growth. We should see more backend Ultimate Team growth versus front-ended because despite not meeting our expectations last year at World Cup, we still had a strong a World Cup Ultimate Team, particularly a strong second quarter Ultimate Team year-over-year. We will see probably some challenge in Ultimate Team in the second quarter as a comp, but should have a strong third quarter and fourth quarter. Overall, we're looking for growth across – live services across virtually all the quarters. The biggest challenge is going to be the fourth quarter where we’ll be comping the first quarter of Apex from this past year.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. So I think characterized Ultimate Team in any of our live services is driven by addition of new activities and content. Over the last 11 years we've gotten better every year at designing events in Ultimate Team that engage players who can effectively have more fun each year. And when they have more fun, they're liable to spend some more money along the way. This year for example, we added an activity in the fourth quarter around the young up and coming players and a global soccer and it was one of our most popular events of the year, really caught fire with people and we will clearly be continuing to tune that. In Madden, we've continued to tune events associated with esports as well as post Superbowl around things like the combine and draft and they've been very popular and one of Madden’s best years we had ever. And so it's really the beauty of live services is it's a daily business. The teams respond to daily data about what consumers want and what they're doing and continue with the same path and that will be the same path we follow with Apex Legends, where we’ll continue to have seasons where there will be new ways to play, new maps, new activities, new characters, new weapons. It is the beauty of the live service business that every day you wake up and think about what we can continue to add to this to make and allow people to have even more fun on deeper engagement. And that’s very different than the traditional business and one which we believe is a much more predictable business and steady business over time.
Blake Jorgensen: Andrew, I'd add to that. Our experience in creating broadcasting content is getting better and better each year. We add a substantial investment this past year in buildings. As Andrew mentioned, building our own broadcast facility and the team built a world-class facility where we go directly to ESPN or other broadcasting partners that we have with the content that we've created. And it allows us to repurpose the studio for virtually any game we have, it set up as a Madden studio, but we could easily do it as a FIFA studio and Apex studio or whatever it might be. And it can be used not just for creating esports tournaments, but for creating broadcast content to essentially continue the development and excitement around our games and get people engaged. And so you're going to continue to see more and more of that as part of what we do.
Blake Jorgensen: Without a doubt profitable, we wouldn't be doing it if we saw it as a profitable business. For us, we've continued to invest in the origin platform around network and player related tools, ways for players to engage with games easier – more easier discovery of better social tools around things like matchmaking, better tools around communicating, and you'll continue to see that evolution over the next couple of years. We have a long technology roadmap that our teams are focused on there. Making the look, the feel and the interaction much better, we're also trying to make sure we built some of those tools that could be used on other's platforms if those other platforms don't have those tools because our goal is to replicate subscription across any available platform, where we think it would benefit from a subscription. We know consumers want to consume games that way. We've continued our experiment where we'll continue our experiment this year with frontline titles. We had forefront line titles this year, FIFA, Madden, Battlefield and Anthem and we're continuing to collect data on exactly how that differs from the catalog titles and we're continuing to add third-party content. As Andrew mentioned, we have over 200 games in our origin, access program and some of those from great developers like Warner Brothers or other large third parties. And we'll continue to add those, because we think that's important for consumers. We think our scale is a far greater than anyone else in the industry, particularly scale AAA games. And that's going to be important to building that subscription base. And the addition of Sony is going to be a huge benefit to both Sony and ourselves around how to have more people playing more games through a subscription offering. So more to come we mentioned we're over $3.5 million subscribers across the current origin and EA access on Microsoft platform. We think that steps up this year on both organic growth as well as on a growth with Sony. But you'll probably see us approach other platforms in the future to try and have them involved. In particularly as streaming becomes more and more prevalent in the future, we think screaming and combination with subscription could be very powerful.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. We hadn't built Madden for PC and 10 plus years, so it was probably the lowest driver because they're just not that many people playing Madden on PC. But we've, believe we'll continue to add to that platform because there's more people playing FIFA obviously. And many of those are starting to get a chance to play Madden because they've never played it before. And we'll see more people that are traditional shooter players play action games like Anthem and sports games that they may not have played before. And so we find that it takes time for people to get through what's in the subscription. In some ways it's daunting. There's so many games in there, but they start to settle into a pattern in which they play games that they really enjoy. And many times they're ones they've never actually played before. So we think continually adding, we'll update obviously this year with Madden and, and FIFA, and other titles to drive the subscription as well as third-party titles. And we'll continue to feed that content and make it easier to find that content in play with new tools for interaction between other players. And we think that will help drive the subscriptions.
Blake Jorgensen: And to be clear, we're conscious that the investment in the subscription tool and network doesn't come cheap. And investment in third-party content where we usually share revenue could ultimately start to cap margins in the service. We're conscious that unless we can develop a more stable business and more predictable business, it probably doesn't make sense to hurt our margins. We're not going to do as some others have in the media industry overspend or spend a dramatic amount more on content that we're delivering or building ourselves. We're going to continue to deliver and build a content that we have been in the past and look for other partners to help us deliver content and see how it plays out with the consumers. And it's now small portion of our overall business. We think it can be a meaningful portion and ultimately impact and change the way that the financials come each year in a much more stable fashion. But we're still on that journey and we'll see how it unlocks in a world of streaming because that may dramatically change the number of people that have the opportunity to play games in this method.
Blake Jorgensen: On the marketing side, I think in the near-term there probably isn't a large impact because you're obviously trying to bring people into the subscription which requires marketing as well as people to understand the games as we normally do. I think over the longer term, our hope is it certainly does. If you are able to help people discover new games once they're inside the subscription, we believe that's probably less expensive to do, and most importantly eliminates one of the big barriers for players and that is the risk of that they're not going to like the title. We do know that there are people that buy games and only play them once or twice and the risk at first as do they want to try something new? When it does subscription, they think that that next game is for free. And so what we're trying to do is get people to actually or breakdown that barrier of trial, which we believe is subscription can do and it's certainly can do it in a far less cost than it is in a traditional model.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes, I would answer that. We look as Andrew mentioned with great partnership with Twitch. We also have a great partnership with YouTube. We've been using those platforms for obviously working with influencers and showing our content. The one thing I think where we have a difference in many of the other game companies do is we also have great partnerships with many of the sports leagues. And when you think about FIFA, that's a collection of some of the biggest sports organizations in the world and people like UEFA and the champion's league, the premier league and others, which are really global businesses now versus the regional businesses, they weren't historically. And so we're working with them to find ways to help them build their brands around the globe, which may be not just traditional video games, but combinations of video games and broadcasting opportunities where we're doing things like esports tournaments and others. So it's a huge potential for us down the road and we're very excited about it. In terms of China, it's a daily question in our mind when we see what tweaks come out each morning. So it's hard for us to gage. We've know what you think is I seen a very strong partnership with Tencent around FIFA and other games and of the marketplace and those games are both on the PC – traditional PC platform as well as mobile platforms in China. We built a good partnership with other players in other parts of Asia. We'll continue to do that. We haven't heard anything or seen anything that would imply pressure based on any of the current trade talks. And our hope is that whatever is discussed is it settled in a way which it helps us even deepen our partnerships with those players in those markets.
Blake Jorgensen: I would say not really that different. I think as we get deeper and understand the market more, we may ask for things that we didn't ask for it before, but they're not all that know. It just remember Apex is what we're at 92 days into this and the first 30 days to 40 days we were trying to figure out how many people we could add each day on the tech side of the equation and what content they needed. And so it's taken us time to work with potential partners and everyone wants to work with us. So you're trying to go through the partnership discussions, but overall it's been very positive.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. That's a good question. I would probably put more in Q3 through Q4 then in Q1. We've already given you a Q1 guide in total. So you could probably work through what it is because – we just released our first season at the start of the quarter. We haven't announced what our next season will occur, but you would assume that it's probably at the tail end or the front of the second quarter. We assume that each – all the new content that we add will continue to help build that revenue base. So – but we're guessing a little bit, because we don't have a lot of history here. So I would probably, it's not straight line is probably a little more weighted to the back half of the year. In terms of the new consoles, we're still in the discovery phase around what exactly that means. But we've tried to build our basic engine structures, so it is can be modified for new consoles or new technology fairly easily versus having it be built from scratch. As part of the reason, we went down the path of trying to build frostbite as one of our major engines inside the company. And as a reminder, if you go back, many years back – going from Gen 2 to Gen 3 was very expensive. But some of that was driven by was the first time we went to HD versus non-HD into the games themselves as well as going from still on very customized boxes. When we went from Gen 3 to Gen 4, our costs actually didn't go up at all. And that's because the boxes were designed on more standardized chipsets. You didn't have the HD probably you are already there. And I think we just got better and we had better technology. And so our focus is on how do we try to minimize the cost going to the next generation, will know more in the next time, I'm guessing two or three quarters as we get closer to exactly what's going to be out there. But our hope is that there's not a big impact.
Blake Jorgensen: So I would say we're still – we're not in a place where we're going to give out a lot of metrics. You can assume that, the first 30 days was off the chart, I mean, again because so many people were playing. Our average daily user base has come down slightly, but there's still a lot of people playing. And obviously the biggest challenge on spend is having enough things that people could spend money on. You got to create content for people to spend money on. So you probably should assume that our spend levels have come down, but we also have the new edition of the battle paths, which essentially you had a lot of spending around battle pass and then people use that as their currency for some period of time. So we're learning what those spend patterns look like. So not a lot of guidance to give you. I would say that we're still very happy with where it is a got a very consistent user base. And we're trying to keep people with new content and new ways to play and that's where the biggest focus is going to be as well as continue to make sure that the players experience gets better and better in terms of how they play? If there's any bugs in it. We've never had anything of scale at this level. I think our biggest concurrent user day in FIFA would be 1.5 million users. And here we saw concurrence that we're 5x to 10x that is some cases. And so it tests and so we're learning along the way, but everything has worked much better than we thought. And it's just a question of more content. And before Andrew answers your question, I'll just make sure to remind everybody we're not going to start giving guidance for fiscal 2021. We just gave guidance for fiscal 2020. So…
Blake Jorgensen: Great. Well thank you everyone for taking the time today. We'll look forward to seeing everyone at EA PLAY in July, if not before that or before June. Thank you.
