Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Chris. Interactive entertainment is at an inflection point. The industry is expanding, the number of players expect to grow significantly over the coming years. The audience is becoming more diverse with cultural and generational trends accelerating content consumption. Engaging this expanding player base means reaching them on devices everywhere through disruptive technologies.  For EA, these transformations represent opportunities to grow today and over the long term. We have the best talent in the industry to execute against our long-term strategy. It's through their passion and creativity that we will continue to deliver on our mission to inspire the world to play. We are focused on bringing more amazing games to more people around the world, inspiring them to build community, celebrate shared fandom and have joyful experiences. The future of entertainment is interactive, and no team is better equipped to lead this transformation than EA.  Now Chris, Laura and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. I think it's a great question. As we look at the marketplace and as we look at consumer trends, I think there's 2 things happening right now. One, which -- and both kind of end us in the same place. But I think one is more short term, and one has as much longer term -- more longer-term ramifications.  The first is that any time through the history of our industry, that there is any kind of consumer softness or consumer trepidation around spending also macroeconomic uncertainty. What we typically see is consumers move towards the biggest brands and the biggest titles and the most recognizable experiences. And that really comes down to kind of general consumer behavior, which is they have less money that they're willing to risk against new things or smaller things or unknown things. And typically, our brands like FIFA, like Madden, like The Sims have performed very well at these times.  That, however, is a moment in time. And our expectation is that as we move through this particular phase and as consumer spending continues to strengthen over time, that there will be opportunities for new titles and new brands. What -- but what we don't think that will outweigh is this movement to these broader social ecosystems that are games, games as platforms. At the very call, we are a games company, but what we are seeing is the evolution of the definition of a game.  And you hear us talk about play, watch, create, connect. And it's really that last piece, that connection piece, that is driving the future of our business. And as we think about building FC for the future, as we think about building The Sims for the future and Battlefield and Apex and Skate and other properties in our portfolio, we really think about that in the context of building games as a platform or content as a platform to drive these long-term businesses across play, watch, create, connect. We think this will be longer-lasting than the present kind of macroeconomic climate. And certainly, that's where we're investing in meaningful parts of our time, money and resources over the coming years.  That's not to take away from the opportunity to launch incredible things like Jedi, which we've just done, which tell unbelievable stories in an interactive world and become a meaningful part of a bigger brand IP like we have with Star Wars. But certainly, as we balance out our investment over time, a great portion of our investment will go into these building games and experiences that entertain massive online communities. We'll then follow up with a more focused, deliberate investment against telling blockbuster interactive stories, and we think that there will be opportunity for investment over time with the extension of these social and credit tools, both for the in-game experience and beyond the game experience broadly. And you'll see us do some more of that, particularly in the world of EA SPORTS in the coming year.
Andrew Wilson: I'll touch on this broadly, and I'll let Chris kind of talk a little bit more on the details of how we're forecasting and planning. First and foremost, we're coming off an extraordinary year. Football as a sport is growing globally. We think the World Cup did great things for continuing to grow the sport broadly and the fan ecosystem around the sport. I think what we've been able to do with our football franchise is really become central to the fabric of football culture, and the results that you are seeing is really demonstrative of that importance that we play in that fan football culture.  My belief and my belief all along has been that as we move through this rebrand, and certainly as we talked about in the prepared remarks, this rebrand was probably the single biggest rebrand moment in the history of the company and almost certainly the most successful by a fairly wide margin. We've never seen this kind of consumer energy and this kind of positive consumer energy around a launch of this nature, particularly for a business that we've been in for 30 years.  And so I continue to believe that moving through this rebrand actually presents us extraordinary opportunities for growth, and I've talked about this before and the context of what we can do for the player broadly, how we can extend the play, watch, create, connect, experience, how we can extend the relationships that we have with commercial brands that are equally valuable in football fan culture over time. And I think that as we move through this year, and you see what we're doing in the context of the game experience and what's going on around that, we feel very bullish and very confident around growth opportunities of our football business. But we're coming off a pretty big year, and it's a pretty big comp, and so I'll hand off to Chris to kind of talk you through how we're thinking about that.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. On the Jedi piece, and I'll let Chris touch on Lord of The Rings, maybe Laura can give you a little bit more color on the launch of that and what we expect. On Jedi, again, we're overjoyed. We made the bold decision to move the title 6 weeks to give the team the opportunity to really get to the quality of games they wanted. And of course, as you heard in our prepared remarks, the quality has been very, very strong, and many are proclaiming is going to be a game of the year contender. And certainly, playing it and speaking to people who are playing it, it represents incredible storytelling in the Star Wars universe. And so I think we're building on where we were with Jedi: Fallen Order. And we're -- and it's certainly been a very strong launch for us. It was very early. I think we're 11 days in at this point. We're in a different kind of market dynamic, but I would tell you it's pacing very strongly against our expectations and against Jedi: Fallen Order.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. I think what you've heard from us, and certainly the performance in Q4 is testament to this, is Apex is one of the strongest franchise in our industry and certainly one of our strongest franchise when we talk about content as a platform, a game experience as a platform, Apex is certainly front and center as we think about our business model. We have a substantial player base with incredible retention. And as is the nature of these free-to-play environment, there are ebbs and flows. And I think what is unique to Apex is its ability to engage and reengage through those ebbs and flows.  We're going to continue to invest in the IP broadly, both geographically from a platform, extending play, extending story. And for what it's worth, I don't think anything is off the table. I think that as we think about game IP today, it's kind of like comic book IP of 20 or 30 years ago. This is the IP that Gen Z and Gen Alpha perhaps identify mostly with, and I think the opportunities for us to continue to grow and expand and stretch the nature of the experiences that we're able to offer to our global player base over the next decade and beyond is unfettered.
Andrew Wilson: Great question. As you might imagine, we spent a great deal of energy thinking through this puzzle. I think on balance that what we have done as a company over the last 40 years has navigated various distribution modalities from cartridge to disk -- floppy disk to cartridge, cartridge to disc, disc to digital, digital to live service. And our expectation is that we'll continue to evolve, and we think we're at the forefront of that, particularly as you think about our live services business.  When we think about scale broadly, I think there are 3 core elements to scale. One is the scale of our network, the amount of players that we interact with each year and each month. And as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we've just hit 700 million, which is an extraordinary amount of people and represents some of the greatest scale in and around our industry.  The second area of scale, of course, is meaningful IP. And what we've discovered over time is that our biggest brands continue to get bigger as we invest in them and this year as we take more ownership over our football brand with FC, but certainly FC and Apex and The Sims and Battlefield and Need for Speed and so many of our great brands that there's a level of portfolio scale that gives us optionality for the future that most in our industry or an entertainment broadly, just simply don't have the benefit of.  But there's another element of our business that I think is the most important, and that's our people. The scale of teams that we have that can deliver titles and content and live services year in, year out and has continue to do that through the ebbs and flows of our industry and through the dramatic consumer trend changes and distribution changes and platform changes. Many other companies have tried. Not many have succeeded as it turns out. And as we look to the future and as we see that interactive entertainment is becoming a more and more important part of entertainment broadly, I think that our team scale is actually one of our greatest strengths. Our ability to launch the number of EA SPORTS games and updates every year, our ability to take Apex to 200 million people, our ability to take The Sims to 70 million people, our ability to bring Battlefield back in an entirely new way in the future and reinvent and rethink what Skate might be as a consumer connection platform around Skate culture.  There are very few companies, if any, in our industry or in entertainment more broadly that can do that at the scale that we can do it. And it's inherent in who we are as a company. We invest deeply in it, in the culture of our organization in really supporting creators. And I think that as we move forward in entertainment that the combination of our network, our IP and, more importantly, our teams gives us the kind of scale that means that we have unbelievable opportunities for growth and certainly opportunities for success as we embark in what will be a new competitive marketplace.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. I think it's a great question, and I go back to some of the comments we made earlier, which is as we think about the notion of a game, the definition is evolving pretty dramatically. And so when we think about time for development, it's not just the creation of a world or the development of characters or the telling of a story. It's really about how do we build this as a platform that drives long-term live service business over a 10-plus year period. And I think as we think about supporting and investing in and growing our creating capabilities, our development capabilities, our studio capabilities, that's really where we're investing meaningfully.  And on balance, yes, we will give them more time, and we will let them evolve how they build and what they build and how they launch their games over time. But it's really not just about the complexity of games. It's really about the changing nature of what it is that we're building, but more importantly, the changing nature of how we derive value from that development over the long term. And so where we once built games in 1 year or 2 years and then monetize them over 5 weeks or 5 months, now games as a platform are taking longer, but the benefits are exponentially greater.  And what we're seeing out of FC; and what we're seeing out of Apex; what we're seeing out of The Sims, which again launched in 2014, is meaningful return over a decade's long life cycle. And as we set ourselves up for the future, that's going to be a meaningful part of how we invest in our company, how we invest in the content and service that we provide to players and how we support our development teams to do that.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, great questions. Let me touch on the first part, and then I'll hand over to Laura to provide a little bit more detail on the AI part in terms of what we're doing. So first, as it relates to consolidation, I'm sure you recognize this is a question I get asked a lot. I almost am never allowed to answer that question as it turns out. What I would say is I don't know what's going to happen with Activision and Microsoft. Again, we continue to be Microsoft's biggest partner. I think we're the #1 publisher on their platform. So whether that deal goes through or not is not really material to us broadly. We think we have the scale, again, back to our network, our IP and our talent to continue to navigate the future and lead the future of entertainment and compete in a marketplace regardless of whether that deal goes through or not.  Longer term, will there be industry consolidation? Will there be broader entertainment consolidation? If I was predicting the future over the long term, I would say that's an almost certainty at some level. I would love for us to have the scale to be a meaningful consolidator in that space. I think that we have tremendous assets with respect to the future of entertainment. But as it stands today, I think that we're indifferent as to whether that goes through or not. We feel like we have an incredible strategy. We feel like we have an incredible opportunity. And whether it goes through or not, we will continue to be the number one publisher on the Microsoft platform.  As it relates to AI, I think that, again, as an industry, we're probably going to be one of the greatest beneficiaries of AI broadly. I think that it will allow us to do what we currently do more efficiently. It will allow us to actually do more things as we think about being creators, our ability to use AI to augment our incredible teams and create even more entertainment for an audience that has an insatiable appetite for what we're doing. And then ultimately, to allow AI to help our players and our fans create content in our world represents significant opportunity for us.  One of the things that we are also very cognizant of is there are also fears around AI. Of course, the fear of displacement of the workforce is something that we read a lot about and we talk a lot about. And as we think about every revolution over the course of time from the agriculture revolution through the industrial revolution and on, there has been displacement of the workforce in the near term and then meaningful increases in workforce opportunities over the longer term. And our hope is that AI represents the same opportunity, and we're working very closely inside of our company to ensure that our people benefit in that way and actually facilitate them to do more things.  Of course, then there is the notion of ownership of data and who owns the output of these AI models. And we have the benefit being around for 40 years and having extraordinary amounts of data from which we can use, and Laura will talk a little bit more about that.  And then lastly, of course, it's this notion of what about people -- bad actors using AI. And I think what our plan will be is to work with others in our industry, others in entertainment, others in technology and others in governments and regulators over time to help the laws keep up with the pace of AI so that help consumers, our players, our fans aren't subjected to bad actors and fraudulent behavior as a result of AI in our industry.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. I mean we don't have any date announcements or future announcements, if that's the question, certainly this time. What I'd say is I think we've put together an extraordinary creative leadership team. I know we've got the team gathering actually this week in Sweden. I had to call this morning with some of the leadership, and they're very bullish on how that's progressing. I think we've got extraordinary confidence in that team and extraordinary confidence in the progress they're making against the future of that franchise.  And I come back to we're not just building a game. We're building a platform, content as a platform, to drive live services over the decades to come. And so as we continue to move through this process and becomes appropriate, we'll share more about the future of Battlefield. But it is firmly implanted in that first pillar of our strategy: building games and experiences that attract and entertain massive online communities across platforms, across business models, across geographies. And we think that Battlefield is going to be a meaningful part of our future. And we'll share more time and share more as time progresses.  That was our last question. Thank you for being with us. Thank you again to all of our extraordinary teams who delivered an unbelievable Q4 in the face of some macro uncertainty. And we've set us up for a very, very strong FY '24. And of course, congratulations to the Jedi team having just launched an extraordinary blockbuster inside one of the biggest IPs on the planet. See you all next quarter.
Christopher Suh: Yes. Right. So specifically, our guide in Q1 is driven really by the performance of our live services business. And as you pointed out, we have some year-over-year things on new launches that are driving that performance.
Christopher Suh: No, sorry. And we're happy to sort of take you through sort of line by line on that. But it is relative to the size of the launches, I think, that you're referring.
Christopher Suh: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. Exactly as Andrew said, we're seeing an incredible year for FIFA. We talked about it extensively on the call. Actually, FIFA for the full year across all platforms grew 20% this year in constant currency, and that's off of '22 that also grew double digits. And so the momentum in the business has been fantastic.  As we look forward into the launch of FC, as Andrew said, we're really focused on the player experience and making this a great experience. We're pleased to be able to grow the business again off of 2 consecutive years of double-digit growth.
Christopher Suh: Yes, sure. As we gave the guide at the beginning of Q4, we went through a number of planning assumptions that we shared with you in terms of what we saw in terms of player engagement and quality of games and execution. I would say the biggest difference between now and then is, honestly, the performance that we had in Q4. We had an incredibly strong Q4, exceeding our own expectations on a number of fronts that we talked about in the prepared comments. And as we look forward into '24, our outlook and our planning assumptions for '24 in many cases remain unchanged in the sense that all the things that we focus on, which is quality of games, execution and delivery of our resilient live services, those remain quite stable and consistent and unchanged. And I would say that the comp is just quite a bit higher.
Christopher Suh: Great. The only thing I'd add to what Andrew said about Star Wars is that as exactly as we said, we're incredibly excited about the launch. This is a title that we expect to contribute to our financial performance for a very long time. And so we're in early days.  In terms of The Lord of the Rings mobile launch, again, another title we're very pleased at in terms of the quality of the game and the expectations around it. We are being modest and prudent in terms of the underlying implied financial performance within our guide, consistent with what we've talked about in terms of launches of some of our other titles over the last couple of quarters.
Christopher Suh: Let me address your first question. I'll start there and then I sort of missed the first part of your second question, so if you could repeat that here in a second. But in terms of the mobile growth for next year, our expectations are that mobile business in aggregate will be down year-on-year after FY '23, a large part of that related to the decision to sunset the Apex mobile title, and so that obviously is in the comparable for '23. It won't be in the comparable for '24, and that's a big piece of the mobile business revenue performance expectation for '24. And can you go ahead and repeat your second question? I missed the first part of it.
Christopher Suh: Got it. Okay. It's FC. I missed the part which game you're referring to. So thank you for that clarification. As we think about the transition to FC, we really are focused on the player experience and making this transition, a great one for our fans around the world. We are going to invest behind that across our brand, rebrand launching as well. And so as you think about the total economics of the business, I would not anticipate it being materially different year-on-year.
