Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Blake. Looking ahead, there are three distinct principles that drive our strategy today. As I said at the outset, we are constantly focused on our commitment to put our players first. The foundation of this commitment is delivering amazing and innovative new experiences for our players both from fan-favorite brands and new IP. Battlefield Hardline will be a fresh new direction in the Battlefield universe coming in Q4. We’re excited to deliver Star Wars Battlefront to fans next year, and in recent months, we have shown new projects in development from studios across EA. We continue to invest deeply in new experiences, both near term and long term. Second, as we accelerate towards our digital future, we are transforming the way people play games. For the past several years, we have been developing EA's digital platform, the technology foundation that allows us to deliver live services for games like FIFA and Battlefield while building player relationships that can last for years, instead of days or weeks. That same foundation also enables new player-centric ways to discover and try new experiences, including EA Access and Origin's Great Game Guarantee, Game Time and On the House programs. The digital transformation is unlocking new potential in platforms, content models, and modalities of play, and with our investments in technology and services, we feel well prepared to continue delivering new opportunities for our players. Third, the pursuit of our goals requires that we operate as one team that is faster, more focused, and constantly evolving. We are changing how we develop, engaging with players through alphas, betas and other programs to seek out more feedback. We’re changing the shape and skill set of our workforce, and combine the art of game making with the science of managing dynamic live services. We continue to increase our speed, while improving discipline in our operations. As an organization, we are learning, adapting, and evolving to not only be an innovative leader in gaming, but also to build meaningful long term relationships with our players. After a dynamic and rewarding first year as CEO, I'm even more energized for the future of Electronic Arts and this great industry. Now Blake, Peter, Frank and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: I will take the first part of the question, then pass to Peter to get the digital download piece. At a macro level, what we discovered as we went through the beta phases with Battlefield Hardline and play testing feedback and the various game shows that we showed it at was that the cops and criminals fantasy that was the foundation for the game resonated very, very strongly with not just existing fans, but new players to the Battlefield franchise. But the feedback was also somewhat universal that we should go deeper with that fantasy and really deliver against that to a greater degree, and what we have done is given the development team that time to go back in and really look at how to truly deliver on that cops and criminals kind of gameplay as it exists in a Battlefield world.
Andrew Wilson: I think that we have a tremendous new slate of titles that we are launching. We talk about Star Wars Battlefront as well as the rest of our sports portfolio that continues to grow. We have got the ongoing growth in the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One console generation. We expect that will continue to be very healthy, Need for Speed will be back in a year with having had a full two-year development cycle the first time in its history. We expect that we will be able to continue to scale the live services and the ongoing engagement that we drive for our players. So when you think about that at an IP level, at a platform level with console and mobile growth, and our live service growth, we feel like we have some strong levers to work with for FY '16.
Andrew Wilson: We have announced that we have a continuing relationship for Titanfall, but we’ve nothing more to announce at this time.
Andrew Wilson: Again it's a great IP, a fantastic relationship and we certainly have plans to do a number of different things as part of that relationship that are going to deliver great ways to interact with that IP for players. At this time, we have announced Star Wars Battlefront, that is our focus and nothing more to announce at this time.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, there are really two vectors created that jump in engagement. This year the team embarked on a journey to create a better onboarding flow for the game in general and get more people into the game and enjoying it than we have done before and then from that point of enjoyment, provide Ultimate Team as a way to engage and socially connect with their friends around the sport they love. And the combination of better onboarding and heightened social interaction are probably the two greatest drivers of increased engagement in Madden this year.
Andrew Wilson: With respect to the game, again, as I talked about earlier, a lot of what was happening was taking what was a really solid foundation for a game and really doing our best to deliver on the fantasy that was the cops and criminals gameplay mechanic. The team is going through in both single player and multi-player and done a lot to enhance that and make sure that comes to the forefront and delivers an experience that is interesting both to Battlefield fans and new players alike. With respect to the team themselves; they have a great deal of passion around this. There is a lot of great people on that team and I'm energized every time I spend time with them and hear them talk about what they're doing and then see how they are delivering that at a gameplay level.
Andrew Wilson: And for a little bit more color there, part of our core strategy is to offer our biggest IP as unified and united experiences across platforms where people can play on one platform or many, but interact with a single community across the globe on those platforms. We believe that kind of social interaction and that engagement is the way forward for our industry.
Blake Jorgensen: I think clearly we are seeing more of it here in the US than internationally, just because, I think, of bandwidth speeds and the adoption of digital downloads, music and movies and others. We've tended to lead that. The interesting note is remember we had a fairly large SimCity game last year, and then The Sims game this year and so you're still seeing growth even though you had two PC titles back to back in those quarters. So you’ve got to assume that there is stronger movement on the console titles across the board. We are seeing that on both platforms, Xbox and Sony, and we are seeing it across all genres of the games we’re having not just our most current games, but also some of our older games that are in the catalog.
Blake Jorgensen: We will probably see – it really depends on both the performance in beta and timing from – coming from Tencent, but it's most likely late in Q3 or early Q4, but results in the beta as Andrew mentioned, have been very, very exciting for us. It looks like a strong product and clearly that product has done extremely well in Korea and we hope to replicate a similar view in China. I do think, as we’ve said in the past, it's probably six to 12 months before we really see momentum there and we have a long term view. The game of soccer in China is growing in popularity and we think that means real strength for the long run in that business.
Blake Jorgensen: I guess the most important thing to remember about R&D is that we are changing and reprioritizing all the time the things that we do. And so if you see movements up or down in R&D, that may mean that we've changed the priority in the development schedule, not that we are actually cutting back true R&D spending. We may have ended the cycle of development on one product and are waiting to start on the next cycle on another product. Be careful to let anyone quarter's movement of R&D up or down worry you about new IP development or get you locked into a lower R&D long term. I think in general what we’re trying to do is develop great IP that has live services connected to it, which extends the life of the gameplay, and that may mean over time that our R&D as a percentage of revenue comes down, but that's really driven by the fact that the revenue per product is going up dramatically over time as we're extending the life of those products. We are going to continue to prioritize the R&D across both our console products and our mobile products and our PC products, and you will see R&D spending slowly climb up in a dollar level over time, but most likely as a percentage of revenue continue to stay flat to come down.
Blake Jorgensen: I will let Frank answer it around the product, just one quick math item. Just remember that the premium side of our business, the paid downloads which are really a leftover from our original mobile business, they are still a drag on the overall growth. That drag has now gotten down to a fairly small number, but it dropped 62%. It's down to $10 million. When you look at mobile without that drag, it's up 35%. Now quarter-over-quarter or sequential quarters, you got to be careful because we have products that ebb and flow in every quarter, but let me let Frank address some of the products and, most importantly, some of the new products we are seeing in mobile.
Blake Jorgensen: If you go back to the original announcement when we struck the deal with Disney, it's clearly a multi-year franchise. Disney is looking for us to help support the broad effort of bringing back the Star Wars franchise, and it's across mobile, social, tablets, online, consoles, across all venues. So you can imagine that we're going to look for many ways to leverage the franchise and help that franchise grow over time.
Blake Jorgensen: We saw this year for the first time that Madden, which normally stops gameplay after the Super Bowl – we rarely sell a lot of Madden after the Super Bowl and we can see on the servers that people aren't playing much. This year we saw Madden play, primarily due to Ultimate Team, all the way up until we shipped the new Madden. We saw big spikes around the draft in May and we continued to see gameplay even through the summer, as people were engaging with beauty of the Ultimate Team concept and the ability to engage with their friends as a way of continuing to stretch out that engagement.
Blake Jorgensen: I guess I would be careful with the number and trying to get a trend out of it. One, since it is just very new and, two, there is not that many titles out there. For us, we ship a lot of FIFA into Europe. If people are doing less full game downloads in Europe either because FIFA is a big title that a lot of retailers use to bring traffic into their stores or because Internet speeds are slow, be careful that you don't use that as a data point that implies that it's either flattened or not. We think the trend based on what we hear from consumers, as well as what we’re seeing in our own product is continued direction toward full game download.
Blake Jorgensen: As far as expenses, what we have said is that some of the expenses associated with either product marketing or contracted services and as a reminder, we often use contracted services late in the development cycle for testing or debugging of a product – some of those expenses got pulled forward as we moved Battlefield Hardline forward and some of the marketing expenses got phased as well. Also, some phasing around the holidays as we want to make sure we're having great promotions around the holiday timeframe. Then obviously some of it got put into our raise of guidance as a real savings to the quarter and we will try to be as transparent as possible going forward on what we think is phasing and what we don't and that's really the core pieces of that.
Blake Jorgensen: I think one interesting thing we have watched as we roll out mobile in Korea alongside of FIFA Online 3; it has actually grown both businesses. It just increases the understanding of the Ultimate Team mechanic and the game itself, and we are doing our best, as Andrew mentioned, around onboarding to educate people about the excitement of Ultimate Team. There is still a lot of people that don't understand it. They understand Fantasy Football. They understand playing or trading card mechanics, but they haven't seen how it works in a game, and so we are trying to do a better job of that onboarding, and we feel that across all platforms will help grow all platforms.
Blake Jorgensen: I will start with the Asia question and then I will let Frank to address the mobile questions. On Asia, we don't break out our revenues. It is obviously the smallest part of our international business. Europe is obviously very strong, primarily due to the strength of the console business there. Asia as far as console markets, really is – and Australia, New Zealand, Southeast Asia are really where the bulk of the console players is and Japan where the biggest markets, China and Korea, tend to be more PC, free to play and mobile. Our strength there has been partnering with third parties – Nexon in the case of Korea for FIFA Online 3 and Tencent in China. So we’re in early days there, but we see a huge opportunity, particularly to play off of some of our strong IP, not just FIFA, but games like Need for Speed. Our Plants vs. Zombies franchise is very popular in China and you'll see us focusing on both mobile and free-to-play games in those marketplaces through partnerships or through iOS and Android distribution over the coming years.
Peter Moore: The second part of your question as Blake said, it varies from genre to geography, but right now with the increased adoption of Gen-4, we’re seeing anywhere between 10% and 15% of our net sales through digital channels full game download and as we get into the holiday and beyond, we can only imagine that is going to increase. So we're pretty optimistic that that number will increase over the next few quarters as per your question.
Peter Moore: Just on that point, this is Peter, to Blake's point exactly, Ultimate Team for years has stretched out our engagement with FIFA all the way through to the next installment of the game. We haven't had that luxury with Madden, but in the last year and certainly our expectations for this year do exactly that. Post-Super Bowl, the numbers of engagement were superb and our retail partners were reporting strong catalog sales as a result of that. So we really feel now our NFL game feels like a 12 month a year service rather than a one-off game that is played three or four months a year.
Peter Moore: That's exactly what is happening. We’re seeing both empirical and anecdotal data that people now who are members of Access and of course, have access to games like FIFA and Madden, who've said that ordinarily they wouldn't have gone out and bought them, are now experiencing them and enjoying them and our belief is the next time around when the games are launched, they will actually buy them. It's turning into an incredible sampling program for us if you will, and obviously the value for money is there. As regards the Sony question, nothing to talk about right now on that, but I will say that EA Access is surpassing all of our internal expectations with regard to subscriber numbers and it's delivering exactly what we thought which would be a great way for gamers to get great value and experience more games.
Peter Moore: That's purely next gen. I'm referring purely to next gen what I talk about 10% to 15% and we are seeing that number grow. As Blake said in the outset, it varies by genre and it also varies by geography, depending on quite frankly, the quality of your Internet speed in downloading multi-gigabyte files. But we’re seeing each quarter that goes by as we ship more games, we’re seeing a steady increase in digital full game downloads.
Peter Moore: I'm reminded there is also the FUT web app, as we call it, which is a companion app that allows you to be able to manage your FIFA Ultimate Team via mobile, separate to the mobile game itself. But no matter where you are, 24 hours a day, you can manage that FIFA Ultimate Team mobiley.
Frank Gibeau: Yes, I think Blake said it very well there that the premium services side of the business, which is where the future is and where we are focused, is growing 35% in that quarter and in that year. It was largely tied to a timing issue. The products for sports came later in the quarter, and as you know freemium games don't have big pops initially like a packaged goods game. They tend to grow very nicely over time. If you look the individual products, we saw some very good results year over year on FIFA and on Madden. Overall, you saw in the case of EA SPORTS a jump of over 250% in terms of the engagement metrics. So if you look at a year-over-year comp between titles, you are seeing a lot more effectiveness in terms of the services that we are running, much better focus on value and engagement for our customers, and as you look at the way that the rest of the SKU plan and title plan will unfold over the next period of time. We’re very confident that those growth numbers will be possible. We’re very focused on that growth, but we want it to be oriented towards value and sustainability. So we’re always looking at engagement as the primary metric there to make sure that the products and services that we are building really hit customer expectations and create services that can endure for multiple years like we have with The Simpsons and Sims FreePlay and Real Racing.
Frank Gibeau: Just to add on, mobile Ultimate Team is really serving as the centerpiece for FIFA and Madden there and has driven the year-over-year gains in engagement and audience size. So, Ultimate Team works across multiple platforms and geos and has proven to be a great engine of growth for us.
Frank Gibeau: It's something that we are tracking and watching. It's a little early right now honestly to give you a definitive answer because the game on mobile is out and it's so new. What we've found to date is that there is a very loyal following that will play Ultimate Team everywhere, but a lot of the mobile activity is incremental to what we have already established on consoles and on PCs, which is great news. So, it's something that we will track over time and report back on, but early stages are that most of it is incremental.
Frank Gibeau: Let me take a couple of your questions in line here. As you noted, yes, MAUs have had a very nice growth trend, hitting 155 million in the last quarter in terms of monthly active users. If you parse out what Blake had called out earlier, the freemium revenues within that overall mix are actually up 35%, so MU growth and freemium revenue growth are both doing nicely. We’ve a lot more to do. We are proud of what we have done, but we know we can do better, but that's how I would start to think about how those two are trending. We still have a bit of this overhang of getting past the premium side of the business, which should be in the rearview mirror pretty soon here. As it relates to your argument about – or your question about CPI, one of the competitive advantages we have at Electronic Arts is we have this incredible diversity and portfolio of brands that have huge audiences out there, and we are able to organically attract people into those brands and into our network much more efficiently than a lot of other mobile gaming companies out there. So as the cost of install or the cost to acquire continues to rise, we have a bit of an unfair advantage in that our brands naturally attract and as well, we’ve a network that is very large in size. Last year, we installed over 635 million games, that generates an audience that we can reach out and touch very effectively and communicate with as they increase their engagement in our games. So if we can keep them in our network, that compounds the advantage that we have in organic acquisition. Those would be two of our offsets in a rapidly growing CPI world that other mobile game companies don't have and we're going to maximize those leverages. That leverage, by investing more in our network to provide more engagement opportunities and more value to our customers, at the same time as we release more of these branded hits like FIFA and SimCity BuildIt.
