Andrew Wilson: Thanks Blake. The gaming industry is strong, and it continues to grow. New genres have emerged and become massively popular. Free-to-play is reaching across more platforms and geographies. Subscriptions and cloud gaming are strong future growth opportunities. And above all else, great content continues to be the lifeblood of our industry. As Blake and I have talked about, we are experiencing a difficult second half of FY19. We're disappointed with our underperformance. We are confident in our overall strategy, but we are making deliberate changes to our organization, our operational processes, and our creative focus to address our challenges. Importantly, we are confident and excited by our incredible portfolio of strong brands, our talented teams, our commitment to live services, and our pipeline of new games. We have a slate of EA SPORTS titles that have performed well even in light of increased competition this year. FIFA in particular continues to demonstrate its leadership as a top title in the industry, and it is growing as a business. We will build on the continued success of our EA SPORTS portfolio with significant innovation and new ways to play in FY20. We have our deepest line-up of new IP in more than a decade. We're very excited about the opportunities we have with Apex Legends, Anthem, and Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order in the year ahead. We're also set to bring new games and live service content to some of our fan-favorite franchises. In FY20, we will have new games for our Need for Speed and PvZ shooter fans. We plan to bring a lot of great new content to the passionate and growing player base in The Sims 4, and we're focused on exciting more Battlefield players with upcoming additions to Battlefield V. We will also double down on live services in our top mobile franchises, while pushing forward with new projects and taking the necessary time to set them up for success. Our belief remains strong that the combination of subscriptions and streaming will be transformative to the future of gaming, and we are well-positioned for that evolution. Earlier this fiscal year we added a new frontline tier to our subscription offerings for PC players, and in the year ahead we plan to offer a subscription service on another major platform. We have a lot of great content coming in FY20, and we're excited for more players to experience it through our subscription programs across more platforms. Our industry is growing, and we know expectations for EA are high. As we take action to address our challenges, our underlying business is strong, our pipeline is robust, our teams have amazing talent, and we're confident for the future. With that, Blake and I will take your questions.
Andrew Wilson: On the second point, you mentioned Battlefield, I think it was tight and full that you’re referencing. We have continued to invest in Respawn, on which Respawn did the acquisition. They now have two fully stocked teams one focused on the shooter genre and one focused on action adventure. They also have the benefit of a lot of EA scale and central resources, groups like EA Digital Platform, content development services which is kind of content and Q&A, security publishing et cetera. And well, I don't have more to share on the particulars of what would come in for Titanfall. What I would say is Respawn are a tremendously creative team, they always anticipated that Apex Legends would be a spectacular game in the Battle Royale genre and that they would use that as a ramp point to continue to innovate and deliver a truly creative take on what Titanfall is in a premium context later on the EA.
Andrew Wilson: I think it's a really good question. And I think that there is certainly an element of the market and competitive nature of the market that amplified or magnified so much challenges we've had. If I think about Battlefield 5 more holistically, I think we did not do a great job of building momentum early in the project. And I think about this not just in the context of development but I think about this in the context about broader execution against the entire campaign. Our launch didn't resonated strongly as we would have liked it to with players and we were never truly able to catch-up and as our competitors continued to build momentum whether that was Fortnite or Red Dead Redemption 2 or Call of Duty we continued to kind of store from where we needed to be. I think you combine that with a move of the title, again I think that we made the right decision to move the title and service of the quality of the game and on balance those that bought into the game really enjoyed it and the game was better for that move. But the combination of a poor start in our marketing campaign together with what I think was a longer development cycle that put us into a more competitive window and the amplification that competitive window against some of those underperformance factors is how we resulted in Battlefield. What I can tell you is we've gone back and we just completed our global publishing and marketing meeting for the year ahead, just last week. And part of what we have done there it's having far more real conversations early on. Getting the center of not just the production cycle of the game but what is the craving center and how we bring that game to market. And you should expect that we will be more innovative and more creative around both AL marketing campaigns and how we bring games to market and more diligent in our operation against execution of the project plans around development of video games on a go-forward basis. I mean something we are taking very seriously across the full -- the full landscape of development.
Andrew Wilson: Okay. There is a lot in there. Let me start with marketing. I think what you have seen from us is some tremendous marketing across our portfolio, it is how FIFA was able to rise in the way it did through the year, it's how our sports franchises even in the phase of stiff competition still performed well. What I think when we go back and analyze what happened with Battlefield V and Titanfall 2, I think we failed to come to a true creative center of a campaign that was compelling for players. And we spent too long getting to that point. And by the time we got to lunch and we didn't have that creative center for the campaign, we had lost ground against that competitors. Our holiday quarter will always be competitive, in the past we have competed very well. What we have seen this year is that, we had some big misses early on and they gained momentum in terms of the impact ahead of our business over time. As I just talked about with Justin's question, what we have done is gone back and built a formal robust process around how we find our creative center, it's called the reason to play and Chris Bruzzo, our CMO, and his entire organization have restructured the entire marketing conversation from the inception of game development through full campaign. And we expect that will put us in a significantly better position on a go-forward basis. In the context of mobile and I think what you heard from us the prepared remarks is mobile is a tremendously powerful market place, it's a growing market place but we are seeing that it's getting harder and harder to break into that market. What we are seeing is that many, many thousands of games are launching and that only a few are finding success. And even great games are failing to break through. What we're also seeing however is that two things are becoming true. One is that additional focus on existing live titles can deliver tremendous profitability over time and you should expect that we will do that. We're also seeing that patience is important. Some our competitors are having their games in the market for 12 months or 18 months and building and adjusting to drive growth in that space, and you should expect that from us also. But what you did hear from us is that we will be focusing on best team on the big opportunities because in order to breakthrough gamers expect not just a really big brand, not just innovation in gameplay but they expect really big gameplay proposition and part of what we doing on a go-forward basis is focusing on some of those much bigger opportunities.
Andrew Wilson: So again, we think the cross play and cross progress is going to be a very important part of that future, and you should anticipate that we'll be doing more in that space. What AL information would suggest to us is that there is an tremendous amount of play across devices but that overrule liquidity in any gaming community is a good and positive thing even if it’s only a few people or small portion of the community that utilizes that. We absolutely are looking to that in the context of Apex and we'll be looking at that across our portfolio with time and we think about franchises with tremendously large communities like FIFA and think that they would absolutely benefit from cross play and cross progress as more and more people come into these big communities.
Andrew Wilson: Okay. I'll take the first one, you're right. There are a number of people or a number of entities working on streaming technology. We believe that is a good thing to the extent that we can massively increase the total addressable market of gamers and get to a point where 2.5 or 3 billion gamers exist, and they currently play in more devices can play in almost every device they own. We think that is a great thing. We also have technology that we have been developing internally that we think will actually be able to accelerate that through our partners and accelerate our ability to reach more customers through cloud service and cloud gaming. In terms of kind of platform growth, I think it's too early to tell what we're seeing right now with some of the players in the marketplace and it seems to be a competition for who can charge content creators less money to distribute their content. I don't know what that net out, I think that will be good for us over time. I also think that increased total addressable market, our potential for more liquidity platform royalty structure combined with our ability to offer a robust subscription offering to many, many hundreds of millions or even billions of players over time represents a very, very big and strong opportunity for our future.
Andrew Wilson: Well it is early, what I can say is that in the first 24 hours we had over 2.5 million unique users trending past towards 3 million unique users and nearly 600,000 peak and current users kind of in the middle of a Tuesday, so it's very early but the response to the game has been very, very strong. We've been the number one views game on Twitch since launch and player sentiment seems to be very, very high right now.
Andrew Wilson: And on China, I think as everyone would acknowledge, China is a very particular marketplace. We certainly see robust growth opportunities for FIFA but we also know that we did a small partnership deal around Command & Conquer mobile game recently that is performing very, very well in China. We know that the Plants vs Zombies brand is very strong in China as is the Need for Speed brand. And as that market continues to evolve and mature, we are seeing that brands like FIFA, brands like Need for Speed, Plants vs. Zombies, Command & Conquer and potentially The Sims, may have tremendous appeal there and working through plans on how we execute against that over time.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. So on live services remember it's a collection of items as we mentioned FIFA, Ultimate Team has largest quarter in history in Q3, Madden's continued to grow strong the counter is the offset in Battlefield 1 live services which are dying down as the tail of that live service is coming down. And we yet to ramp up Battlefield V live services and I don't, as I mentioned we don't have a large number in there for monetization on Battlefield or Anthem live services because we just don't know yet how those will perform. We're cautious that we want to not put too much revenue in until we really see that revenue. So hard to say now our goal is to continue to grow live services obviously and we think Ultimate Team still has a lot of room to grow and some of the things that we're doing with both the FIFA and Madden for next year should help continue to drive with Ultimate Team growth in those two products as well as I just mentioned possibly some upside from Apex and Battlefield V and Anthem. In terms of Anthem outlook, I think I mentioned five to six million units which is consistent with how we thought about it last quarter and we are comfortable with that based on what we're seeing and outcome of the demo. Both demos lot of excitement around and lot of interest people are realizing it is a game that's unlike any other game they've ever played. The opportunity to work with different suits, to fly, to go into the water I mean it is fabulous mechanics as you're playing the game, and people are enjoying it quite a bit. And so more to come as we learn more but we think there is a great opportunity not just this year for that game but that should sell well for a long period of time as we add more content through the live service plan.
Andrew Wilson: So again, Apex is a free-to-play game and so many players may choose and continue to play all the way through the game and earn in-game currency so that they can level up and buy new unique cosmetic items for their character in their world. There's going to be a couple of different modernization opportunities inside of Apex. There will be a revolving direct purchase option that will allow you to buy cosmetic items and at times buy new legends. None of those items will give you an advancement in play is not a play to win mechanic. It's really about differentiating game play and differentiating how you look in a world of a big and robust community. In addition to that there will be Apex packs which is similar to a loot box mechanic where should you not wish to purchase direct, you can go in and buy items as part of a loot box mechanic. There will be repeats in that. So there's a whole system to insure that you always get something of value and again all will be cosmetic and in places you will get things through the loot box mechanic that are at a cheaper rate than buying through direct purchase. The Respawn team have been very, very thoughtful around it, they've looked at a lot of great monetization strategies throughout the game industry. They've come at this with the opportunity to allow players who got to play the entire game for free, if they so choose, to direct purchase to get the things directly that they want, if they so choose all to use a loot box mechanic to experience that surprise and delight would have built in buffers and backups to ensure that players always receive something of value and that players aren't getting a whole bunch of duplicates through that system. I'm actually really proud of what team has done and I think what we're seeing from early feedback from players is that they're on to something really special that's wide variety of users again. We expect that many, many tens maybe at some point hundreds and millions of people will look play this game and it was important for them to think through it, they are completely proud of where they got to.
Andrew Wilson: Great question. First is that Apex Legend is being built from the ground up with a view that it has the potential to engage and entertain hundreds of millions of players. And when you look at the game and I was watching being streamed early today, that's mesmerizing to watch. When you watch great players like Ninja playing the game, it's pretty special and exciting to watch, one of the more exciting games I have ever had the fortunate viewing. And so you can see very clearly as you watch and you play the game, that there are going to be opportunities to take the game in different directions over time. esports will almost certainly be part of that additional game modes, the impact of additional legends over time, great view content will have an impact. As I said earlier, we are looking at how to take the game to mobile and cross play over time. And I also expect that this game will have tremendous value in Asia and we're in conversations about that. Some of those conversations as you might guess are new. We took a very deliberate strategy around how to launch this game. Again in a world where we have not executed as well on some things through the past six months as I would have liked, I think the development of marketing teams executed against this extraordinarily well and surprised a global industry. The development team was very cautious about building a completely different game and wanted to make sure by the time they launched this game into the marketplace, it would surprise and delight players maybe how to play from day one. Our marketing team will also be very conscious that when you start talking about the innovative nature of this game, the core play, the squad play, the in-game mechanics, the communication system all the things that Respawn has done that we wanted to be very careful not to tip out hat or show our hand to the competition. We're going to come out with a truly innovative and creative game. And we also knew that the break into what it is a very competitive marketplace, we had to do something truly innovative with the launch. I think the teams have done a tremendous job there and you should expect that we had very big and robust plans for this game and it will branch in a lot of different directions over time.
Andrew Wilson: And to the second part of your question around Battlefield Firestorm, we think that these while they sit inside the Battle Royale kind of genre, two very different types of experiences. What we've seen is the community who want to play these types of games is hundreds of millions of people strong. We think there is an opportunity to deliver the fast-paced play that is Apex Legends and where that game goes to a big part of the community. And then also the strategic play, the vehicle play, the things are unique to a Battlefield Battle Royale mode will offer differentiation of play for a different part of that community, and at some level there may also be some cross over. But given the size of the community, given the very different types of gameplay even inside the Battle Royale genre, we believe those two modes can fit very well together in the community.
Blake Jorgensen: So on the investment side, our view is we need to constantly be looking at the performance of all of our different lines of business and where those lines are performing as well as we want. We are focused on making some changes. We are focusing also on the pace of some of the investments, we're not changing our strategy, we're still following the notion that we’re building a subscription and a network world that's prepared for both the existing platforms and future platforms like streaming. It's just the question of the pace. We want to make sure that we're very focused on the most important thing which is great content. Without great content delivery models like subscription or platforms like streaming don't mean very much. So I think, think about our approach as trying to double down on making sure we're building and delivering content and great live services experiences across console, PC, and mobile.
Blake Jorgensen: And I’ll answer that first just looking at Apex Legend should give view a context of what a superior set of game developers sit in Respawn. This team of people is exceptional and the type of game they've built and the innovative level of that game. And second, you'll start to see in the next few months glimpses of the Star Wars game and I think you'll be blown away by what you see. We've played 20 plus minutes of it last week and it is exceptional in terms of its like level of polish depth and what living inside of the Star Wars world is a Jedi and I think people will be blown away by.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes, I'll just remind people that sports like it is in our core console and PC business is a critical component of long-term success in mobile I think life today we've generated over $1 billion in sports business and the beauty of that business is evergreen, it restarts every year and we're trying to continue to grow that with FIFA, with Madden, with NBA around the globe and that's the focus that we're going to continue to step into and trust we don't step up thinking we're going to hit a single or double we’re always focused on trying to hit home runs and we’ll continue to do that.
Blake Jorgensen: And on the M&A front, we're always looking at virtually every opportunity that comes through. I think Respawn presents an example of how it's worked extremely well for us, we've had great integration with their company and we're obviously seeing the fruits of that now and will continue through the next year and longer. Our view is continue to stay close to everyone, be in dialogue, so if there is opportunities that come up we're looking at those opportunities, we're always going to be focused on creating value for shareholders in our M&A discussions and sometimes private companies expectations on valuation don't match the public realities in the marketplace particularly in this last year as public market valuations have change dramatically for ourselves and others in the industry that hasn't necessarily been reflected again in some of the prior market valuations but we think over time that might and we want to make sure we're looking for some of the great properties that we know are out there and we're going to continue to do that. And part of the reason we're continuing to maintain the cash balance and the capital structure that we have is to be in a position to be at the table for any of those great properties that might come to market in the future.
Blake Jorgensen: On Online 3 to Online 4, I think Korea, as Andrew mentioned, moving people faster from 3 into 4 and starting to grow 4. China, we are being more cautious along with our partner Tencent but some of the regulatory hurdles are starting to get cleared across the industry which I think will help us speed up that transition from 3 into 4. I was hoping that it would be fully transitioned by the end of this quarter and clearly if not, we think it's going to probably continue at least through the next quarter or maybe early next year but we do view that the long-term play there is a positive one particularly with the growth of soccer in that marketplace.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes, fiscal year exactly. So we will give you more update when we talk next quarter but my hope is it's not a headwind for us next year and actually becomes a tailwind for us.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes, I mean both of those are pretty hard after one day only because we don't have a lot of areas to look to that actually pegged, it's different business than say our largest Live services Ultimate Team. Ultimate Team you have people are predisposed to spend because they bought the base game coming in, so the payer ratios I think as we've talked about are much higher than what you would see in a pure free to play game like a mobile game where they are in single-digits. Our hope is obviously we have high engagement and high number of users and the combination of those two things should drive what we believe is very profitable revenue, you are correct having all digital and having that come through either directly, our origin platform where there's no platform fees or through third-party platforms will help depend on what the ultimate profitability is but I think overall it should be very strong. It's just hard for us to size that market more to come on that over the next couple of months as we get closer to doing guidance for next year. As I said we put very little revenue into this quarter four because we just didn't know but by the time we give guidance in May, we will have a much better sense of what we think that will be based on the number of users coming in and then those users that are spending across the Live Services that will continue to roll out.
Blake Jorgensen: So you probably see obviously some growth there next year, if it's additive and successful which we think it will be, I think as Andrew was saying we're very excited about it, it's just so early, we don't want to put too much into the model yet and it's really not built when I gave that guidance earlier on low-single-digit or mid-to-low-single-digit for the total business that doesn't really anticipate a huge number for our live service business yes.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes, I will start Ben on the buybacks. I mean, we are two-thirds of the three quarters way through the first year of our $2.4 billion program which is a double of the last program, we've doubled our pace of buybacks and we're tracking to that. We will, as we have done I think consistently over the last few years review the buyback with our board at the end of our fiscal year and determine if we should continue on existing buyback or if we should increase it and that will be based on what our outlook is for the future as well as the cash flow generation. We spend less time focused on what the current stock price is, we want to be in the market every single day which we are and track to the buyback that we've made the commitment to the Street and we'll look at reviewing that each quarter as or -- each year as we near the end of the fiscal year so more to come when we give guidance again.
Blake Jorgensen: I just mentioned today in a tweet that they are planning on a premium product, we mentioned that today as well later in our fiscal 2020 that continues to evolve Title for our Universe. And I think there's a lot of exciting things on the roadmap that you'll learn more about in the coming months.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes, I think remember the packaged goods decline is really just that digital shift and the shift towards more and more parts of our business having Live services. I think the issue around free-to-play is to make a free-to-play game work well, you have to have a huge audience, we believe Apex has the potential of that but there are many games out there that sell anywhere between 3 and 7 or 8 million units that are very successful games but those audiences aren't big enough to support a free-to-play game like you see in Mobile for example. Typical mobile games we see 80, 90 million downloads of a client, that's how you make a mobile game work and a free-to-play economics work. We always believe there's going to be multiple models. There has been for many years, Asia's been primarily free to play but big games and big marketplaces but as you look at some of the more successful action oriented games of this past year like God of War, Spider Man, those are games that most likely aren’t free-to-play style games because they're not big enough to sustain those types of economics and we think people want to consume games in different way, some through purchase, some through subscription, some through streaming purchase, or streaming subscription, and some through free-to-play models across many different platforms. So we think it's a great way to continue to grow the industry, we think Fortnite help grow the industry another free-to-play games and this is an opportunity for us to try to participate at it.
Blake Jorgensen: And I hope we had a chance to talk to everybody in the coming days and I appreciate everybody's time and we will talk soon. Thank you.
