Andrew Wilson: Thanks Blake. It was a dynamic year for gaming and an outstanding year for Electronic Arts. Through the transition, I’m proud of what our teams accomplished in FY’14, and the position of our business today. We are the number one worldwide publisher on new consoles with great games like Battlefield 4, FIFA 15, Madden NFL 25, Need for Speed Rivals and Titanfall.  We have a portfolio of hit mobile games and a strong plan for expansion. We have exciting new PC free-to-play opportunities around the world. We are increasing profitability and investing in the future. Our digital products and services continue to grow and will account for more than 50% of our business in FY’15. Looking at the opportunities in front of us, I’m even more excited about how EA is lining up for FY15 and the years ahead. At Electronic Arts, we are committed to putting our players first. This starts with creating amazing games and services’ fresh, fun experiences that connect, inspire, challenge and entertain players all over the world. In FY15, we’re planning new games for console and PC, new titles for mobile and new experiences through our live services. Games and services built around fresh IP are a key part of EA’s future. Our teams are working on more exciting projects, including Star Wars, games and development at our DICE and Visceral studios, new titles from Bioware and Criterion, as well as new experiences from our EA Mobile studios. We’re also excited to announce that EA is continuing its partnership with Vince Zampella and the Respawn Entertainment team, building on our success in delivering Titanfall, the biggest interactive entertainment event of the year so far. Through a new publishing agreement, we’ll be working with Respawn to bring new Titanfall experiences to players worldwide. Amazing games and services must be built on a foundation of creativity and innovation, and we are committed to constantly involving not only the games we make, but the way that we make them. Our teams have a track record for driving innovation in games and they are pushing to achieve more. Across our studios today, we have teams rapidly prototyping ideas for compelling new experiences, and using shared technology stacks to quickly develop and test more creative concepts.  We’re also channeling innovation into our design processes, engineering new development and testing frameworks to enable each game we launch to perform at the scale of today’s gaming audience. With every game, every feature, every part of our live services, EA is innovating to pioneer the next generation of game experiences. Finally, we are also committed to continually engaging with our players and taking action, to ensure we are delivering meaningful and positive EA experiences. Our gamers are at the very center of our focus and we’re transforming how we connect, engage and act on their feedback.  Across our games and platforms, more than five billion online game sessions played monthly deliver game data that helps us evolve game experiences based on play patents. Millions of conversations about our games are happening on social networks and we are there connecting with these growing communities through dialogue and interactive content. We continue to prioritize and expand our capabilities in support so that help is readily available to our players when needed.  Through these interactions and many others, we are constantly in dialogue with our community, acting on their feedback and building long-lasting relationships between our gamers and EA. Our commitments are clear, our position is strong and new opportunities are in front of us. We have a lot of hard work ahead, and it will be an exciting year for EA. I look forward to seeing many of you at E3 next month, but for now, Blake, Peter, Frank and I are here to take your questions.
Andrew Wilson: I’d say its trending Colin. It’s a different game you’re primarily doing with Madden, a relatively smaller game. 32 teams in the NFL versus the 750 we have in FIFA, but the trends are great. One of the things that we have seen and as you’ve heard from the number, the 90% year-on-year growth is that traditionally we’d look at Madden and we’d look at engagement levels drop off precipitously post the Super Bowl, but reverse has happened here.  Because of Madden and Ultimate Team, because of the great work the team at Tiburon had done by providing fresh content, we’ve seen very low drop off post Super Bowl and it bodes well for us as we have this FIFA now, almost for 12 months a year and a NFL experience as we do a 12 month a year FIFA experience.  So engagement levels are high. The monetization will catch up, but consumers are loving it as they do with FIFA and obviously when we combine all of the Ultimate Team’s that you heard from Blake, $380 million in visual revenue, not only is it meaningful material margin rich, but also the engagement levels that drives is phenomenal for us.
Andrew Wilson: I don’t remember the last year Ryan. We’re obviously very bullish. I think the focus, the next few months is going to be the FIFA World Cup. As you’ve heard in the remarks, we’ve now shipped that in; a lot of anticipation to that title. As soon as the domestic leads finish around the world, the teams then will, the national teams would gather in Brazil and your going to see a great pick up of engagement levels on a global basis with that. With regards to a broader sports portfolio, I’d have to go back and look at what we said last year, breaking it down either by franchise or cumulatively. I’m not too familiar with what we did last year. Blake.
Andrew Wilson: I just want to make sure I’m answering the right question. There is about who we build for with respect to which platforms and eco systems and how that relates to our development contract.
Andrew Wilson: So, again we think about our world in a few key pieces. The first key piece is around the core platform that actually facilitates the engagement ID, commerce, data, infrastructure, security, game services and certainly what we are doing now is building towards a future that has great ubiquity of devices and great ubiquity of gaming and a platform that will allow us to move without game advice, wherever they might play, at any given time and any given geography or any different business model. The next thing that we’re really starting to think about a lot is how do we build an engine that is scalable from a six-inch screen to a 60-inch screen over time. So again, irrespective of where gamers are engaging with us, they are getting the highest fidelity in entertainment and you’ve seen what we’ve been able to do with the Frostbite 3 engine and EA Spots Ignite and certainly we’re starting to figure about how we built a scalable mold there and we’re investing against that for the future, so that it can move, irrespective of what size window or portal our gamers are playing through. And then lastly it comes down to our games themselves and understanding that the user base is expanding, the platforms in which they play are expanding and the business models in which they engage with our games is growing and we’re moving from a place where its simply two hour sessions or 20 minute sessions to scalable session times and game designs that can facilitate kind of two minutes to two hours.  And so what we end up with in a future of ubiquitous devices, ubiquity of gaming is a platform that goes with the gamer no matter where they are and in them that can deliver the fidelity of experience, irrespective of what size window they are looking at it through and games that are designed to be with them, whether its in a two minute experience or a two hour experience over time and we believe that if we can deliver that and invest against that now, then we’re in a very good position for the future.
Andrew Wilson: So I’ll take the one and I’ll pass to Frank to speak about Mobile. Oculus VR has done an amazing job in the realm of virtual reality and we’re eager to see how their headset evolves over the coming years.  For us, we’re always cognizant of emerging technologies, new opportunities and with any new technology its important for us to ensure that there will be an attractive install base before investing heavily, but they are certainly making strong progress.  Its also important to note that there are new peripherals such as Oculus, run common operating systems and architectures, its implacable for us and you know as we go to more devices and so what we’re doing right now is really monitoring the market place, where as what Oculus is doing, what some of the other devices are doing there and really thinking about that scalable infrastructure architecture I referred to in an earlier question and how we would pivot to a virtual reality, modality of play, if and when that becomes in high demand from our gaming base. 
Andrew Wilson: Yes, okay. So the Star Wars battlefront, the best I can say is its coming along very, very well. Frostbite 3 and the associated development tool set that comes with that has met the team has been able to iterate and drive innovation very quickly and get to a high quality quickly and certainly. There’s lots and lots of work to go. But we do plan to show more about and other new projects in development at E3 this year. 
Andrew Wilson: So I can’t comment on that specifically at this time. But what I would say based on what I outlined of a future that I believe is coming to us, which is this ability for gamers is to interact with games across multiple devices, through multiple channels, multiple business models throughout the day. You can certainly see that that modality of play might be important to a large populating of gamers, certainly in North American and around the world. 
Andrew Wilson: Yes. I mean what you’re going to continue to see and hear from us over the next couple of years, a lot of things around digital. I prefer we don’t hear that much about pricing, because I think that there’s lots of ways that we can create better content, more convenience without having to change our pricing structure.  But I do think what we’ll focus on is how do you deliver the gamer a much more enhanced experience and they can do that with far less friction; meaning, getting in the car or having to order a disk and we believe the market is shifting that way and we’re going to continue to focus on how we can help drive that shift by driving great game play.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, you talk about engagement and that’s exactly what we’re doing. We’ve doubled our monthly engagement levels year-on-year and we continue to grow. Obviously this year with the Sims 4 year coming up as well, we’re excited about how Origin becomes part of that tool set.  Its important to my organization, so its part of the publishing organization and I think it does a phenomenal job in engaging consumers. It allows us to be able to of course directly, commercially transact with them in the PC space and the more PC content we have the more powerful its going to be for.  As Blake will tell you, it’s a margin enhancing part of our business and particularly when you think of the Sims year coming up as well and of course we’ve had Battlefield and more recently Titanfall. So it continues to grow, we continue to invest in it. Its going to be an incredibly important part of our digital strategy going forward. 
Andrew Wilson: Yes, I mean we’ll talk a little bit more when I see you at E3 and I can maybe be bring in our team and if you want to do a deeper dive, I’m more that happy to do that. A lot of feature sets, we got a roadman, we are continuing to build the features in there, make it even more user friendly than it is right now. But yes, we can dive into that E3 if you have interest. 
Andrew Wilson: I can talk a little bit about share; its sounds like you’ve been reading my email. We have an I mentioned in my remarks, we carved off a lot of very experienced and high quality teams to go and rapidly prototype and we are taking about multiple prototypes per week and burning through them quickly, getting them into test, both internally with all of our employees as well as externally. So we see that focus on new IP rapid prototyping is absolutely vital to how we are going to succeed in mobile.  The big brands are important and it’s a good part of the portfolio, but right along side your going to see new IPs from us that come from this rapid prototyping, rapid testing endeavor that we’re embarking on and we’re pretty excited about it, because we have a vast network of engaged players that we need to get into position to introduce new IPs to them and new games to them. We couldn’t be more excited about it. 
Blake Jorgensen: I think what you’ll see is a continuation of what you saw this year. So moderation on R&D, trying to hold that flat and slight declines in marketing and sales as we continue along our path to become more efficient and shift towards more point-to-point marketing, social marketing, individual marketing versus Big TV campaign and I think the challenge that we have is we’re going to continue to try to manage down the OpEx where necessary, but balance that against investing in all the great titles we have coming in ’16 and ’17 and particularly the Star Wars franchise and some of the new franchises we have coming online. We don’t want to hold that back at all.  But I think we’re at a very good place and we worked hard over the last couple of years to really build a much more efficient structure. Efficient in a way we build games and the way we operate and we’re just now moving into the phase where we’re starting to just manage our business that way and continue to keep an eye on our costs along that fashion.
Blake Jorgensen: We set a new world record. So its only 35 minutes after we provided guidance and I’m already being asked for next year. No, we’re not prepared yet. I think we’re very focused on just continuing to execute and really drive great gains and we’ll start to give people over the next six to 12 months, some center view on the longer-term digital strategy for the company. We’re excited that we’re reaching the 50% mark in digital business and what we’re really focused on is how do we get closer to 100%.  We believe that there is a huge opportunity and that the business is indeed changing and we’ll start to help people understand what that might look like over time, but right now we’re focused on execution and its really making sure ’15 is a success and sets us up for a great ’16.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes, I think to Peter’s point that we’re seeing a similar situation in the NHL business, while its small as well compared to FIFA, the same type of engagement is occurring and we’re very excited about that and trying to make sure we’re taking those learning’s and using those across the portfolio.
Blake Jorgensen: The first part is, the key is we do see the continued gross margin expansion due to digital, but we also have a couple of titles that are now starting to bear royalties in the year, that we didn’t have in previous years. UFC is a royalty bearing title and as Titanfall grows, it will still infer to pay royalties to Respawn for example, as well as the royalties on our regular sports product and so that counter balance is some of the F1 trend and we’ll see continued growth, but we think it moderates.  I think we’ve already said that you know it will move closer to 70% over time, getting above 70% where we currently have the business mix as it is and it won’t be hard longer term possibly as we move to a much higher percentage of digital; we would most likely be able to move it above that, but for now we’re expecting somewhat muted growth in the year, primarily just because of the royalty issue.
Blake Jorgensen: I could probably give you a little help here. So last year and this coming year we’ll see similar trends. We’ll still see some muting in the growth of the core franchises back in the biz and full game business because of the Gen3, Gen4 headwinds. So I would assume that your core franchises are about the same size as they were this year, with a little bit of growth to the digital Ultimate Team. We’ll see some growth we believe in NBA LIVE. We’ll obviously have FIFA World Cup, which adds more than 2.5 million units probably. We’ll have USP in there and we’ll have the golf game that Andrew mentioned. So net-net you’ll see growth of the total sports franchise, but the core’s fifth franchise is probably fairly flat and then remember, NCAA will not be in this year. Its on a huge title, but it will create a small headwind against some of the new growth.
Blake Jorgensen: And its right, we talked a little bit about mobile, probably the most fast moving dynamic, high growth sector gaming right now and there isn’t one established formula for how to be successful in that category. Clearly our aspiration and frankly track record is that when we go after a market and go to the top we deliver on that, and that’s going to be our mission in EA Mobile.  If you look at what is really setting apart some of the biggest hitters in mobile right now, its how they operate and how they deliver live services around their games. Their games are live, they are social, they are vibrant, they are constantly changing or adding new features. If you look at the top 10 charts, many of the games that have been there have been out for months and months and months, including our own games, The Simpsons. The Simpsons was in the top five. And so we learnt a lot from the symptoms experience that we are brining to bear on the rest of our products.  But it’s the mobile market that is dynamic, its fast moving, but at the same time its really all about how you prep the game to launch and how you approach the live services and each of the competitors out there, whether its King or Supercell or Dunhill or Electronics Art, each have different approaches on that, but there’s some fundamental points that are important.  One, is the frequency at which you release content. It’s the quality of the features that you put out, it’s the morality of the game play and the game loops and its frankly how you use your acquisition marketing, your network marketing to build your IPs and frankly to introduce some new IPs along the way.  So I don’t think the book is written for how to be successful in mobile yet. There’s still a lot of experimentation, its very dynamic, and what works in Asia can be very different from what works in the west. So we are excited to get into this category in a much more significantly focused way and that’s our mission, to getting in to the top of the charts. 
Blake Jorgensen: I’ll let Andrew address the Start Wars title. But let me just hit on the buyback. I think we’ve at lease in the last few years we‘ve been committed to buying back stock. It’s a firm belief of this management team that we need to return cash to shareholders.  The biggest single driver was first driving returns. I think you got to make sure you can keep the horse before the cart so the heck whatever it is and in that case it was we needed to generate better returns and we doubled our cash flow this year and we plan to raise it again next year based on our outlook and we feel very confident that we are moving into a higher cash generation phase of our business.  In doing that, it builds confidence on our ability to be in the market buying back stock all time and that’s our goal; its to just be consistently up there buying and covering our dilution when we issue any new stock internally for employees.  I think the other piece of that puzzle which we mentioned in the prepared remarks was that we also repatriated some foreign earnings back to the U.S. at a very advantageous tax rate and that moved our balance of cash on shore tuna that would be greater than off shore, where historically its been the other way around, and that allows us to even fuel the buyback program that much more.  So overall really driven by the operations and we are going to continue to stay focused on that. Andrew, get the Start Wars question.
Blake Jorgensen: Well, we can talk about it being that its not announced, that’s basically what we’ve been saying and that there’s a gain in our forecast. What I would is I would think about it. The hold that we had to fill this year was essentially Battlefield sales from last year, if you don’t have the Battlefield in the year and so you got a hole that you got to fill.  The way we’re filling that hole is essentially new titles along the lines of FIFA World Cup, UFC, the Golf Game, Sims and Dragon Age. I would say that there was about two thirds of the hole. The rest of the hole we would assume was being filed by this new unannounced game.  We are highly conscious of the crowded slate in the back half of the year and what that means is its got to be a great game and its got to do really well, particularly on the new generation, boxes and are going to have to be unique and I think you will see all that E3 when you get a change to see the game. 
Blake Jorgensen: A couple of things you saw just during this past year you know, we introduced the great game here and TV for example more recently have done a program called On The House where we’re giving away some of our catalog titles to our really dedicated users. We took part of the Humble Bundle fund raising and had the highest. I think Humble Bundle sold $10 million, yes and some of that is obviously to get people to try Origin or to make sure we’re build a great relationship with our Origin customers and some of its just to make sure people are getting access to our games and every pivot platform that they want to and we’re very encouraged by where its going and we’re trying to keep our heads down and just deliver versus spend too much time talking about stuff. So hopefully you’ll see it in the numbers. 
Peter Moore: Yes, I mean as Blake said in his prepared statements, we’re seeing two to three times multiplies on what we saw in the previous generation for PlayStation 4 and for Xbox One. Depending on the games, depending on the platform, you can put that anywhere between 12%and 15%. So it’s not yet material, but it’s becoming an important part of our business going forward here. So that as I say is about two to three times the rate that we saw on Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 and we expect that trend to continue and of course its good for the consumer, as well as being good for us from a margin perspective.
Peter Moore: Hey Dough, its Peter. So the first question, we said standby for Titanfall and boy! did it land and landed phenomenally well. MTV has us at 925,000 units sold through, which is for the quarter; its unbelievable considering it only arrived on the Xbox One with PC with three weeks to go. I can also tell you that the Xbox 360 version is off to a great start as well.  As regard to the Map Pack, the first one me can be coming later this month called Expedition. We obviously have three planned. On top of that we’re doing the season pass as well, which is keeping the engagement levels there and our goal quite frankly is to keep this franchise as fresh as we do with our Ultimate Team and our sports, as well as we do in the Battlefield obviously with Premium and as Andrew mentioned, we have a new publishing agreement with the very talented folks at Respawn who have done a great job and Vince Zampella and his team need to be congratulated for what they’ve delivered so far. So we’re feeling very good about the digital engagement levels and hopefully we can continue to drive this franchise forward.
Peter Moore: Hey Mike, its Peter. I think there’s market share growth, but more importantly there’s market growth and as Andrew just so eloquently outlined, the ability for us to be able to deliver content on all of the new platforms, the ubiquitous broadband that we’re now seeing for connected devices, our ability to be there with the A-games and franchises I think is inherited even more so in this generation that we’ve seen in the last few years. So as we continue geographic and platform expansion, our mobile business continues to grow, so the top of the funnel brings more and more people who want to play games into smartphone and tablet play.  The 32 Play PC browser business continues to grow and we’re seeing quite frankly stabilization in our console business. Xbox One and PlayStation 4 are showing some growth. We’re up 127% in hardware sell through over the five months as compared to where we saw the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in the previous generation. So I think all of the key indicators are pointing backwards.
Peter Moore: It could be. I mean its fairly based. With the first few months in we don’t have a huge portfolio of titles as an industry yet that’s testing this. I think both Sony and Microsoft have made it more convenient for consumers to instantly hit the A button and start downloading.  From the perspective of what we’re seeing, it depends on the genre. I think the early adopters interestingly are as likely to one, a title on the shelf as they are to on that’s in their hard drives, but the technology is there. I think the gamer interest in direct downloads in going to be there and I think we’re going to see continued growth in this area.  Again, full game downloads is even more ubiquitous obviously in the world of PCs and we’re seeing that growth as well. So when we talk about full game downloads, we not only talk about consoles, but also the PC. But I think this percentage is going to grow, absolutely.
Peter Moore: Hey, JT its Peter. I can’t break down the individual titles. As I said and as you’ve heard two to three times in the last generation, depending on the platform, depending on the genre, depending on the game, anywhere between 12% and 15% of our total sales at any given moment. It might be full game downloads on those consoles and of course it’s a great percentage on origin, which type of fall is also available for. So all in all a growing part of the business, I can’t break it down right now by individual titles. 
Mike Hickey: Hey guys, congratulations on an awesome quarter. I’m not sure if you covered this already, but there is a MediaOracle on potential relationships with Comcast and allowing basically a streaming solution of many of your games directly to the set-top box or the TV. So I’m curious if you could talk about that or maybe not the specifics of the deal. Perhaps how you fell that sort of solutions to be productivity for your guys in the future. 
Mike Hickey: Okay, fair enough and then Blake on the, I realize you guys don’t want to talk about the unannounced game. I’m sure we’ ill see it at E3. But guessing its kind of first person obviously, any sense of the wait of this game as it relates to the guidance that you gave for the year and then perhaps under the assumption it is an FDS, the landscape here, you know for the holiday period looks to be pretty thick. Just maybe how you feel that games can differentiate themselves and still find success is that sort of competitive scenario. 
Mike Hickey: That’s fair enough, that’s very helpful. And then last one on the digital sales, obviously it looks like initially good traction here two, three times what we had on prior gen, but it seems like there’s some levers still really to pull here to drive greater adopting of digital, whether its pre-downloading maybe a loyalty program or pricing flexibility, maybe initially its to change behavior. How do you guys think about maybe being more aggressive or leveraging to pull to drive digital adoption and expand your gross margin? Thank you. 
