John S. Riccitiello: Good afternoon. EA delivered a solid performance in our first fiscal '13 period, hitting EPS guidance for the quarter. The EPS loss of $0.41 was at the high end of our guidance and $0.01 ahead of the Street. The quarter was marked by a series of puts and takes that reflected the strength and diversity of our business across multiple brands, channels, business models and geographies. The disappointing results of Star Wars: The Old Republic were largely offset by a powerful performance from Battlefield 3 Premium service, although revenue recognition rules will push this very significant EPS driver into our fourth quarter. Industry weakness in packaged goods was offset for EA by share growth on console and continued strength in digital, including on our own Origin platform. In the first quarter, 66% of our revenue was generated by online games and services. And finally, a sector-level slowdown in social network games was more than offset by share gains for EA. And we also saw double-digit growth in mobile driven by games on smartphones and tablets. What you're seeing is a strategic balance that none of our peers can duplicate. We have strength in a dozen great brands, strength in strong market positions across multiple channels and business models. In general the hits offset the misses, allowing us to keep our promises, meeting or exceeding guidance for 10 consecutive quarters and maintaining strong guidance of double-digit EPS growth in a very dynamic transition market for games. We have established solid fundamentals and a clear strategy for future growth. We're bullish on EA's future and today, we are announcing that our Board of Directors has authorized a share buyback totaling $500 million. With that, I will turn the call over to our interim CFO, Ken Barker.
John S. Riccitiello: Thank you, Frank. EA had another solid quarter. We have met or exceeded Street consensus in our last 10 quarters and have grown digital revenue and EPS in each of the last 3 years. We have a portfolio of proven brands and we have diversified our business, extending the reach, revenue and profitability of our major brands with high-margin online services and content offerings. Within EA, we have the talent to continue to drive both the art of content creation and the science of successful monetization. We have a rapidly growing audience of 0.25 billion users and we are building a technology platform to recognize each player with a unique ID and to service them across multiple devices. This has changed our relationship with the consumer from short, intermittent transactions to an ongoing connection that can last months, and we believe for years. EA is a company with an ambitious strategy for future growth, and we deeply appreciate the ongoing support of our shareholders. With that, Ken, Frank, Peter and I will take your questions.
John S. Riccitiello: I think I've got the easier of the 2 questions, it's like multipart anyway. So the platform, I'd say that we have virtually all of the underlying plumbing in place, meaning sort of the overall architecture for the day-to-day customer ID system, security in and around that, the principal features that we need. We bring that forward or manifest that with our Origin service, which is presently a PC-based business and also on mobile. You can see different aspects of this when you look at the advertisings around on our social and mobile offerings. And what you'll be seeing over the coming year is all of this start to merge into one more cohesive service offering from Electronic Arts. If you will, we might be shifting either from a series of products, say like a Warner Television more to an HBO in some of our offerings. In terms of where we are in the process, I'd say we're sort of 70% to 75% built and more in a category of 30% to 40% shown in terms of what we have.
John S. Riccitiello: Yes. One way to think about the year might be this if you're looking for simple and straightforward headlines. At the full year basis, the strength on Battlefield largely offsets Star Wars. And while the phasing is consistent with our expectations once we recognized we had a deferral associated with Battlefield, we recognized that not everybody in the Street would have an understanding, so we wanted to provide some clarity. Q3 is not as strong as last year. Medal of Honor, while good, won't comp well with Battlefield 3, which was a huge hit. And then we've got the 3 hits in Q4, one of which is essentially in the bank already and the other is pretty straightforward in the way of SimCity. So again, we like our guidance. We like to be able to hold our guidance. We're disciplined about delivering that. And there's a slightly different shape to the earnings curve this year than prior years for our launch schedule.
John S. Riccitiello: Actually, let's take this offline because you're giving a single point of a $0.15 range last time and you're putting a range around $0.15 range this time in our op income. And I don't think that's a comparison that quite adds up.
John S. Riccitiello: Well, we didn't do the math and get the same number you did. So I'm not sure how to respond to your question. We’ve maintained our earnings guidance up in the last call, and we haven't changed share count, so there's something that's missing on your numbers.
John S. Riccitiello: There was a question about operating income that came up a moment ago. I would direct you to go back to the slide we released a quarter ago and examine Slide 21 and compare that to Slide 14 from this year -- this quarter's release. You'll see that the net income numbers are within a couple of million dollars for the full year, so essentially exactly the same when you look at the range. And since the tax rate is exactly the same, the operating income is exactly the same. I think there was another issue with footing that we'd be happy to ask offline or respond to you offline. But just wanted to have that for everyone that heard the question, Slides 21 and 14 provide the data from our slides on our website.
John S. Riccitiello: Just for [indiscernible] listeners, most of our digital businesses have gross margins between 70% and 95%. And our packaged goods business is, depending on the property, in the 60s. And so we definitely get a pickup in gross margin as we shift to digital. But it depends on exactly what channel that distribution -- that digital product is in. A PC product on Origin has extremely high margin, lower on Facebook. But in general, we get a significant pickup as we move to digital. We've seen our gross margin rise over the last 4 years from approximately 49% into the low to mid-60s. And that's the question from Sean was essentially that, that the shift has been a mix of reduction in the distribution business and a drive towards the digital business.
John S. Riccitiello: We don't believe so. We're very bullish on our NCAA product going forward, and we welcome the competition.
John S. Riccitiello: And to add a little bit, Colin -- or Justin, I think it's fair to say that over the last 4 to 5 years, publishers have invested more on preorder incentives. And so I think, broadly speaking, preorders -- the direction of preorders is a good indicator. The magnitude of the increase is not always a good indicator. And I think it's just a function of the fact that people who've been investing to get to preorders. And that can just as show to you, if you will, the natural underpinnings of the value of preorder. Frank, I think, is going to address the question on...
John S. Riccitiello: In gamescom is when we do most of the rest of the unveiling. So we choose the major consumer shows as opposed to our quarterly financial results to announce titles. Thank you, everyone. We'll be ringing off. Appreciate your time.
Kenneth A. Barker: With regard to the overall guidance for fiscal '13, starting with the top revenue, we are giving guidance of $4.3 billion at the last call, and we're now giving revenue guidance of $4.1 billion to $4.25 billion. And that's a combination -- due to a combination of 2 things really. First is the FX rates. The move on FX has come down primarily in the euro and GBP. But roughly 10% since May, so that's had a $75 million impact. On the rest, it's a number of puts and takes. But Star Wars is the primary driver for the rest of that. As you go through the rest of the income statement, margin, there's a mix that impacts us there, but generally a little bit favorable there. And again, our cost structure, we're guiding that $2.2 billion in non-GAAP OpEx due to the FX as well as some effective cost management that we're working to. So we're able to hold the overall non-GAAP EPS range that we have provided at the last call. As it relates to the phasing towards the back half of the year, there are those 3 things that I talked about in our prepared remarks. The first is Battlefield 3 Premium. That is -- all of the revenue or all of the sales associated with that service in the first 3 quarters are being deferred until we launch the last expansion pack called End Game, which is planned for Q4. So that has a significant impact not just on revenue, but also EPS has had a very high margin, essentially pure profit hitting that quarter and it has an adverse impact for the first 3 quarters. The second was SimCity. There is no compare or comp in the prior year. That's launched on the PC. It's high-margin, it's high-profitable title for us. And so that has a good impact to us to that quarter in the fourth quarter. And then the last is we are seeing significant contributions to mobile and to social and PopCap's -- we're excited about what we see from PopCap in that quarter, and that's going to be a big driver in the fourth quarter as well. So that's driving that split between Q3 and Q4 to be roughly equal profitability.
Kenneth A. Barker: Yes. You are hitting it. In terms of the OpEx, we're shooting at $2.2 billion. And so there's that number guesstimated to where that number is. Our tax is holding roughly the same on a non-GAAP basis at 28%, so it's the impact. Revenue mix is a little bit -- is probably going to be a little bit different than what you've seen in the last quarter. So between the margin and the OpEx, that's where you're seeing some of the ability to hold our total guidance for the year.
Kenneth A. Barker: All right. So with regard to PopCap, while we said we were reaffirming the double-digit EPS accretion in the year, we indicated that the slowing growth or slightly slowing growth in the social sector is we're adjusting our expectations with regard to that. It is having a more challenging impact for them to be able to hit their earnout as we've made adjustments to that. That is where we're shaking there. We're still excited and bullish on the overall portfolio that PopCap brings to us, just they've got a little bit more of a headwind against them right now with the specs.
Kenneth A. Barker: We are getting -- I was explaining the net impact that we are getting the benefit from it. Distribution had more of an impact than just the 7 points. It was greater than that, but we are getting better -- the digital offsets, I just was clarifying, being tied to my comments.
Kenneth A. Barker: And on the title count, yes, there are 6 titles scheduled for Q4, 3 of which we’ve announced and are provided in our schedules.
Frank D. Gibeau: Well, this is Frank. I'll start, and maybe Peter can help add some color as well, historical. The digital business in SPORTS is up year-over-year. We're continuing to see strong growth trends in FIFA Ultimate Team and also from our free-to-play businesses in Asia. It's probably up double-digits. When you’re looking at how we've expanded digital this year in terms of a product offering, with the release of Madden and NHL and some of the other products, we've added that Ultimate Team style of gameplay, so we're anticipating that growth will come from expanding the offerings online to additional franchises. So as those products hit the market, we'll have a much better read on what the ultimate growth will be this year. But we're very bullish on it and it's been growing year-over-year very nicely.
Frank D. Gibeau: Yes. This is Frank. On Battlefield, we are aiming to have a product -- the next product in the Battlefield franchise in that period of time that you highlight. And with regards to Medal of Honor, we brought the brand back a couple of years ago in 2010 with the goal of building a sustainable long-term franchise that was positioned around the authentic experience of being in combat. And we were very proud of the first product. It definitely delivered on a lot of fronts. In a couple of fronts, it didn't. We weren't as pleased with the quality as we had hoped to be. And our goal with this version was to change things up a bit. We changed the tech base from the Unreal Engine to the Frostbite engine. We added some resources from our DICE Studio in Stockholm. And we've tried some very innovative things this time around with multiplayer and some other things. So we're tracking to grow the franchise from the prior version, the 2010 version. And our goal is to continue to have Medal of Honor as part of our portfolio going forward.
Frank D. Gibeau: I can take the second one first. This is Frank, and then Peter can comment on Wii U. The vast majority of our business is on Android and iOS, and the growth rates are extremely high, so we're very much focused there. However, we are approaching devices from Amazon and Microsoft in an opportunistic manner. So we're multiplatform. We're not wed to win one platform or another. And we're definitely working on ideas there to see how we can approach them opportunistically. And if they grow and become more significant, we'll be in position to ride that wave.
Frank D. Gibeau: Yes. Your question, what percentage of our digital revenue is coming from consoles. On a trailing 12-month basis, we're generating at about $1.3 billion in digital revenues, a little over $400 million of that is associated with consoles.
Frank D. Gibeau: It includes both. It's direct download of full product as well as downloadable content, like what you see with Battlefield and FIFA.
Frank D. Gibeau: I'll take the second question. This is Frank. The flip -- the pivot to free-to-play is really about opening up the top of the funnel and getting more players through and starting to claw back some of the folks that have churned. We anticipate that the mix between subscription and free-to-play are going to be balanced. But we don't see free-to-play revenues as incremental to anything that we currently have discussed on the call.
Peter R. Moore: Yes. I think the other thing is to Frank's point that the maturing of being able to put in the Ultimate Team mode into both football and hockey has been big. I'm just looking at some data here. If you look at FIFA 11 to FIFA 12, I know that crosses calendar years, but in FIFA 11, that generated $79 million of digital revenue, primarily obviously FIFA Ultimate Team. We're projecting FIFA 12, and it crosses over fiscal years, we'll do $161 million. So we're close to double year-on-year in FIFA alone, which of course is probably the lion's share. And I think what you're going to see is both Madden and NHL continue to grow that as they mature with their consumer base and the features they offer for Ultimate Team. And let's not forget Season Ticket as well, which is an online feature we offer EA SPORTS consumers for early access to content and discounts on DLC.
Peter R. Moore: Well packaged goods, as I think we mentioned on the call, we're seeing continued declines. I mean from our perspective, digital is where it's at, 20% increase in digital, single-digit declines in packaged goods. NCAA is holding well. And remember, we're in the seventh year of this generation when I think of going back from Xbox 360 in 2005. So our SPORTS titles are holding incredibly well. But from an overall perspective, we're seeing 25% increase year-on-year, which is a phenomenal achievement for Madden on the preorders. Retailers are very, very bullish about this title. I think you probably saw at E3 the new Infinity Engine. The physics in the tackles and all the motions the players have now are spectacular. So I think it's almost unprecedented that we're going into year 7 and we're seeing that level of increase in anticipation from our consumer base. Retail is delighted with the preorders we're seeing on Madden 13.
Peter R. Moore: Well, the 2 social examples, Brian, is obviously what we certainly call the SimCity Social, which right now has got over 10 million MAUs and we're only just a few weeks in market, full-blown on that on a global basis. And of course, The Sims Social is still averaging over 3 million DAUs. And we've made $50 million on that since we launched it last year. So those are the 2 best examples we have right now. We have a strong portfolio of digital titles for the fiscal year, 41 in total. Those are social, mobile and free-to-play. And we're committed to the 9 titles we're going to ship in those categories in Q2. So from the focus that we're putting on as a company, we do recognize that the growth in social is slowing down but more than being picked up with the opportunities in mobile in particular. And on a global basis, we talked about our success in FIFA in both Korea and Japan. So growth slowing down in social, big pickup in mobile, the application of world-class brands across these platforms is going to be the differentiator. And I think it's also important to note that as a company, it allows us to be able to spread our bets across different platforms. And we can up some investment where we're seeing platforms be successful and maybe ratchet back on others. So still very bullish on social. It's slowed down a little bit, but boy, we've seen some great pickup in mobile.
Peter R. Moore: Arvind, it's Peter. Let me take that first question. Yes, Facebook is making navigation and discovery of new games a little bit easier. And I think that benefits our slate coming into the marketplace over the next 3 quarters here. No real radical changes to what we're at. And as I said, the diversification of our business allows us to ratchet up what we're doing in the overall social, mobile, free-to-play market as we see the market paradigm start to shift. But from our perspective, certainly we're not increasing any guidance on social because of any changes that Facebook is making. I mean, we take great pride in the diversification of our business, but nothing that would be radically different or material to us because of any changes that Facebook is making. We're very happy with where we're at. We're delighted with the portfolio that's coming down the pike. And I think we're fine with that as it currently stands.
Peter R. Moore: And Arvind, this is Peter. The question on preorders. They are tracking to internal projections. So when I look at retail in Origin, they're actually up as we currently stand here, weeks out of launch versus where they were in 2010.
Peter R. Moore: There was settlement a couple of weeks ago, which was public for $27 million, which was public and you can read the details online, Sean, or happy to give you more details on that. Is this another one that you're interested in...
Peter R. Moore: No impact whatsoever. And clarification because some of the headlines are confusing. This does not impact us with NCAA. It simply means that at our next renegotiation, we can't sign an exclusive license. But we are very, very aggressively continuing to pursue the NCAA license for football, which may have to be on a nonexclusive basis. But there was some concern that this means we're out of the NCAA football business. I need to clarify that is not the case at all.
Peter R. Moore: Yes. Colin, it's Peter. Just on the Wii U. As you know, we announced Mass Effect on the Wii U to a great applause at the Nintendo press conference. As we stated, we're keep a very close eye on the platform. You're probably right in saying that it probably got a lackluster response coming out of E3. They're great partners. We never underestimate what Nintendo can do, as evidenced by the last generation. We've got great franchises that are poised to be on that platform right now. And we may announce something in the future. Right now, we've announced Mass Effect, and we'll probably leave it at that right now for announcements on the Wii U platform.
Peter R. Moore: I'll take the preorder question. We look at preorders as a key indicator from the perspective of being able to take what we think the first week of sell-through is, Justin. It often varies. Some consumers pick up at 100% level from our key retailers, thumb rule of that preorder $5 or whatever it is to the next title. So NCAA is the most recent one. We had strong preorders and we're seeing strong sell-through of that title. And as we mentioned a few moments ago, we're up 25% in our preorders year-on-year on Madden 13 and think that, that would be a key indicator for the strength of that title.
Peter R. Moore: Atul, it's Peter. I'll touch on the first question. Europe has stabilized nicely. As I think as we've been talking about in the last couple of calls, we lost a major retailer there. The slack seems to be picked up by other retailers plus a strategic buyer is reopening some of those stores in the U.K. It's a little early on FIFA preorders. We get a better indication over the next couple of weeks. But all indications are that when we look at both metrics anticipation, the feedback we're getting from consumers coming out of E3. And then perhaps most importantly, as you know, we're going into Cologne in 2 weeks for gamescom. We'll have a very strong indicator of the strength of that title. So stay tuned for further info on FIFA as we come out of Cologne the week of August 13.
Peter R. Moore: Doug, it's Peter. On the NCAA, we really don't start comparisons this early in the sell-through cycle of it, particularly as school is not even in yet. But we do see strong comps from year-to-year. So far, it's a long season for NCAA Football. It's a very strong holiday title. So whilst I'm not going to give you specific numbers, it's got off to a very good start. But this is a long-tailed title. NCAA really only kicks off for us from the perspective, been able to market aggressively against once the college football season starts. And again, very strong into the holiday period as well as both seasons in January. But so far so good.
