Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Blake. These are exciting times in our industry. Interactive entertainment continues to grow by every measure and our audiences are expanding and diversifying, major franchises are at the center of culture and entertainment, and the world is recognizing how games have the power to connect global communities. Our focus continues to be on our people, our players, on our amazing portfolio of games, content and services, and extraordinary growth opportunities in the future. Thanks to our incredibly talented teams at Electronic Arts, we are delivering entertainment to hundreds of millions of people around the world and connecting them through some of the most powerful and enduring franchises. With the breadth and depth of our business that continues to expand our network, deepen engagement, and drive growth in our recurring net bookings and ongoing profitability, we are well-positioned and strategically -- well-positioned strategically to continue building on our success and delivering for our players. As we look ahead and Blake just referenced, we were excited to announce yesterday that Chris Suh is joining Electronic Arts as our next CFO. Chris is coming to us after more than 25 years at Microsoft, where he served as Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Cloud and AI group, which he led with incredible success during Microsoft’s transformation to a cloud-first company. We have a big vision for the future, and in addition to Chris’ financial leadership of our organization, I look forward to having him as a strategic partner with extensive experience driving scale and growth to help us achieve our goals. As we announced previously, Blake will be leaving our team after nearly a decade of leadership at EA. Blake has been an incredible leader, partner and advisor. But most importantly, he is a dear friend and I feel deeply grateful for our time working together. His expertise and the team he has built have been instrumental in our growth and financial achievements, and have positioned us well for continued success. Blake will remain with us until the summer to assist with the transition and special projects. Thank you, Blake, for everything you’ve done and continue to do for our company, and again, thank you for your friendship. Now, we are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: Yeah. Great question. Again, we have a very bold vision for where this franchise go. This franchise has always led the category in creativity, innovation, scale, gameplay, community. And as we are coming to launch, again, we had a very bold vision for this game. As it turns out, we’ve had some challenges, not least of all, trying to build this game and provide this game from home, and so our focus now is really making sure that core experience lives up to our fans, the community’s expectations. Beyond that we’ll continue to invest and grow the franchise, we have great leadership with Vince and Byron, and others, with tremendous background from other great shooters in the industry, kind of leading the future. I believe that we’re going to see this game do really well over the course of time. I think we’ll expand to mobile. We will expand to other new interesting ways to play. But certainly this is just a moment where we take a pause and do all we can for the core game and the core community.
Andrew Wilson: Yeah. The very strength of our business is our balanced portfolio. We have both a deep and a broad portfolio. And what we’ve demonstrated over the course of our, the best part of 40 years is to really develop both our own IP over time, the Need for Speed, The Sims, Battlefield, Apex Legends, our BioWare franchises, we have Skate in development now, Dead Space on the way, so an incredible portfolio of own IP that has an extraordinary following across the industry. Combined with other long-term enduring IP, we have the powerhouse sports franchises. And they are true evergreen franchises and this is not just about licensing content. This is about working with over 300 partners across the various sports industries to deliver a true connection with the sports, the leagues, the teams, the players that our fans love. And we’ve been doing that now for well over 30 years and I think that we will continue to do that for many, many years in the future. And things like the Star Wars franchise, again, a long-term relationship we’ve had with Disney for more than a decade. And this is not simply about building or revisiting things that already exist in the universe, but really adding to that Star Wars universe and really delivering new opportunities for Star Wars fans to experience great Star Wars content. And so as you think about our strategy going forward and the strength of our company, it really comes down to our ability to develop and build and publish industry-leading owned IP, but also work with partners over decades to truly deliver fan favorites with long and enduring fan bases, like, our Sports franchises and like Disney.
Andrew Wilson: Yeah. Great question. And you should imagine we read this for some time as it turns out and part of the reason why we have built the strength in our broad and deep portfolio and why we have gone out in search of the best teams in the industry to bring them into our company and build great entertainment for our global player base, what is now well over 0.5 billion fans, is because we do believe in the power of entertainment. We just believe in the power of interactive entertainment. I think what we’re seeing now in the marketplace is the launching of the value of what we do in particular. And so, as I think about the attainment coming together, you’re seeing some other companies talk about this. But when we think about our players and we think about the things that they engage in, they play our games more than any other form of entertainment, but they also consume linear media and scripted entertainment and sports broadcasts, and music and other things. And so, as we look at the future, we are building strength in our whole ability to live interactive entertainment to our fans, which we think will continue to grow well north of a 1 billion fans over time. But we’re also aware that our fans are expecting us to find new and interesting ways for them to experience entertainment. And so, as our -- as we think about the future, you should think about it with IP at the center and engagement around play, watch, creep, social ecosystem that brings that they love. And when you look at our strategy of what we’re doing around in great -- creating great entertainment, around building tools, so that now community can engage more deeply, around the aggregation and distribution of content across platforms, across business models, across geographies, and really leaning into the social ecosystem to the board out of engagement in our games, I think you should imagine that’s what the world look [Technical Difficulty]
Andrew Wilson: Yeah. So, I think that, you remember coming into the launch, the demand measures were very high, influence for us. The core underlying created for the game still has really strong demand around it. And we -- as I mentioned, we had some challenges around stability, particularly on high end PC machines and performance and there were some design decisions, but not all the community really agreed with. And so our focus right now is to really go back in and make sure we get that stuff right. And as much as I hate to admit it, DICE’s the studio that has been able to do this a number of times now and really go back and rebuild at the core and reengage the community, as long as we do that in conjunction with a committee. That’s what that studio was so great at doing. So I think the combination of DICE with the new leadership and a strong vision for the future, we will build out the core, we will reengage the community and we will manifest that demand that we saw coming into launch over the course of time. Mobile is still developing, the metrics are showing up really strong. I think, right now we’re looking at going into the next closed beta at the end of this month, and as is the case of mobile, we need to choose and test in the environment. And then as it relates to free-to-play and other modes of play, again we have a big bold vision for this franchise. This franchise since its inception has been a leader in creativity and innovation was how it’s played and how it’s delivered. And you should expect that we will continue to work to deliver new and interesting ways to engage with this game over the course of time. And while I’m disappointed with how it launched, I’m still very excited for the future.
Andrew Wilson: Yeah. Great question. I will tell you, I started this industry over 20 years ago. At that point in time it was the fastest growing entertainment industry on the planet by a wide margin. I think it has been the fastest growing entertainment industry on the planet every year since then. But still people seem to be surprised by this. So we’re not surprised by it at all, and I think, as technology has continued to evolve, we have been able to deliver new and interesting and fun ways to engage with content. And what we’ve seen more recently is just how powerful the social ecosystem, the social networks bought out of engagement in our games truly are amazing. Now -- it’s not now just about ingesting entertainment the same way we do traditional scripted media or traditional broadcasters, usual music. This is about experiencing entertainment with your friends and that’s unbelievably powerful. I think that has been really the fuel that has driven the growth in recent time. As part of that, of course, the ability to create your own content and put it into that ecosystem has become a really valuable part of, of what our industry offers to our players and our fans. The traditional media just doesn’t and this is something that we hold true. Again, it’s been at the very center of The Sims for a long time. It’s at the very center of mode like FIFA Ultimate Team and Madden Ultimate Team, to the very center of the design of Skate, which we’ll be launching soon. And so this concept of UGC or user-generated content is really just an extension of the social interaction that I’m able to have with my friends in and around experiencing what is the best anytime on the planet. And so I believe that’s going to be a really important part of our future. Now, to the extent whether we want to build that out or buy out over time, right now we are building, we’re building technology, we’re building credit, we’re building assets with we’re offering that out to communities around the world and we’re seeing great uptake of that. If there was an acquisition opportunity in the future, we would openly look at that, but we don’t -- we’re not looking at anything at this juncture. Around the NFT and where VCs are investing, again we see this also happened our industry. We start with 3D, we start with AR/VR, we’re now seeing with MCs. There’s always something in and around our industry that is driving a lot of external investment. The way I look at this is, collectability is really built on four key metrics. It’s around high quality content, it’s around scarcity, it’s around proof-of-authenticity and it’s around a group of people that find value in that content. And we’ve seen that happen in the real world and we’ve seen that happen in a virtual world. We’ve certainly seen that happen in and around our games for some number of years. And I believe that collectability will continue to be an important part of our industry and the games and experiences that we offer our players. Whether that’s part of the NFT and the blockchain? Well, that remains to be seen. And I think the way we think about it, is we want to deliver the best possible player experience we can. And so we’re going to -- we will evaluate that over time. But right now, it’s not something that we’re driving audience.
Andrew Wilson: Yeah. Again, we are working closely with Glu. It is still relatively early days with the acquisition for both them and Playdemic, and we are working both on bolstering our existing 15 live services and building out new ones. And as per my prepared remarks, we’re projecting well into double-digit growth next year and that includes Apex Mobile and renewed FIFA Mobile, and a full year of Golf Clash and ongoing growth across the portfolio and we’re excited about that. With respect to advertising, specifically, we are taking the Glu advertising stack and applying it across our games. And it’s little early to know just yet exactly how that will manifest, but based on what we are seeing across the industry, we expect that that represents some revenue growth there also. So, overall, mobile now really is a strength of ours. It’s a very important part of how we drive growth in the business, both in our existing games, in our new launches and with the potential of mobile advertising across the portfolio.
Andrew Wilson: On engagement through or post-COVID, depending on how you think about it, I think we’ve been on a rolling situation around the world of kind of coming back and shaved down a little and coming back. Broadly speaking, though, much of the world is out and about, they’re at sporting events, they go into theme parks, they’re watching movies, they’re going to dinner. So much of the world has returned mostly to normal at this juncture by our calculation. Even as part of that we’ve seen not only number of players grow, again, over 540 million people now on our network, we’ve also seen time spent in our games grow by over 20%. And I kind of look to that as not just about creating amazing games, entertainment, but it is the social interaction. I think what COVID has taught us is that games are a great way not just to get our entertainment fixed, to remain deeply connected with our friends and fans and rivals. And what we’re seeing now, I believe, is actually the long-term effect of the discovery of not just the value of our of what we do in terms of entertainment, but also the value in maintaining connections with those we care most about and we would expect that to continue and actually create a flywheel for added growth.
Andrew Wilson: Yeah. I mean a great question and certainly another one of these things that is kind of a topic gives you at the moment and many people are talking about it in different contexts, quite frankly. At the end of the day, the metaverse is a three dimensional social space where you come together to experience things with your friends. And so now much of that happens in the two dimensional internet around the social networks that we see. But I will tell you, a lot of that happens in the context of our games. And as I look at the nature of our games, I look at the engagement that we’re seeing inside these 3D spaces that we create in and around sports and other worlds. What you see with our industry is the beginnings of what a metaverse might be. And over the course of time, you should expect us to continue to expand and extend the world that we have been creating for the last 30 years and deliver more experiences beyond the core consider the game. So what can you do in FIFA beyond playing football? What were you doing Need for Speed beyond driving the game? What will you do in The Sims as you come together with your friends beyond the creation of content? And you’ll see that continue to evolve for us over the course of time. And I don’t know ultimately what the metaverse will become. But what I do know is the games we create are becoming more important as social spaces and they are just as places to enjoy great entertainment as we continue to build out those experiences and as whatever the metaverse becomes it’s an almost certainty that we will play a very important role in it and that our players will be on the leading edge of the evolution of what these spaces might become.
Andrew Wilson: Yeah. Let me quickly hit on the EA Play component and then I’ll let Blake talk about the mid-to-high single-digit growth. EA Pay continues to grow for us. It continues to be a really, really positive consumer experience, getting access to some of the greatest content in the industry. What we see more broadly across entertainment is its subscription continues to be a core driver. And what we’re able to do is drive ongoing engagement, perhaps, in a way, even it -- the stronger than traditional linear or scripted entertainment. I think that you’ll -- we will continue to see consumers engage in our content through subscription and we will continue to provide our content that way and I think we’ll start to see more and more growth across platform. We continue to be the leading provider of a gaming subscription across platforms in our industry, and with the depth and breadth of our portfolio and the new experiences we have coming. We believe that we’re going to continue to drive growth. And over the course of time back to my earlier point around entertainment, you might expect us to do more things beyond just games in the context of that subscription around a broader service for our clients and we’re pretty excited about what that might become over the course of time.
Andrew Wilson: Yeah. So let me start with Madden. Madden is also having a great year and we’re seeing tremendous growth. As you know and then for all of you who follow the season, this has been an unbelievably exciting season of football and what we know…
Andrew Wilson: …and let’s -- well, and what’s exciting for a second, the playoff games and the season overall has been an unbelievably exciting game. The ratings for the NFL have been extremely strong through the year and that’s driving really strong engagement in and around our Madden franchise and it continues to go from strength-to-strength.
Andrew Wilson: Yeah. And one thing, I just remind everybody, and we may have already said this, but I’ll say it again. We shipped last year order due to the pandemic. We delayed it three weeks to move it into the third [Tech Difficulty] this year and the second quarter. So when you look at the growth of the third quarter, knowing that that didn’t include the initial shift in a FIFA, it’s almost hard to believe the strength of the business. And so I just want our people not to forget that and we’re not going to provide numbers or details around that exactly, but just know that the situation we are having moved [Technical Difficulty] back to the second quarter. It’s pretty impressive.
Andrew Wilson: Well, some detailed questions and the great question. So thank you. On Apex, again, as we -- as the teams put together these seasons of content and they think about that new content, a new modality to play, a new ways to connect. Remember, Apex is now well over 100 million clients. So there’s no one size fits all component that really attracts new players or engages any broad group of players deeply. I think what the esports team and the Apex team in particular have been able to demonstrate is they work very close with their community. They deeply engage with their community and they are delivering content modalities, applying maps, these things that really speak to what the community are asking for and what we’ve seen since the very beginning of the launch of this game is them being able to work in a very calculated way around the delivery of really interesting new content, new maps and new models apply on a season by season basis that has continued to grow the overall player base, continue to grow the overall experience, continue to grow the engagement that play base has with the experience and the investment those players are making as part of their engagement. And so we’re very excited about that.
Andrew Wilson: No. I think what -- based on exactly what you just said and what we’ve experienced, there is -- video game IP or interactive entertainment IP is now some of the most culturally relevant IP in all of entertainment and I think that’s going to continue to grow. When you think about hundreds of millions of fans engaging in and around the IP we create, like, Apex, like, The Sims, like Need for Speed, like, our BioWare franchises, like, Dead Space, like, Skate. It’s not a natural to that to spawn kind of a scripted entertainment element. I think traditionally, the scripted entertainment elements in our industry have not been big revenue drivers themselves. But where there have been a high quality, they’ve lifted the overall engagement the franchise more deeply, so there’s kind of a one, two punch that drives growth in the business. I think as we think about our future, we do believe that this thing that we do that is interactive entertainment is becoming more and more important on a daily basis to all things, and that our fans are going to want to experience that in many different modalities and some of that might be scripted entertainment in nature. And you should expect that the way we’re looking at any and all aspects that allow us to expand and expand our brands for our fan base. But we’re doing it very thoughtfully, and again, as part of our strategy doing it profitably.
Blake Jorgensen: Sure. Let me -- Mike, thanks for your nice comment to the other analysts as well. Unfortunately, I’m sure I won’t get as much skin as I would like. But we’re going to refrain from trying to give updates there. Remember, Battlefield is less than 10% of our revenue. We sold less units than we thought we would. But what I would say is that, remember these [Technical Difficulty] and so our goal is to add new excitement to stretch this out. And in some ways, we hoped it benefits FY 2023 since we’ve had a pretty strong FY 2022 and so it helps us in the future. I’ll let Andrew address the second part of your question.
Blake Jorgensen: So let me -- I’ll start on the live service piece and then I will let Andrew hit the second question. Live service growth in the quarter was 9% and trailing 12 months is 21%, and that’s across all of our live services. And so, if you look at something like Apex or FIFA, they’re clearly well north of that. And we feel -- continue to feel it is one of the cores of our business, because it is reoccurring and highly dependent on the social networks that we’ve created in our games, and particularly, on sports, those are evergreen networks that continue every year. And so the metrics we see are exceptional up well over last year. If you look at the Apex numbers, as we reported, the dramatic improvement year-over-year and everything they do is continuing to try to drive engagement with people that brought a large number of new players into the game or obtained players and continue to come up with amazing and unique ideas for ways to play. So we’re very excited about how that continues and it continues across all of our sports, and we’re looking as to how do we do that across more and more games going forward. So I’ll let Andrew talk about Glu a little bit.
Blake Jorgensen: Yeah. I can take the OpEx question quickly, Drew. I mean, clearly, most of that was driven by two things; one is, our acquisitions, probably, the biggest driver of it; but second is, driven by the fact that we’ve used this opportunity of some questions in the gamer community about which companies are going to be around and which aren’t, and we’ve been able to hire some amazing talent during that because of our stability. And so that doesn’t continue on forever. Obviously, the acquisition growth is a one-time component, sorry. So, I think, we’re -- remember our OpEx is really comes down on two things, headcount and marketing expense. So the marketing expense will swing by the titles that are in any one year, but we’re pretty good at managing that. And the headcount we’re also very good at managing and so I don’t think you’re going to see a jump like we’ve seen this past year. But remember, even with the OpEx growth that you see, look at the Q3 EPS number. I mean, clearly, we’ve been able to manage that even with a downdraft of $48 million in revenue that we didn’t originally plan. And so we’re a pretty flexible organization to be able to try to manage that to keep margins going and so I think you’ll see that going forward.
Blake Jorgensen: And on the 2023 question, obviously, as we said, we’re not yet ready to give guidance, which we normally don’t do at this time of the year, but we did give some hints. And the keys to driving growth are obviously our core portfolio, things like FIFA, for example, and live services is associated with it, bat and hockey and other sports. Apex Legends, obviously, has continued to evolve and show an amazing growth. We will have an Apex Legends Mobile game in the market. We don’t know exactly what time that will be and there’ll be a global build for that game, as well as the Chinese build for that game. And we’re working with a partner there and things are going very well in test, but we’re excited about that as a major growth driver. We will have more growth we think out of the FIFA Mobile game that we just put into the market. And remember that we only had our book, really a half of year of Playdemic Golf Clash game. We’ll have a full year event next year. And we’re working with Playdemic on how they can take that Clash mechanic into other sports areas where we have licenses already. And then we’ve got a Need for Speed game coming and there are three or four more things to that we haven’t announced yet, but you can imagine we are always trying to find ways to grow the portfolio year-over-year through new titles, new IP and expansion. And as well, acquisitions, which right now we’re in the digest mode, but doesn’t mean that we won’t keep looking at everything going forward. So we’re excited about next year. It looks like a strong year to come. And as Andrew said, we know that this is one of the greatest entertainment vehicles in the world right now until we’re really in the sweet spot and that’s what gets us excited about it.
Blake Jorgensen: With respect to what drove engagement, again, we have this great portfolio and while we certainly saw extraordinary growth in Apex Legends, we saw a great growth in FIFA. We also saw growth across the portfolio. And on -- Apex was 30%, FIFA was our esports portfolio was up 10% on what is a very big number. But we’ve seen growth across the portfolio that speaks to the value of the breadth and the depth of our portfolios. In terms of lag between engagement and monetization growth, which I think was one part of your question there. I don’t have exact numbers for you on that. What I would say is our teams work very closely with the communities and ensure that they’re always providing new and interesting content. And what we know about all of our communities they play and they make a choice of do they want to invest more time or do they want to invest more money in the experience and it’s really the ability to build that balanced ecosystem that speaks to the strength of our live services over time. And so it’s a very symbiotic relationship that happens between the investment of time and investment money over the course of the experience and our teams have become very, very good at that and work very, very closely with their communities to drive it.
Blake Jorgensen: And then, with respect to FIFA, again, this is another team that has demonstrated the power of working very closely with the community in and around a live service. Football, soccer, as we call it in this country continues to grow the leagues, the teams, the players are going from strength-to-strength in popularity. As -- we have over 300 licenses in the game and answering the partners that we work with in the provision of what is a growing, broadening, deepening experience for our player base. And as the world of football grows, as we build our fan base, again, if you think about the fan base we have for our product or our service, it’s the largest digital football club in the world with well over 100 million fans and we work very close with that fan base around their ability to experience football in a way that’s most meaningful to them, around their league, around their teams, around the plays and love. And the reason we are always continued to drive growth in and around that franchise is because we do work very closely with our global community of fans and we are delivering them again, content gameplay modalities of play that is most interesting and most exciting to them, and connects them most deeply with the sport they love and the fans they love it with.
Blake Jorgensen: Thanks, Doug. Look, I think, that’s the last question. I appreciate everyone’s [Technical Difficulty] support us and I’ll be around for a while and make sure that we get our new CFO fully on board, and as I said, he will be much better than me. So everyone stay healthy and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
