Andrew P. Wilson: Thanks, Blake. We are entering a new global age for games, with a growing audience that spends more time playing games across more platforms than ever before. New consoles are being adopted faster than the last generation. Mobile continues its global expansion. New delivery and business models are poised to break through on consoles and PC, and there's huge innovation happening in game experiences across every platform. Players are at the center of this new era, and our focus is on building long-lasting relationships. As humans, we all need entertainment. For our players, we are delivering the best form of entertainment. Through amazing new games, dynamic and enduring live services, vibrant communities, and meaningful dialogue, we are enabling their passion for inspiration, immersion, competition, social connection, and fun. The passion we have for that opportunity, to lead this new age of gaming built around our global audience of players, is what will drive us in FY 2016 and beyond. With that, Blake, Peter, Frank, and I are here for your questions.
Andrew P. Wilson: Okay, I'll take that, two great questions. One as it relates to streaming, streaming is a technology that's still in its infancy, I would say. Certainly, we have a few incubation efforts going on around the company to see how best we can benefit from that. But as you think about our core objective, which is to build more relationships with more players across more platforms around the world, streaming certainly represents an opportunity for us. Lots of work to go there in order to deliver the kinds of experiences we believe our players want to play, but certainly we have efforts going on. As it relates to data collection, we are collecting – I heard one stat once that we collect more data on a daily basis than the combined U.S. Library of Congress, which as you can imagine, is a lot of data. At a more core level, what we're starting to understand better about our players is how engagement works, how engagement works where a player engages on more than one platform, how engagement works where a player plays more than one franchise, and the effect of engagement over the long term as it relates to the likelihood that a player will continue and buy the next version of a title provided we can keep them playing over time. So there's a lot in our data right now as it relates to our players. We are using that data: one, to build better games; and, two, deliver more enhanced and extended and engaging experiences over time that keep them playing and entertained for longer.
Andrew P. Wilson: Overall, we're very happy with the speed at which this console generation has been taken up by players. As we talked about in the prepared notes, it's much faster than the last generation. We would expect close to 50 million consoles by the end of the year, and that's a meaningful install base for us to build games for. And the level of engagement we're seeing on a per-game basis is also very, very high, with people engaging in the live services that we're building around our games for much, much longer than before. As we think about retail versus full-game downloads, certainly we've seen growth in that area. It varies from geography to platform. But on a Gen-4 game like Battlefield Hardline, in the West we're seeing nearly 20% numbers, and we would expect that growth to continue. We've seen a dramatic increase in PC downloads since 2010. And we believe the same forces that drove this in PC are at play on this latest generation of consoles. And so as bandwidth increases, lower-cost storage increases, we would expect continued growth in this area.
Andrew P. Wilson: We always give this stat on every call. We're up 51% over the same period in Gen-4 versus Gen-3. So 17 months since launch the install base of Gen-4 consoles is now up 51% versus the same period for Gen-3.
Andrew P. Wilson: On virtual reality, again, I would say that this is a technology that has the potential to profoundly impact our industry over time. I think the notion of immersion as a key motivation that our players are looking to fulfill when they play our games is something that could certainly be well fulfilled through the notion of virtual reality technology. As a company with creative innovation as one of its core pillars, it's very important that we stay ahead of this. And as a result, we have some clear and focused investments in the space. As you will know if you follow this, there are a number of different potential providers and manifestations of virtual reality right now that go everywhere from wearing a pair of goggles to a holographic type experience, or to a room overall that you step into. We are looking at any and all of these things and have a few incubation efforts going on around the company so that as this begins to manifest itself, we are, as a creative and innovative company, able to lead from the front.
Andrew P. Wilson: So again, as someone who grew up making games in this company, making games is hard, building fun is hard, and getting that right on a day is even harder. And what you saw over the past year was our commitment to players in building great properties and the willingness to make hard decisions around that. With that said, there are any number of things that might contribute to a miss or a need to move a date. As it relates to Star Wars Battlefront, I would say as it stands right now, we feel very, very good about the trajectory and the velocity of the development team. They're building on platforms now that have been in the marketplace for a number of years. They're building on the core engine that has launched a number of products, including Battlefield 4, Battlefield Hardline, Dragon Age: Inquisition, all of which have been great properties. And they're a tried and tested development team who have a very, very clear focus and understanding of the type of game they're making. The game is fully playable. We released a gameplay trailer a couple of weeks ago at Celebration, but some of the inside community also got to see a fairly lengthy full gameplay demo, which is very, very exciting. We look forward to showing more of that at E3. But as it stands right now, we feel good about the trajectory and the velocity and our ability to ship that game at the appropriate time this year.
Andrew P. Wilson: I don't think there's anything out of the ordinary, I think we treat every game launch with security, stability, and scalability of paramount importance. Certainly as we talked about in the prepared comments, we learned a lot coming out of Battlefield 4. We've launched a number of very, very large-scale titles on our infrastructure since then and have performed very, very well by market standards. Dragon Age: Inquisition launched. Battlefield Hardline launched, so we've been making significant investment into our core infrastructure around security, stability, and scalability. Game teams have been making significant investments in terms of development process and QA around that. So while we can never foresee everything, we have demonstrated now that we've learned from some of the things that we've gone through over the past. And we don't expect anything unforeseen or different with respect to Star Wars than we have around our other giant titles.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So thanks, Colin. The first question on our guidance for OpEx, we're actually saying, as we said in the script, roughly $100 million of investment that we're making. It's flat because of obviously the FX impact on our international based investments. I think we're making substantial investments in new IP, in mobile IP, in our game engine to try to continue to expand cross-buy across multiple products and in our underlying infrastructure. We're continuing to focus on making marketing more efficient and effective by leveraging our digital connection with our consumers, and that will benefit us in our marketing expenses. But I guarantee we'll continue to support our brands in a fairly healthy way. I think we're making the right investments going forward and it will continue to help drive the top line of the business and the effectiveness of our products.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yeah, we certainly hope that we can leverage a lot of the hype. We certainly have done that so far, and we've got a great partner in Disney and Lucasfilm on that. They're very excited for our title as well. For us, we're thinking about it with two bookends. One bookend is the historical Battlefront, which did roughly 9 million units. The other bookend is our core first-person shooter franchise of Battlefield, which typically does around 15 million units. So I think in our guidance, we've roughly put in there roughly 9 million to 10 million units for the title, with we believe some upside obviously if things goes well. It is Gen-4-only and PC, and so that needs to get factored into people's thinking, but it is a very exciting title. It will put, as we said in the script, some pressure on gross margin in the quarter. We've been trying to target 100 basis points of gross margin improvement, and this year we're forecasting roughly 50 basis points, and much of that is due to the fact that there's a royalty on that to Disney. And at a level of 10 million units, that's a fairly large pressure on gross. So we're very optimistic and excited about the title. And obviously, the market has been the same way as the feedback we've seen from recently the Disney Celebration, where we showed the title for the first time. We'll obviously show it more at E3. And so everyone will get a chance to start to appreciate the depth and the excitement around it.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Thanks, Arvind. On FIFA Online 3, we don't disclose obviously the profitability of the individual lines of business. But what you should assume there is Tencent is essentially delivering the product and doing much of the marketing in the local market. We're doing the product development and helping Tencent on any issues around hosting and delivering the product. So we obviously have product development costs. We don't have some of the marketing costs that you'd see in our normal business. So you should assume that it's good profit margins, but that's about as far as I can go on that. On EA Access, we're extremely pleased with the growth of EA Access. As I said on the call, we haven't really started to promote that with Microsoft. We will this summer. We've now added – we've got 12 titles in the vault. And that's why we feel like it's a great time to start to promote it because much of the value is around those titles in the vault. The subscriber base continues to grow. It's still not a meaningful part of our financials, and thus we're not calling out the actual numbers or the stats, but we will consider that in the future as we see how it grows. But overall, we're very interested in it and we're learning a great deal from the service around players' interest in subscription models and where they get the most value out of the service. I'll let Andrew catch the last one on consoles.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So first on full-game downloads, we're essentially allowing the consumer to vote. We would like the consumer to consume games where they want to consume them. And if that's in full-game downloads or if that's in retail, we want to be there. We've got great partners in retail. GameStop, Target, Walmart, Game (45:30), others are very powerful and helpful to us. And so we want to make sure we're delivering the experience in the way the consumers would like it. Obviously, it's better economically for us longer term to do digital, and we're focused on all the digital content, not just full games. And we see that that's the direction the industry is going, but we're not trying to do something unnatural to push it one way or the other. In terms of Titanfall, you should assume that that's not in fiscal 2016. It's more likely in fiscal 2017. And a title of that size, we want to be pretty clear as to when it's falling in the title slate, and so your assumption should be 2017.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So, Drew, on FIFA, we expect continued growth in that franchise. Obviously, at the size that franchise is now, the law of large numbers makes big growth numbers difficult. But we've continually year in and year out been able to grow FIFA by improving the quality of the game, by adding extra additional services around the game like Ultimate Team, and driving into continued new geographies around the world. The popularity of football in America continues to grow, and that's been fueling the growth of the product here in the U.S., even though it's always been very strong internationally, and we think we'll continue to see that. So we're very optimistic about FIFA and we hope to see that continue to see upside growth, and that's what's built into our forecast. Your second question was...
Blake J. Jorgensen: Thanks. So we will see a slow movement away from Gen-3. As a reminder, we've been making Gen-2 console games up until the last year or so. For some of our bigger franchises like our sports franchises, we'll continue to make Gen-3. But we're making some decisions on new franchises and titles to focus on Gen-4, partially because the power of the platform allows for exceptional gameplay and incredible graphics. And for something like Star Wars, we wanted to make sure that we provided the highest level of quality for the game experience, and you can do that only on Gen-4 and PC.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Ben, I love how you do your math. I was not implying at all that 2017 free cash flow was going to be down. I was simply trying to help people understand how we're thinking about return of capital. The goal would be if we were to continue to be able to increase cash flow over time, we would continue to increase our buybacks over time, and we're thinking about that as a two-year program. As you can see, we started a two-year program a year ago, and we replaced that with a new two-year program this year. I'm not predicting what that's going to be for the future, but think about it more like a progression over time versus any guidance around fiscal 2017.
Blake J. Jorgensen: I'm very optimistic about 2016 and 2017. So that's that piece. FIFA Online 3 is a free-to-play PC game, which means much like in Ultimate Team, you monetize based on collecting and trading players and playing with those players. You don't have to monetize. You can play the game for free. But like all free-to-play games, to build a better team, to get further ahead in the game, to win against your friends, you will possibly monetize to build that team. The revenue recognition issue was simply a one-time issue for us, and that was we were waiting for the formal rollout of the game in China with our partner Tencent. And that occurred in early April and thus the ability to start to recognize revenue. We did not want to recognize revenue until the game was fully functional, fully rolled out, moved from soft beta to hard beta to full rollout, and it had all the features available for gameplay, and that's why we now start to recognize. But we shouldn't have a recognition issue going forward on that.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yeah, so we look at a couple of components when we think about return of capital to shareholders. We first and foremost believe that that's a critical goal of the company is to continue to return capital to shareholders. We balance that with two things: one, our need for capital internally; and two, our onshore versus offshore balance of capital. Right now we have about 60% of our capital onshore. Our need for capital in terms of CapEx is roughly $100 million a year, as we've talked to. We have, obviously, our outstanding convert that we will either refinance or pay off over time. That's due next summer. And we believe even after that, we have plenty of capital to respond to any opportunities that come our way either on acquisitions or internal investment. We've got substantial debt capacity based on our performance and substantial onshore cash to be able to address – or offshore cash for international acquisitions to be able to address anything that comes along. But we're really focused on driving the business out of our existing IP or licensed IP. We see a huge future for the company with what we have today. And we feel like we want to make sure we're focused on that first and foremost before we run and chase other acquisitions. Doesn't mean we wouldn't do something, but we're very focused on the opportunities that we have today.
Blake J. Jorgensen: We try our best, guys, to give the best guidance as we can at the moment that we're giving it, so one last question.
Michael Hickey: Hey, guys, congrats on a great quarter and year. Enjoy it, you guys have definitely deserved it here.
Michael Hickey: A couple questions. I was curious on your capital allocation strategy as it relates to share repurchases and intensifying your effort there when your company's valuation is near an all-time high versus potentially accretive M&A opportunities, particularly as you begin to increase investment in new IP, as you outlined today. And then I have a follow-up.
Michael Hickey: All right, fair enough, Blake. Thank you. Last question, you had a few game delays last year, and obviously that happens. And ultimately, you seem to have crafted an advantage from the delay by providing a higher quality product. But curious on Star Wars, how confident you feel today on the development of this game and the anticipated quality as pacing within that desired launch window, seeing that the timing of this drop is perhaps more important given the launch of the movie in December and, as you noted, related marketing benefits hopefully from that. I'm also curious if you plan to have a beta or early release within your EA Access program. Thanks, guys.
