John Riccitiello: Thank you, Mary. Earlier today, we announced our Q3 results, which were inline with the update we provided on January 11. We also provided our FY ‘11 guidance which at the midpoint of our range translates to more than a 40% increase in non-GAAP EPS. On today’s call I’ll begin with brief comments in our progress, Eric will review the Q3, results and review our guidance in detail. John Schappert will provide an operations update and then will take your questions. Let me start with update an EA’s execution, framed against the four strategic initiatives we have identified as crucial to our long term growth and profitability. First product quality, in calendar ‘09 we shipped 19 titles Metacritic rating of 80 or above that. The next best third party publisher shipped only six. We also just shipped Mass Effect 2, when the Metacritic rating of 96, one of highest related games ever released on the Xbox 360. EA as clearly and quality leader among multi platform publishers, I believe this is a significant driver in effect that EA is game share fiscal year to date. Second, creating heads core package goods. We’re very proud that both Maddens and FIFA remain at the top of the chart again in calendar ‘09. We’re also pleased, that we’ve established two new IPs is equally success as so far this fiscal and Dragon Age Journeys core factor and that our recent win with Mass Effect suggests the discrete titles to be sequel successfully in the future. Third, our investment in digital revenue stream meeting and in many cases, exceeding her own high expectations; we achieved the record $152 million in quarterly non-GAAP net revenue in Q3. This brings us to 30% growth in digit revenue at fiscal year-to-date. Our overall digital business has now had scaled, over $0.5 billion annually, growing very rapidly and profitable. Lastly operating efficiencies: from the past two years, we have dramatically lowered headcounts, despite acquisitions and the addition of multiple digital business models. Our operating costs were expected to down in FY10 versus FY09 and down even further in fy11. With that, I will turn it over to Eric.
John Riccitiello: Thanks, John. We have an outstanding portfolio of IP that is getting stronger with the addition of Dragon Age, Mass Effect, EA SPORTS Active, and the reintegration of key franchises like Need for Speed, Battlefield and FIFA and while EA’s IP portfolio was described by some as tired a few short years ago, it is now a major competitive advantage. Our packaged goods business is performing, we have gained market share this fiscal year as a result of great quality and improved marketing. In fiscal 2011, we believe titles like Medal of Honor, Crisis 2, Dead Space, the Sims 3 on console and others have breakout potential. We have a profitable scaled digital business that recently hit the $0.5 billion threshold. Our digital business is growing at 30%, and is projected to break through three quarters of $1 billion in fiscal 2011. We have programs in place that should take this to well beyond $1 billion in the coming two fiscal years. John, Eric and I would now be happy to take your questions.
John Riccitiello: First off we do have data and research on the amount of time consumers are spending with games, and increasingly and importantly, they are spending more time with their console than they ever have before. So I don’t think it’s a consumer behavior issue, if it’s anything at all and I do think it’s fair to characterize 2009 as being a consequence of a relatively less powerful slate industry wide compared to 2008. I think a second factor, and I have pointed to this before, in 2009 was sort of a lack of aggressive pricing on first party if you will, a little bit too late with their price cuts and frankly, and broadly, the economic circumstance, and if you will, the recession that hit in most western markets, or all western markets. Net, net, time is up, the market was soft for the reason I just identified. As we look to 2010, there’s nothing to suggest that consumers aren’t going to continue to increase the use of their console. Relative to others that have provided guidance for the year, we’ve decided to be a little bit more conservative, and frankly, that’s a function of the fact that we haven’t seen enough data to suggest that the purchase behaviors are there yet in spades. What makes us feel good about though, there is a strong slate. We got a strong belief in the new motion controllers, so there’s reason to be optimistic. We’ve just chosen not to because it’s a better planning assumption to be more conservative here.
John Riccitiello: It’s definitely not time or consumer behavior, to be clear. While we see growth in digital, I don’t see any data to suggest that digital offerings are causing the core gamer to spend less time with their console.
John Riccitiello: Couple, three questions there. I think we’ll probably split this one up. In terms of pricing, I would tell you that I really can’t give you any insight into our forward pricing assumptions. As we have said many times on these calls, that’s between us and our retailers, and there’s a variety of regulatory reasons why we’re not able to do that. If you did want to pick up sort of an interesting analysis, I would encourage you to look at data from NPD for example, take 2003, peak of last cycle, to 2009, and the most recent year which is sort of a six year split. When you look at top 10, top 20, top 30, about a $10 to $12 pick up in pricing. Suggestive of the fact that the top titles sold very well at top prices, and at least on a historic basis, there’s very little to suggest that that hasn’t been the case nor that it won’t continue to be the case.
John Riccitiello: Well Jess that was our, relationship is defined through FY10 for new our new front-line releases; and we’ve got a strong relationship and we have an incorporation to be come presently have an agreement for FY11 our 11 new titles.
John Riccitiello: I don’t know if you get to the answer that Ed, by answer I think gave you on the call. I think I can give you a couple of indicator as well. At this point in time, there’s a lot of different way to calculate, what’s allocated FY say 12 titles versus FY11. Typically the games label we’ve got the longest lead on their title, so they’ll have the highest percentage. They typically describe half or more of their budget for the fiscal year following as opposed to the fiscal year current and it’s a lesser percentage involves on the sports, which deals annual sequels and in the play label which tends to build titles on shorter lead times.  We have provided this indication that’s very specific to what you’re trying to learn, now, which is, we have a significant investment in our partnership MMO, the partnership we have with Lucas. It’s a significant number. I really can’t get into more than that, but I think you’re going to have to use your best judgment from there.
John Riccitiello: To a point, you were probably getting at. It is also probably users that may not have bought the product originally.
John Riccitiello: This is John. I’ll add one more answer to this, but I thought I’d give you a perspective because I think, Colin, implicit in your question is a little bit about what kind of margin leverage there’s in the business and I’d like to address that a little bit. So I think it’s fair to say that the packaged goods business, absent breakout hits as a single digit margin business, at least the way we see it. When we study that business very carefully and look at what we’re investing in R&D for our front-line titles, we got a great view of the industry, because we see the cost of a lot of our partners, external developers with no corporate overhead, etc. First observation is, our costs are very competitive, if not lower for like on like quality. The second thing is what’s in this business for leverage? Our goal was fewer, but better is to drive to higher positions on the charts. I’ll give you two reference points: Same title plan, any one title breaking at an extra 1.5 million units is about $0.10 EPS, so that’s one title breaking can add about dime in EPS. We’re referring to, like, Need for Speed at its peak that could be as much as a $0.30 to $0.40 EPS delta, given that it had done in the past as many as 4.5 million to 6 million units higher and that’s a key title that we’re driving to push up in the charts. Put another way, same title plan one market share point, that’s roughly $0.25 EPS. To give you a sense of the world we’re working in, we think we’ve got our costs down tight. We think our cost per title is very competitive, and again, on the aggressively tight side of the equation, and what we’re driving for now is using quality to drive leverage in the P&L by pushing it up further in the charts.
John Riccitiello: Let me comment it this another way. I can’t answer your question. So we can’t describe our plans to moderate, influence, or adjust pricing on a pro forma future basis. We just can’t go there. We’re well advised on that front. What I would point you to, if you want to understand this particular phenomenon better, would be to compare any sort of long range, top 10, top 20, top 30 you pick your top range, and you will see the following things. You’ll see that pricing is higher this cycle than last cycle and compared to last cycle, retail pricing is holding at least as well as it did in the last cycle. If you actually study the individual press announcements, retail price announcements, promotions, etc. that were run by major retailers. You would see that we’re probably getting to this lower pricing or the discounting you are referring to in a slightly different way than happened in the last cycle. In the last cycle, what you saw by this point in the cycle is front line pricing for all, but the biggest titles already break by $10. That hasn’t happened in this cycle. What’s happened in this cycle thus far is front line pricing is holding, but then once it’s in the market place, it’s getting discounted more quickly than it did before. That’s a slight difference in behavior. I understand how that can make it look like there’s rapid discounting, but again, last cycle what we saw was actually price reductions. So there weren’t as many discounts that took place against those price reductions. All-in-all, I think the analysis shows, or the data show that pricing is holding pretty well.
John Riccitiello: I might add, just quick thoughts to that, before we get to the question about our sports title, where I think I’ll probably correct a presumption you brought into the question. One of the things that have sort of been interesting is we brought forward fairly high profile marketing programs for both Mass Effect and for Dante. We advertised on both the AFC and NFC championship games with Mass Effect, and we saw immediate response in terms of almost every metric we track and as a perspective, those investments took about 50,000 units to breakeven and while it’s very difficult to point to a particular ad, breakeven against 50,000 units gives us strong results, and so with Mass Effect seems like something that almost certainly occurred. We did a similar investment yesterday, with Dante’s, and we saw a similar spike, but it was our own internal metrics or metric like, where you stand on the charts on Amazon preorders. So some really good statistics to suggest these things are working well for us. So with Eric’s point, front line feels pretty good in Q4. In terms of the sports franchises, FIFA is a pre-digital is up sharply year-over-year, and Madden as John indicated in his prepared comments, after starting week, has continued to make progress week-to-week, virtually every week, and it’s up on the core consoles. We have seen a strong performance from NHL this year, and I’d make that point sort of independent of digital, which is adding to the totals and adding to the top line. So we feel pretty good about our sports portfolio. One area we want to see a pickup in the coming fiscal year, and we’ll be talking about that in a later call, is some innovation we have across the range and then in particular in NBA Live, where we would like to make progress versus the competition.
John Riccitiello: Historically, FIFA, typically what ends up happening is in a World Cup year, the World Cup SKUs that we ship are incremental and we’re on a roll with FIFA in our fiscal 2010 product, and we expect to continue to do really well there in fiscal ‘11. Then in terms of Star Wars, I believe it was it maybe have been Ed that asked a similar question about trying to normal to get a better grip inside that number. We really don’t think we can go further than we already have, which is, it’s a significant cost. MMOs can cost as much as two to six, seven times as much as a front-line title, if they’re done right. It is a major investment for us, and as Eric had mentioned earlier, our goal is to reverse out in the future, every debt that we’ve invested and then some.
John Riccitiello: It’s a difficult question to ask, how conservative or how aggressive your judgments are. I think as a starting point, we’re probably at the lower end of the range for what most people are going to guide to for packaged goods sector performance in calendar ‘10. Our minus three results though is probably not inconsistent with what’s going to happen in January, so at least in January, we’ll be indicated, but there’s 11 months to go and the lion’s share of it’s going to take place in the fall. As I think we mentioned, we see some titles have the potential for breakout, but my way of thinking about it is, on a label by label basis, sports has got net plus titles year-over-year in the form of MMA, and a broader base on active against platforms. The games label sort of swaps one title for another. It’s neither up nor down on a 12 month basis in terms of its title slate. The Sims label, basically swaps out Console for PC launch at the highest level, yes we lose one movie title in the form of GI Joe that was a relatively modest performer for us in this past fiscal year. We’re adding a multi-platform, my Sims title, and then a second Sims title in the year. So, when we look at that portfolio, we guided that to be flat. If there are significant breakouts, we would see market shares grow, but we haven’t assumed that in our model. If I were to point to things that I think have the potential to breakout that are not counted on as breakout, that would include sort of Medal of Honor, Crisis, Sims Console, and perhaps a few other titles. I’m really bullish about Dead Space 2 in the fourth quarter.
John Riccitiello: The data that I gave you on console usage was not whether they were turned on or off. It’s whether they were being used to play games. So, the data was narrow enough to sort of capture the flavor of what we were trying to talk to. The second point is, and this is something it might be fun to look at. I often like to look at things over a longer period than just the last week or month or quarter. ‘03 to ‘09, I think if you were to just pick a cycle, last to where we are now, the top three and top 30 are 2X, if not 3X larger in the business. So our fewer of a better is designed to put us further up in those charts and benefit from that. Lastly, I think it’s really early innings to give you revenue for downloadable content across the full range of our products, but I will give you these indicators. In many cases, the number can be double-digits, like north of $10, but those are typically isolated circumstances where that occurs with a game. Across the weighted average of our portfolio, I would like to see it get to that, but it’s certainly nowhere near that in our FY ‘11 model. It’s in the $2 range. That’s a gigantic pickup from zero. That is essentially brand new ARPU, and as part of our digital growth story. I see lots of reasons to believe that will move north overtime and if I was trying to say sort of in a broader may lays of how people can interpret or misinterpret the packaged goods business, I would say EA strategy is fewer, but bigger and higher ARPU. Fewer, but bigger drives revenue per title at the retail level and/or download as that model develops more fully overtime, and all of the PDLC and stuff that we get in the backend as ARPU against each disc and so that’s what we’re seeking to do, and we think it’s a smart investment thesis for us, given the way the industry is evolving.
John Riccitiello: This is John. A couple of thoughts, the first one in terms of visibility, an observation about F ‘10, and we too are disappointed with the F ‘10 results. We guided at the beginning of F ‘10 to 7% top line growth for the sector, and it ended up being roughly minus 10%, a 17% point split, and our most recent guidance for the fiscal year versus our original was 4.3%, and we’re 4.1%-ish in our most recent guidance. So we’re adhering to top line, much, much better than the sector overall, which is reflective in the fact that our fiscal year-to-date market shares are up, and projected to be up through the fiscal year. I would say that our biggest challenge on visibility in fiscal 2010 was at the sector level. We pretty much charted where we thought our expenses came in as we thought. Our business performed at the market share level as we thought. We delivered the titles that we said we would deliver with extreme fidelity. What we missed was the top line, which was driven primarily by factors related to the sector and for what it’s worth, even making up half of the revenue forecast lost at the sector level, and having that play into EA, we would have made our plan. So it’s a tough one. I don’t know that we were alone in forecasting the industry off in calendar year ‘09. It was a very frustrating and challenging experience for us. As we look into fiscal ‘10, I only hope that we are as accurate as we have been on our title slips or non-title slips, the quality of our games, the windows that we hit and the market share that we achieve because we nailed it, with almost perfect accuracy in ‘09. So the key question for me is more about the sector level, and at this point, we think minus 3% is the best assumption going in. We also note that we’re sensitive to that assumption. 5% in either direction is a little bit north of $0.20. So it’s a very, very important assumption for us. By the way, it’s about the same for an impact as a one market share point. In terms of the 5%, what is underperforming or over performing in the packaged goods portfolio. What we have gotten to now is 36 major titles. I think if you did sort of a study of our business, until you got major breakout hits, that make up a significant portion of your portfolio, single-digit returns is fairly typical on pure packaged goods businesses. Our goal this year is to breakout and drive above that. We’ve identified in quarters past and years past that our biggest deficit coming out sort of fiscal ‘04, ‘05 console transition was that we basically had lost Lord of the Rings, Bond, Medal of Honor, and we were down on Need for Speed and where we’re going now is we’re replacing that with Dragon Age, Mass Effect, back to Medal of Honor, growth on Need for Speed. So our goal is to replace that and get back in the double digits strongly. We’re not guiding to it because we’re waiting for it to happen first.
John Riccitiello: We guided to 4.3 and so no, we missed on top line, not as much as the sector missed, but we missed and I think we’ve detailed our rationale for what had occurred there. Some margin shift as a consequence of more digital titles, and a revenue mix, which I think is consistent but not as rich a miss as the sector overall. Thanks very much for the calls, and we’ll see you next time.
John Schappert: With respect to the motion control games, on Natal on Xbox and the Sony motion controller, we will be supporting both of those platforms at launch. We don’t have any titles to announce right now on those, but we will be supporting those titles, and we are hopeful on those. The last question was on rock band. Our deal with Aviacom and Harmonics continues through FY ‘11 at that time, as you can see from our modeling, we have not included a lot of revenue for distribution next year, but we continued to have talks with them and hope that maybe there’s an opportunity to continue the relationship beyond that.
John Schappert: Yes, I think it speaks to our strategy of fewer, bigger hits too because consumers are buying top titles and playing them longer and what is great about this content is not only is it a great incentive for consumers, when they first buy the title, but it also teaches them and shows them that there’s additional content online and gets them used to that whole ecosystem and market place. So for instance, in Dragon Age Origin, we had downloadable content in addition to the pack in content if you will, available for purchase on day one and in the first week, we did over $1 million in sales on that title, so that’s just with the DLC obviously. So we’re excited about DLC and see it as another area for growth and in fact for fiscal ‘11, it’s up over 100% as we had said before, so we’re bullish.
John Schappert: I would just add on to that Eric, which is similar to what we saw with mobile. So if you look at the top charts in mobile these days, you’ll see that the top games are mostly big, established brands, in fact, when you look at ours, mostly EA brands.  So we certainly think there’s going to be a lot of room for creativity and innovation, which Playfish leads the way in that space, and at the same time we think that there are also opportunities to capitalize on some of our core brands, but Playfish folks are doing well. They just launched two new games, and Gangster City is doing great, and excited to have them on board.
John Schappert: John, I would just add to sports as well, Justin, that for next year we are launching MMA, a new IP, we’re taking EA SPORTS Active, which was wildly successful in the Wii, and bringing that to multiple platforms and of course we’ve FIFA and Tiger Woods online, both of which are new digital download to play models on the web. So I think we’re doing a lot of innovation in the sports area.
John Schappert: John, why don’t I start with the motion controller question, which is how much incremental debt costs are the motion controllers costing us, and the reality is, we have a pretty good line up of motion based games. So what it really affords us is an opportunity to take that portfolio, and look at the new motion controllers that other platforms are providing, and give us, debt cost amortization. So we don’t see it as a big increase, in fact we see it as a win in that respect.
John Schappert: No, it’s more North America than international, but we’re not going to parse it by the geo, I would note that’s in terms of the growth. The online services we have in Asia have been quite successful to-date. So FIFA online is growing in Korea, we are extending that online services product across portions of the region, so there’s growth there. The highest growth rate that we see within the digital portfolio is for the console PDLC, and so we’ve seen success to-date across products like FIFA, which sell principally in Europe, but obviously in North America, as well in Asia. Madden, Mass Effect and Dragon Age, we’re expecting that our overall console PDLC business to grow by over 100% in fiscal ‘11 versus fiscal ‘10 and that may have a revenue distribution that more or less mirrors the underlying packaged goods, but it could deviate a bit.
Eric Brown: No, we really, you can’t get into it. We’re obviously developing the core product, and you have to operate the online services, in terms of the distribution of packaged goods that are say, that’s still to be fully defined. We’ve clearly been investing R&D for a number of years.  I think the important point here is you ask that title goes live, and we’re not giving any specific date, we’ll move from a net OpEx investment mode to a highly profitable op-income contributor. So it’s a pretty important step change, when you compare a year with the MOO Active versus the development stage that we’re currently in this fiscal year.
Eric Brown: Yes, the attach rates are, although it’s early on, we think that the attach rate or usage is about 70% of overall units sold. So it’s obviously much higher for those online registered users. So this indicates broad based acceptance and usage by consumers thus far.
Eric Brown: Yes, a couple of comments here. So to be very specific, we have a number of different businesses that are aggregated in digital, and I called out two larger scale standalone or semi standalone business units for Pogo and Mobile and those two specifically operate at 20% or better pro forma in non-GAAP operating margins. That’s not to say though, that every other line of business within the overall digital portfolio is at 20%. So you can’t take 575 for this year, 750 for next year times 20%, necessarily. I think it’s important to understand the profitability of these businesses as they get to critical mass. The second part of your question with regards to Playfish, we’re not going to specifically mention upcoming titles, but back when we announced the Playfish acquisition in November, we said quite clearly that, one; we were acquiring a preexisting owned IP portfolio from a great set of developers. So we’re expecting games from the Playfish team and we’re also expecting to have them launch as our social game publishing arm, more EA properties overtime and we don’t have any specific titles to call out here, but we think that there’s great synergy from our existing IP portfolio.
Eric Brown: This is Eric. I’ll take the first part of that question. Versus a month ago, when we gave our revised outlook, what we’ve seen happen is the following. We think that catalog revenue rolling into Q4 is a bit lower. Conversely, our expectations for the front line titles, those are really unchanged, we’re feeling pretty good about front line. So it’s a catalog story in terms of a revenue decrease in our expectations, and more so in Europe than North America. We also have a bit of adverse FX movement against us in some phasing differences Q3, Q4, in terms of operating expenses and so those would be the cause of change drivers in our current Q4 guidance versus what we had a month ago.
Eric Brown: I don’t have that in front of me. I’ll see if we can check that throughout the course of the call here.
Eric Brown: If I could, I’d like to respond to the earlier question about how is the Sports Label doing year-over-year? So, starting in FY09, comparing that to FY10, the Sports Label overall is up significantly, you’ve key drivers like the launch of EA SPORTS Active, the tremendous performance by FIFA, the packaged good as well as the digital extensions. So that’s very significant growth ‘10 versus fiscal ‘09 and in fiscal ‘11, we’re expecting continued growth as well in the overall Sports Label.
