Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Blake. Strong execution throughout FY ‘21 has brought us to this point and the drivers of future growth are foundational to our business. Our teams are creating amazing high-quality games and content for more players around the world than ever before. Our live services that extend and enhance these experiences are keeping players engaged over the long term. And we are transforming our business for continued expansion, growing our portfolio and enabling ways for players to connect with each other and engage deeply with their favorite content. We’re looking forward to a strong Q4 and a year of continued growth in FY ‘22. Now Blake and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. So let me jump into that in the context of Star Wars. We won’t be announcing new things here. But what I would say is if you look at our history with Star Wars, we’ve had a long and very profitable relationship, first, with Lucasart and then with -- or Lucasfilm and then with Lucasfilm as part of Disney. We have generated a number of great franchises, Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, Galaxy of Heroes, Battlefront, Jedi: Fallen Order and most recently, Squadrons. That represents over $3 billion life-to-date net bookings and 52 million games sold. And Galaxy of Heroes is a $1 billion franchise. As we’ve established the very strong part of that franchise, you should expect that we will continue to invest in those as well as some new experiences across platforms for the future. With respect to engagement more broadly, I think that we’ve seen strong engagement throughout the last year. Blake and I have both been relatively conservative, I think, as we look to the future at each moment in time, but we feel good about where engagement has been. And we feel -- we now feel more confident that the increased engagement we’ve seen in our experiences is likely to continue on a go-forward basis. Blake, I don’t know if you have any more to add to that.
Andrew Wilson: On Battlefield, we don’t have anything more to share with you at this point other than we believe that it’s going to usher in a new generation for Battlefield games and Battlefield fans and we’ll be taking -- benefiting from the full power of next-gen platforms. And you should imagine that we’re looking across all forms of the experience to ensure that this is exactly the game that Battlefield fans want to play and the game that we believe will drive growth in the Battlefield franchise. But more on that to come in the month ahead and we’re excited to share more on that at the appropriate time. With respect to our college football game, again, this was kind of part of my past life leading EA SPORTS. It was a really strong game. It was a fan favorite game. It sold tens of millions of units over its life. And we expect that it will continue to be a really strong fan favorite game. It’s measured by the amount of emails I get in my inbox each week requesting us to bring back this game. I think that we could look to the past as a factor for the future. But I’d also say that I think college football, as a fan, audience has grown dramatically since we launched the last game in 2013. I also think the nature of gameplay has changed dramatically as we think about the future of sports and you heard us speak to the conversion of sports and entertainment more broadly. And so we’re excited to bring that back in the years ahead.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. On FIFA, I think the best way to think about this is soccer is the world’s largest sport by a wide margin. Mobile is the world’s largest gaming platform also, as it turns out, by a wide margin in terms of magnitude of players. What we know about soccer as we travel around the world and what we know about mobile as we look at the growing player base is that soccer means different things to different people in different markets. And certainly, as we look at the magnitude of players that come into the mobile ecosystem, they’re often looking for different types of experiences with respect to subject matter that they love. And so as we look at our FIFA business, building off the strength of our licensing relationships on a global basis, we think there is an opportunity to deliver a number of different experiences across the mobile platform from different geographies and different player cohorts based on what they’re looking for. And we think that represents a tremendous growth opportunity for us.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. On balance, it’s probably a better question for Microsoft and Sony at this point. I think it’s too early to tell for us. I mean anecdotally, what we know to be true is demand is extraordinarily high for both consoles and that retailers, both digital and physical, are struggling to keep them in stock. What we’ve seen is the games that we’ve been able to build on those platforms are really, really strong. And as I look to the games that we’re going to be able to build on those platforms on a go-forward basis, I’m really excited about the new innovations and creativity and gameplay we’re going to be able to deliver. And inevitably, I think that is going to offer a more engaging and immersive experience for our players that will ultimately see growth both in players overall and the time spent in our games.
Andrew Wilson: Two great questions. First off, no announcement on basketball to make today. I would say two things. One, I think we underperformed on basketball over the last number of years and that’s been very disappointing to us. With that said, we continue to have a really good relationship with the NBA and remain committed to basketball long term. And you should imagine that we are thinking through the best ways for us to use the strength of our business, the strength of our technology and the amazing creativity of our teams to deliver really cool, new, innovative experiences for basketball fans. With respect to social, in general, the short answer is yes. Part of what we have recognized now is that our players, particularly over the last year, have been using our games as ways to remain connected with their friends even while they are apart. And you may have heard me say this before, but social interaction is moving from physical to digital more broadly for the Gen Z population. And the consumption of sport and entertainment is moving from linear to interactive for the Gen Z population and we kind of sit at the very intersection of those two secular trends. And so what we’ve started to do is really build around our content to ensure that we are providing more social opportunities for our fans and the Madden, Pro Bowl over the weekend was one such example of how we can take our game at the center of a social ecosystem and build around that for fans, both fans who play our games and fans who interact with plays of our games. When we think about our sports franchises, when we think about Apex, when we think about The Sims, when we think about mobile on a go-forward basis, we think there is a tremendous opportunity for us to build more into that and deliver on the social interaction our fans are asking for. And you should expect us to talk more about that in the future as we think about community, commentary, social interaction, competition, all wrapped in the data that our Gen Z fans are using on a day-to-day basis to play our games.
Andrew Wilson: Two great questions. First off, on BioWare, again, that is an incredible studio filled with incredible people who do incredible work. And I think that from the outside wall, there have been some blips in their delivery over the last couple of years, but that has come as a result of them pushing deeply into innovation and creativity. And we feel very, very confident about their future road map and we’ve talked about games like Dragon Age and Mass Effect in their future. With respect to Casey and Mark leaving, again, both good friends of mine. We have tremendous respect for both of them. But this happens in the natural course of creative organizations from time to time. And we feel very, very good about the ongoing leadership of that studio and the many people who come to work every day to deliver great innovation and creativity. We look forward to sharing more about what’s coming from BioWare in the near future. And you will have just seen our Mass Effect trilogy Legendary Edition announced and that has been extraordinarily well received by BioWare fans. And so we’re encouraged by what that studio will continue to deliver. In terms of Star Wars, I don’t think you should imagine that the fact that some other people will build some Star Wars games is going to change our commitment to that IP or our ability to build the appropriate number of games. And as I said before, we’ve had a long partnership with Disney, both before our exclusive period that gave us a great opportunity to really establish some very strong franchises like Battlefront, like Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes, like Jedi: Fallen Order, like Squadrons. You should expect us to continue to invest in our Star Wars relationship. It’s been very profitable, to this point, over $3 billion in net bookings and we’re excited by what we’ll be able to do in the future. But you shouldn’t read this as necessarily us building the less titles. I think what you should take from us more broadly as a company is that we believe in our ability to execute and deliver great, high-quality, deeply engaging content for our fans across both our sports business, our wholly owned IP business and our licensed partnership business like the one we have with Star Wars. And we feel confident and comfortable that we’re going to be able to deliver great games for the future.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. So let me -- on Codemasters, it’s still early -- too early for us to kind of be able to outline all of that. Again, the deal hasn’t closed yet. But as I think about this as an opportunity, I start with the fact that we will be able to bring together all of the greatest racing talent in our industry or most of the great racing talent in our industry. When I think about taking that collection of talent and pointing them at Need for Speed, pointing them at FORMULA ONE, pointing them at GRID, pointing them at DiRT and thinking about how all of that might happen with regular launches of those titles with really strong live services wrapped around them which we don’t yet see in the Codemasters games, all powered by the leverage of the marketing organization that we have behind us, I think the opportunity is really, really strong. And so you should imagine that as we think about this, Need for Speed, which is already one of the leading racing franchises that we launch every other year, we think there might be opportunities around growth of releases and certainly growth of that title. We think that F1 plus live service plus our marketing muscle is a profound opportunity. And we think that GRID and DiRT also represent great new additions to our portfolio. But the big win here is bringing together what we believe is going to be the greatest collection of racing talent in the industry. With respect to FIFA, all of these things are in play. You will have seen and we talked about this, even our existing FIFA Mobile game has grown year-over-year. Our FIFA Mobile Asia game continues to expand and has grown year-over-year. We are working with KLab in Japan on a Japanese-inspired game, folks on the Japanese market that we believe will have global appeal. But Jeff Karp has come into our mobile organization. We’ve consolidated that organization. We brought all of sports and all other mobile titles together and we have identified sport and particularly soccer as a really, really big global opportunity. As a background, Jeff at one time ran marketing for EA SPORTS many, many years ago. On leaving EA, he ran a number of mobile companies and has come back and is having a tremendous impact on that business. And so no more announcements specifically today, but you should expect over the next year or two that we’re going to roll out growth in this business.
Andrew Wilson: On FIFA, Madden and Stadia, again, this is early. We believe that cloud is going to have a tremendously positive impact on total addressable market in our industry over the long term. And we also think that cloud is going to offer all kinds of new innovation and creativity about the types of games we can build where we can harness the power of cloud compute, compute at the edge and 5G networks that drive latency-free gameplay in between those two end points. And so when we think about Stadia right now, it’s really about working with our cloud partners to innovate and lead in what we believe is going to be a meaningful future for our industry over time. With respect to Apex, no announcements here. I would just come back to Respawn are amazingly creative as a studio. They’ve built unbelievable games both in the content of Titanfall Apex and more recently, Jedi: Fallen Order. As we continue to expand that -- they’re on their eighth -- they’ve just launched their eighth season. Every season adds new characters and new gameplay and at some point, new maps. You should imagine that, that team is thinking about how to further expand that universe over time and we’ll be excited to share more about that in the future.
Andrew Wilson: You might remember that our last game also didn’t have student name and likeness. The game has always been built on the power of the relationship that fans have with their colleges. We’ll have over 100 colleges, all of the logos and kits and stadiums and on-field pageantry that makes college football great. And we are very excited and believe that we can build a really compelling college football game with all of those components in partnership with schools across the country. And the response that we’ve had to the announcement kind of ratifies that excitement. So you should hear more from us on that in the months ahead.
Andrew Wilson: Great question. And the short answer is yes. And again Sims has been a user-generated platform since its inception. And we’ve seen creation and sharing on that platform, maybe not to the extent of a Minecraft or a Roblox certainly but as we look at the Maxis team that’s certainly something that is front and center to how they think about that franchise. We’re also thinking about this in the context of some of our new experiences and we have an entire group inside the company right now focused on player agency and creation at a player level. And as we roll out those experience over time you should expect that some of those will be kind of bound to a gain in the way that Minecraft is that -- Sims and Maxis would be a great example of that. And some of those will be platform level. Again, we have some great game development tools and we think over time, there might be an opportunity to share those with our communities and allow them to create new content with those tools over time. It’s certainly a developing area of our industry. It’s something that Gen Z players are really gravitating towards. And when we think about developing a social network for Gen Z plays around each of our major franchises, we think about user-generated content as a very central strand of the DNA of those experiences in those communities.
Blake Jorgensen: No. I would say clearly, looking at Q3 in terms of live services and 24% growth year-over-year of live services should prove only one simple thing, which is engagement is stronger than we have ever seen. It is spectacular. And it’s because we’re fulfilling the social connection between people who love the same things, be it some sport, The Sims, Apex. Whatever it is, we figured out how to make that happen. And you don’t see growth on $1.5 billion of revenue without knowing that that’s what’s driving the engagement and the social networks of what we’ve created. And that’s the secret sauce of what we’ve done.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. So I’ll start with Apex and then Andrew may want to jump on, on FIFA. So on Apex, clearly, as you said, Japan is the second-largest market for Apex, which is very exciting for us. And we know that it’s one of the largest markets for the Nintendo Switch. And that’s the reason we decided to put it out on Nintendo Switch. But we also know that Nintendo Switch is a global business, not just a Japanese business. We think the combination of Nintendo Switch, Apex plus mobile Apex will be very powerful. We believe mobile Apex will be in soft launch sometime in the next three to four months and hopefully gets into the marketplace quickly. Obviously, it will take longer to get into the market in China because of some of the regulatory issues. But in the rest of the world, we don’t see those issues happening. But we also want to make sure it is the exact product that we want. I think the team is very dedicated to making sure the product is the perfect product for a global market. But they’ve learned a lot from Japan. They’ve learned a lot from character development and so forth in that market and we think that will continue to help us. And let’s all remember, less than two years ago, no one knew this product existed. Today, it’s over $1 billion. We think there is a huge upside to this product over time and I just encourage people to keep focused on that because we don’t have a mobile product today. We don’t have a Switch product today. There are still other platforms around the world that we might go on. This is an opportunity that will last for a very long time and we’re trying to build it for the long range, not just a one-year blip. So we’re very excited about it. With that, Andrew, I’ll throw it over to you on the FIFA question.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. I would say, Ryan -- thanks for the question. I’d say the impact on subscriptions is relatively a rounding error. I would say year-over-year growth of 24% would imply that it’s a pretty strong business. And last year, based on what I’m looking -- the numbers I’m looking at wasn’t down. It was up year-over-year. It’s been up year-over-year every year for I don’t know how many years. So it is extremely strong and it’s strong across almost all of our live services: FIFA, Apex, Madden, Medal of Honor and Sims. And even Hockey had one of the best quarters they’ve seen in years. And so what I would try to remember is the bulk of our business this quarter is still live services. And we’re seeing incredible growth across it year-over-year. And subscription, while there’s nice growth, it’s still very small compared to the overall live services growth across all of the games.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. Let me -- Drew, let me start with the second question. We wouldn’t come out and say that accelerating growth was possible, but we’re confident of it -- if we weren’t confident of it. I mean what we’re saying is we believe that the trends that we see in this year’s business will continue. We have Battlefield next year and we haven’t actually even put in place what we think Codex -- or Codemasters could deliver because the deal is not closed yet. And so we’re clearly thinking and saying we see -- coming off of the year in which we started at $5.55 billion, we’re now telling people we’re close to $6.1 billion in revenue. And we’re telling people we’re going to grow again next year. I think you guys should take that as an incredible level of commitment and confidence on where the business is going, absent even additions from nonorganic growth because we spilled out, this is organic growth we’re talking about. And so I would get people -- I’d be very focused on that. There is a lot of spin right now in the marketplace around the fact that we decided to capitalize part of the GILTI tax regimes, R&D expenses in our fourth quarter to try to get behind it because we had a strong year. And so the reason we have a fourth quarter that shows a GAAP -- not a non-GAAP, but a GAAP decline in an EPS is purely getting ahead of what is going to be a tax cost for every company out there that gets hit by GILTI. And we’re trying to be aggressive and stay in front of that. But the cash impact of that is minimal. And we think in a year in which we are already well above our EPS and our earnings, it was the exact right thing to do. And I’m not sure why everyone wants to spin on that, but I would dig in a little bit, ask the questions and make sure you understand what that really means. I know that’s not the question you asked. But I want to make sure it’s clear to everybody that that’s exactly what’s going on right now. Now Codex on its own could be a nice addition to the company. We know that they have some incredible franchises. The F1 franchise is so nascent. It’s a new franchise for them. We know if you’re based in the U.S., there’s very little F1 racing going on in the U.S. And yet we know that the owners of F1 would like to build an F1 business in the U.S. We know that there’s still expansion around the globe. It is probably one of the best growth opportunities there is and the reason that we’re willing to pay what we were willing to pay for it, on top of the fact that the DiRT franchise, the GRID franchise, all of their franchises are incredible games, but none of them have actually taken advantage of a large publishing organization and a marketing muscle that we’re able to deliver. And we think that has growth to it, not to mention the talent that’s in that organization that could continue to help our Need for Speed business or our Real Racing business. It could be very powerful. So we know it is not a FIFA-sized business, but we know there is incredible opportunity to own essentially all of the driving business there is. So with that passionate answer, I’ve forgotten what your other question was. So...
Blake Jorgensen: Well, you know what, we know that every year, we put out a Need for Speed, it does extremely well. It’s one of those kind of games that if mom goes into the store or goes online and doesn’t want her son or daughter to be playing something that might look a little too competitive or might be too sports-oriented, driving has always been an incredible opportunity in the marketplace. And we know it’s not going to be the size of FIFA, but we believe that there is a huge potential, particularly as you think about the growth of the underlying franchises that we might be able to help drive. And that’s why we’re so excited about it.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. So think about it, Eric, as a couple of things. One is we’ve continued to try to do everything possible to support our workforce in a work-from-home mode and COVID support. And so you can assume that some portion of those expenses are associated with that and maybe expenses that would drift into next year. Second is we are having -- obviously, we’re having one of the best years we’ve ever had. And what does that mean for us? It means we want to take advantage of the strength in our organization and the ability to hire people, particularly when other companies are not able to do that. And we think this is a unique opportunity for us to go out and continue to try to grow great teams. I mean to give you a simple example. It’s not like we have a group of people just sitting around doing nothing that are waiting to build college football. We’re going to need to grow a team to do that. We think it’s the right thing to do. I think manage the economics of our teams well. But we’re going to continue to hire people particularly in a time in which we’ve been able to prove to our employees and those people who see our employees that we are a great place to work. And so that’s driving some of the uptick in expenses that you’re seeing. And then I would just go back in history and look at, okay, how good were we at always forecasting OpEx? Are we that good at it? Probably not. So with that I’ll turn it to Andrew for your second question.
