Andrew P. Wilson: Thanks, Blake. Our industry continues to grow. Across the world, more players are engaging in more games on more platforms across more geographies and business models. Yet as our audience expands, it is evolving as well. The competition for time means there is no room for transient experiences. Players today expect more from the games they play, and in return they will spend more time with the games they love. In a world where discovery is increasingly difficult and engagement decisions are made every second, connecting players with the right experience when and where they want to play is critical. In this transforming world, our focus continues to be on meeting and exceeding our players' needs through direct relationships that add value at every turn. Today, Electronic Arts engages hundreds of millions of players, and in the future potentially billons, through great games and live services in our powerful brands like Battlefield, FIFA, Star Wars, The Sims, Plants vs. Zombies, Mass Effect, and more. This portfolio of IP combined with great talent and robust technology in our underlying platform differentiates EA in our ability to connect players to more games, to more friends, and more ways to engage in a global network of play. It always begins with great games, and in FY 2017 we will deliver some of the most creative, engaging, and biggest experiences to date from Electronic Arts. We also continue to foster and grow thriving communities across our portfolio of live services. Our teams are leveraging technologies like Frostbite to deliver new experiences across more devices. As we evolve our core platform, we are learning more about our players and adding capabilities to unlock greater value for them. New programs, including competitive gaming, will help us reach and connect more players around the world. These are the dimensions of connected play that today's players seek and that Electronic Arts is positioned to lead. These are foundational times for the future of games and how we play them. We're excited for FY 2017 and beyond and look forward to sharing more with you in the quarters ahead. With that, Blake and I are here for your questions.
Andrew P. Wilson: As it relates to competitive gaming, Peter Moore, our Head of our Competitive Gaming Group, is going to deliver a lot more in terms of understanding at our upcoming Investor Day. The group overall is focused on enabling global communities through great games. So this absolutely includes the elite division, but we also believe there is an opportunity to celebrate the talent and skill at every level of game play. So for some, that will mean elite play. For others, that will just mean the joy of competition with friends, and we believe there is going to be a robust community and resulting engagement that we can build as a result of that.
Andrew P. Wilson: So in terms of the Titanfall, Battlefield One question, this is a giant category in our industry, $4.5 billion category. There is a very broad and diverse set of players who play games in that category who are looking for – to fulfill different game play motivations. Some people play very quick play, some people more strategic play, and some people want both in different context. The result of those, we feel like we actually have a really strong position to deliver the broadest set of game play mechanics as it relates to first-person shooter genre across the two titles, and feel very confident that we are well-positioned to do very well in that category in a year. Certainly as you see, the reception around Battlefield 1 we feel very good about that. The energy around Titanfall 2 is also building very nicely, and we look forward to showing more of both of those titles at EA Play in June. As it relates to Madden Mobile and Galaxy of Heroes, there is really a couple of things that we believe we are in a place to better understand now. One is how to best manifest sports IP or in fact large-scale IP like Star Wars in the mobile space, and what that means in terms of screen size, session time, UI, and just general game play mechanics, but perhaps the bigger opportunity that we feel like we are capturing now is the opportunity for live service. These are not far and forget games. The teams launch what is a spectacular game and then work diligently with the community to make that game bigger, better, more dynamic and more diverse on every given day, and we believe we have an opportunity across our sports games, certainly, but also across some of our other very well-known and well-recognized IP in the industry.
Andrew P. Wilson: Yeah, I think it's a great question and certainly one that we've been asked a number of times. When the teams set out to deliver the next version of Battlefield, they wanted to do a lot of things with the game. They wanted to be the biggest Battlefield game. They wanted to be the most diverse Battlefield game. They wanted fundamentally new game play mechanics with evolution of story, interwoven characters, storylines, evolution of machinery, evolution of weaponry, a real opportunity to build and grow inside of a Battlefield universe. When I took a step back and asked themselves what was the best place to set a game that had that kind of ambition, World War I was really the only place to do it. And what very few people remember from their history classes, I guess, is that people rode into World War I on horses and came out on planes and tanks and submarines. And we think that level of innovation and evolution of battle in a short period of time gives us a tremendous opportunity to deliver a very epic and full-scaled experience and I think what we've shown so far is a small taste of that and we look forward to spending time and giving people even more information and a deeper look at that as we come into EA Play in June.
Andrew P. Wilson: Yeah. And, again, we have been delighted with the reception. It's our most liked trailer to date. And depending on what metrics you look at from YouTube, it may be the most liked trailer ever on YouTube. We see that as a real positive sign for the franchise. The community has been asking for innovation, the community has been asking for something different. And our DICE team did step out and build something truly epic and respond to the community's demands. And their feedback has been resoundingly positive. As it relates to how the game is tracking, the game is doing really, really well. We recently had key franchise reviews where more of the game is playable at this stage than has ever been in the case in Battlefield before. The Frostbite engine is robust in its foundation and this is a very tried and true team who build unbelievable experiences. And so we have deep confidence in them to execute against their ambition. And we look forward to demonstrating more of that at EA Play in June.
Andrew P. Wilson: Yes, it's again a great question. Advertising is certainly an important part of our business, both now and going forward. We have had ads in both our console games and our mobile games for some years, and that business has continued to grow. We often walk the fine line between maintaining the integrity of the entertainment experience with the provision of advertising inside those experiences. Right now, we have ad technology that we are implementing in some of our key mobile titles that is very targeted in nature and we believe is additive to the overall experience in the long term, and players have been responding positively to that. So there is some advertising in our FY 2017 number. I would expect that as our network continues to grow beyond the hundreds of millions that we have today that it will become a more meaningful part of our business in the future.
Andrew P. Wilson: As it relates to Battlefield 1 and the extra monetization opportunity, taking a step back, anytime we think about extra monetization inside an experience, we really think about it on two vectors. One, are we able to provide value to the gamer in terms of extending and enhancing their experience? And two, are we able to do that in a world where we give them choice? We never want to be in a place where there is a belief that we are providing a pay to win mechanic inside of one of our games. I think what you've seen from us over the last couple of years is our ability to balance this and deliver tremendous value through choice to our player, which is why our extra content line of business has continued to grow healthily. As we look at FY 2017, we are forecasting again continued growth in that category. Given that in Battlefield 1 you will see a both macro monetization opportunities from us like maps and large-scale content as well as micro monetization opportunities, smaller increments of game play. And then over time what you will see from us is elements of game play that allow gamers to engage and drive and extend and enhance their experience much the way people will do with FIFA Ultimate Team or Madden Ultimate Team today. And we feel very confident in our ability to deliver that in a way that is deemed valuable by our player and drives increasing engagement over time with them
Andrew P. Wilson: I think, again, we have been undergoing a fairly fundamental transformation of our business over the last few years. We feel like we're in a very, very strong place. We feel like we have a strong and predictable revenue source and that the company is operating very well right now, and the management team are doing great things in a world where our industry continues to grow. And we want to take the opportunity to share our vision for the future, how we see the industry growing, where we think the vectors for growth exist inside that industry and how we believe Electronic Arts is uniquely well positioned to benefit from those vectors of growth in the years ahead.
Andrew P. Wilson: As it relates to mobile, again, when you have the benefit of the depth and breadth of our portfolio of great brands and IP, in a world where discovery is becoming challenged and the mobile market is increasingly fought with competition, utilization of those brands is certainly a great strength for us. And as you heard us in our prepared comments, we had the most installs of any publisher in calendar year 2015, and a lot of that is driven around the recognition of our brand and our IP and the quality experiences that come as part of those brands. As we look forward, certainly you will see more great experience from us that are based around the depth and breadth of our IP portfolio, but at the same time, like in our console business and our PC business, we also look at opportunities to develop new IP in the space, and so you would expect from us in the future a balanced approach to the marketplace, but certainly, we're not turning our back on our existing portfolio.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So, Justin, thanks for the question. Why don't I start with the investment piece? We're making broad investments that fuel the growth of the company well beyond fiscal 2018 and 2019. Really today we're building an action genre product that's probably in our fiscal 2020 or 2021, as well as action-oriented games around the Star Wars genre. Most of what we're investing in that's incremental now probably comes in fiscal 2019 and 2020. But clearly, some of our investment is to grow out our product base for what we're going on as well. We do have a new IP coming next year. We haven't yet announced it, but it's something that you'll see probably coming up soon. And clearly that's part of our investment for the franchise, as well as continuing building out the Battlefront franchise with Star Wars for fiscal 2018 as well.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So extra content obviously was dominated by Ultimate Team, but also FIFA Online 3 in Asia continues to grow, which falls in that. We saw continued growth of our original Star Wars product, Star Wars: The Old Republic, as well as extra content associated with The Sims, with Battlefield 4, and obviously the start of the Battlefront extra content. The bulk of that, though, is on components I just mentioned that really drove outsized performance in the quarter for extra content. In terms of guidance going forward, assumptions around full game downloads, we assume that we're continually going to see growth that we saw like in the past year. Industry now is above 30%, I think it's reaching 32%. And we're fairly consistent with that, with some titles as we mentioned in the script that are well north of that. Gen 4 Madden, for example, was well north of 50% when you look at a full-year number. So you're starting to see dramatic movements there. We should see greater improvement next year because we won't have the skewing towards physical that we saw in the Battlefront gift giving that we saw around the holiday and we mentioned in our last quarter. And that forecast has driven what we're seeing in our uptick, about 110% in gross margin growth year over year.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Stephen, I think a good analogy is the successful formula that drives Ultimate Team is continual events and activities. Team of the Week example would be a great example. We're using that same approach in many of our mobile games to drive that same type of engagement where people are continually coming back because we're making the game exciting, fresh, new, and competitive. And that's exactly what people want to get out of an experience that they've invested time in. And it's a great formula. And we certainly, as we mentioned on the call, hope to be able to leverage that in our other sports games as well as non-sports games.
Blake J. Jorgensen: We'll most likely have at least one Star Wars title a year over the next three years to four years. Next year we will see Star Wars Battlefront back with bigger and better worlds, because we now have the new movies to work off of, not just the historical movies that we used before. We also are working on a Star Wars action game that part of the Motive team is working on as well as the Visceral team. And that's most likely the following year. And as we've announced, we're working with our partners, Respawn, to work on another Star Wars game. They're very excited about that. They were asking us to include them in the franchise, and we felt that they could add a huge amount to a new title there. So the cadence should be at least every year along with the cadence of the large and small movies that Disney is doing, or side movies that Disney is doing, relative to Star Wars. And then obviously we'll continue to layer in mobile titles where possible as well to try to have a diverse Star Wars activity from shooters all the way through action and strategy, but at the same time taking advantage of all the new great IP that's being developed by our partners at Disney.
Blake J. Jorgensen: And like most of our large titles, you'll tend to see more and more during this summer, at Gamescom late in the summertime. Most likely some further game play either in the form of a beta or something to that extent. So you'll have plenty of ways to better understand the depth of the product and excitement around the product as the next few months come by. And we'll try to keep you informed in our next earnings call on how we see the demand developing for the product.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Clearly, we're very excited about it. We've seen it a couple of times over the last few months, and it's well along the way. And it has evolved substantially from the first Titanfall. First Titanfall was fantastic. This has added a whole new level to the game and the experience. It will be on both platforms, which obviously means, a bigger audience for Titanfall, particularly with the Sony platform is the one that hasn't experienced it. So they'll get a chance to experience the game. But at the same time, obviously the attach won't be anywhere near as high as it was, because it was one of the first AAA titles for the new Xbox One. And so obviously a lower attach. We think you're going to see numbers clearly larger than our Titanfall 1 franchise. And we've got good expectations for it, but we've tried to be prudent in how we forecast that in our guidance.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So on the first piece, I think we will continue to see subscriptions grow, particularly with EA Access and the strength of that product. And obviously based on the strength of that, we rolled out Origin Access, which is our Origin-based PC-based gaming with a similar structure as EA Access. We'll continue to push that. We think subscriptions are an important part of the future of this business, and you'll see that continue to grow. In the past, remember, we've had some accounting differences between products where something that looks like DLC might have been booked as a subscription because it was a series of DLCs over time, and that's what's made the subscription number go up and down over time. You'll continue to probably see some of that as we have different accounting methods. But I think the combination of extra content and subscriptions should continue to be a larger and larger portion of our business over time. I think that's an important piece of the mix. I think also as you look at the business, you'll see greater mobile concentration of growth, and the combination of mobile plus extra content and subscriptions is now starting to create a very nice foundation for the business. With that plus full-game downloads, we mentioned worth $2.5 billion, that's a wonderful foundation to make the revenue much smoother over time. On the revenue growth, let me be clear. It's not our aspirations to have single-digit revenue growth. It's our focus to try to maintain discipline on the operating model in the company. We don't want to over-invest and not deliver the revenue. That was the problem we had historically. So we talk about single-digit revenue growth simply because that's how we think about our investments, but we're trying to drive higher revenue growth if possible. And we'll do that on a case-by-case basis and decide if we can push the revenue harder or not. And sometimes products get moved based on when those products re ready or timing in the marketplace. But our goal is to try to drive both revenue, top line growth, and drive earnings growth. And if we can get both of those in double digits, that would be fantastic. We've been lucky enough to drive double-digit bottom line growth, and we'll continue to see that over the next few years, we believe.
Blake J. Jorgensen: It's probably in that zone. It could be plus or minus $25 million or $30 million. I remind people there are a couple components to that. One is our marketing and sales. We've tried to target that number between 12% and 13% of revenue. So obviously in a bigger revenue year like this year, we're going to spend more on marketing and sales to support things like Battlefield and Titanfall. So that's going to see a flux up and down based on the revenue component. Our R&D expenses we've tried to target around 21% to 22% of revenue, and we're tracking around that level now. And we feel like there's a huge opportunity for us to continue to invest in new areas of the business like the action genre where we haven't competed historically. It's a very ripe opportunity for us. And we've been able to bring great talent in to try to build out that part of the business. Our mobile areas with new studios coming on has also been important for us, and we'll continue to invest there. And then last but not least, continuing to build out the platform in which we operate all our games on and we're trying to leverage through that network will continue to be a key part of our investment. So you'll probably see that rough level as a percentage of sales be the focus going forward, which is a combination of the R&D level around 21% to 22%, marketing in the 12% to 13%, and G&A in the 7% to 8% range.
Blake J. Jorgensen: One thing to remember there, particularly for us, is that there's both the ability to sell advertising but maybe equally or more important is the ability to cross-promote to players to keep them in your network. And as we have a broader and broader portfolio of games, particularly in mobile, that cross-promotion advertising is very valuable to us. Holding on to a player in your network is very powerful, and so you'll see that type of advertising, which may be less obvious to the average user than a traditional advert that you might see in a game.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So let me take the first one and then I'll have Andrew talk a little bit about Battlefield. It's a difficult prediction. We know that PCs took about eight years to go from zero to 75% in full-game downloads, but there are a lot of differences between the PC business and the console business. We do know that the consumer is very interested in convenience, and we want to have product wherever the consumer wants to shop, be it a retail store or a console. We obviously have great partners in retail and we want to continue to have great partners over time, and so we will support them with great in-store merchandise and training and support. And at the same time try to help educate our console partners as well on how to best market the products digitally. Our best guess today is that growth continues at about the pace that it has over the last couple of years since Gen 4 consoles were rolled out. So could we see another 5% pop, meaning going from say the high-20%s to the mid-30%s? We do think that's possible. I think the big issues remain bandwidth. They remain cashless transactions. Many of our customers may not have a credit card and they need a cashless transaction method to be able to play digitally as well as, obviously, the residual value that some game retailers provide. All of those things are changing over time and we see that will continue to help support the growth of full game downloads. But we want to allow the consumer to decide. We'll give them opportunities to buy certain things digitally that they may not be able to buy physically – special digital-only offers. But at the end of the day, we really want to make sure we're allowing the consumer to buy the product wherever the consumer wishes to do that. And we want to make sure we're there.
Blake J. Jorgensen: And, Ben, I think part of that, the goal is to make sure we're giving both the sell-side and the buy-side exposure to the broader management team. And the chance to see the depth of what we've developed here as we feel very confident of it, and we're excited to make sure we showcase that next week.
Blake J. Jorgensen: I can't tell you a lot about what Microsoft or Sony or other console makers plans are. I think we've all seen some of the discounting that's been going on in the industry both through the holidays and post holidays. And there is continued aggressive bundling across the industry. And I think all of that acts to continue to drive people into consoles. I think the other thing that's important to remember is there are very few Gen 3 titles being still made. Most of the new titles that we're talking about as well as the industry is talking about are Gen 4-only, and that is a – will clearly start to push people to ultimately buy a new console if they've resisted, because they've had a choice to play a game on either Gen 4 or Gen 4. In terms of any mid-cycle upgrades, once again I can't predict. But what I can tell you is that what was heard I think publicly from the console makers is they're realizing that the compatibility issue across consoles is an important consumer issue. And as Microsoft has shown, they've tried to do with some backward compatibility on to older titles and new titles. I think that's going to be an important part of what a mid-cycle might look like if there is one, which removes a lot of the risk associated with what we've seen historically with console cycles. We don't spend a lot of time worrying about it, because we feel like our ability to develop for whatever new technology comes, the risk of that's been minimized because we've moved towards one single engine, Frostbite. And we're able to port that to whatever platform or point that to whatever platform is evolving or is upgraded. In addition, our business model is so much more diverse now than it has been historically, that the notion of a console cycle becomes somewhat irrelevant in our ability to generate strong earnings and cash flow. So we'll all be interested to see where Microsoft and Sony come out if they do something at E3 or sometime in the year to come, but we're excited about the continued growth in the business and not afraid of a cycle change if that was to occur.
Blake J. Jorgensen: In terms of M&A, I think over the last three years, we've gone through quite a transformation as a company, and three years ago we could not have talked about M&A without having most of you throw something at us. And we feel like we've now at least earned the right to talk about it. The reality is there is not a lot of things out there to buy. This is an industry that's fairly consolidated already. We look at everything that's being considered to be sold out there, or shopped. Most of them either we're not interested in or are at a price that doesn't make sense to us to create value for shareholders, but we'll continue to do that and we'll continue to look for ways to bring in new talent and new properties over time if those are an opportunity. But we're certainly listening probably more than we did three years ago and we're well aware of the opportunities out there and we'll continue to look at them.
Blake J. Jorgensen: With that, I think we're wrapped up. So I want to thank everyone. And we'll see people here next week for earnings – or for Analyst Day. And if not, we hope to see you at EA Play in June. Thanks for your time.
