Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Stuart. Our industry is growing as more people around the world dive into the sports, brands, storytelling, and legendary IP they love most. The definition of a game is also expanding beyond play as fans are watching, creating content, and making deep social connections in and around interactive experiences. How games are being made is changing as well. Advancements in Generative AI are accelerating the speed of development, boosting creativity and innovation, transforming what we can deliver, bringing bigger, broader games and experiences to an even larger global audience. The value and opportunity of delivering deeply interactive entertainment has never been greater. Our talented teams, industry leading technology, world-class IP, and growing global network of players position EA as a leader of the future of entertainment. Now, Stuart and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. I think Stuart can kind of talk about how we're playing that. I think what we're doing right now is we're planning for both of those potential outcomes. We feel very good about the launch so far. We've certainly brought in a meaningful amount of net new fans and net new players in the ecosystem, which is always an incredible sign and prediction for the future. We also know we still have a meaningful amount of people playing the previous game. And as we're starting to see, and it's less about the FC transition and more about our live service business in general, as we think about live services, we're seeing the transition from one launch to the next, be a little bit more organic. And certainly, as we have supported the live services right up until the new launch. There's often very good reason for people to continue playing the previous game. And so I do believe that we brought in new fans through an incredible game experience and incredible marketing, but we also recognize that we still have a meaningful population playing the previous game, and we're now working very deliberately and diligently to bring those over to FC and continue to grow the base of FC on a go-forward basis.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. The team continues to develop incredible content. They're very deeply connected with their fan community. And what we've started to see is different types of content, more dynamic content more content that has application across legends versus being legend specific and different chase mechanics inside the game. Again, there's a deeply committed community, a deeply engaged community and when they come in and see these chase mechanics, it really drives ongoing engagement. And so my expectation is the team will continue to test and learn and continue to innovate and evolve the experience in line with community needs and community demands and community expectations. But what we've seen so far is very positive results to the more dynamic nature of the events and the offers that they've been pushing into the experience.
Andrew Wilson: Well, it's still really early as we think about the future of this franchise. We are just getting started. But as we talked before, our orientation by transitioning to FC was really about how do we work with more partners around the world in a way they want to work with us. And that's both leagues, teams, players, competitions and commercial partners. It was really about how do we expand the modalities of play inside the game to do new and interesting things for a growing fan base, how to expand engagement opportunities outside the game? How do we really develop FC as a football fan platform, not just an interactive gaming experience and how do we move really, really quickly. We think that with the partner structure that we have now and the many partners that we have around us with the deep connection we have with the community and the investments that we've been making in and around development across the entire ecosystem console, PC, mobile, free-to-play and beyond the bounds of the game is that these things will start to manifest over the coming months, over the coming seasons and over the coming years.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. I mean that is our assumption. I mean, this is the biggest sport in the world, and it's growing exponentially. It's growing meaningfully in this country as well, but also globally, it continues to grow. And as we think about the football fan community kind of growing into being of gaming age, we see an opportunity to serve them across a bunch of different vectors. And so as we think about the value of FC as a platform, it really comes down to three things. One is how many people are in the network and playing, how much time are they playing in the context of that engagement and how deep are the connections they have with those that they play with? And as you look at our strategy as we roll that out across platforms, across modalities, across geographies and across business models, everything we are doing, we are looking to pull on those levers that bring more fans into the community and give them more opportunities to engage deeply with the experiences that we create and connect more meaningfully with the friends that they enjoy those experiences with and what that has meant is just an overall expansion of the opportunity, both in terms of how many people are in the community broadly and the overall seasonality of spend has been elongated throughout the year. And so we're seeing far more consistent spend throughout the year because it's not just about the connection to a season of football. It's about a deep connection to the friends they share the love of that season of football with, and that love is 365 days a year. And so as we think about building this out both in the context of FC in the context of American football, in the context of our broader EA SPORTS portfolio and in the context of our other Giant IP, Apex, The Sims, Battlefield, you should expect that we will look to replicate this across the portfolio as we invest deeply in these opportunities to bring global communities of gamers together and give them opportunity to engage more deeply in the experiences they love and connect more meaningfully with their friends that they enjoy the experiences with.
Andrew Wilson: Well, Eric, two great questions. I will try and cover them as best as I can and Stuart, please add details as we go. I think that when we think about recessionary predictions and the industry broadly, typically as an industry we have. I don't want to say, be recession-proof, but we have been more resilient than many industries have been and that's really because of two key things. One entertainment is a fundamental human need. It's very important to us as a species. And two, the form of entertainment that we offer to our communities represents incredible value even where there is constrained spending. As we look at the market today and we look across our portfolio, I think it probably is pretty consistent with what we see across the industry, which is the big games where there is deep engagement and deep social connection continue to benefit across our portfolio. And we are – but we do see different kind of spend patterns on a geo basis. There are some markets that are showing a little more softness than others relative to some of the growth that we're seeing across the world. We've heard others speak to some of the softness in market in Europe. We've certainly seen some of that across our portfolio. But in aggregate, on a global basis, we're seeing growth. As we think about Madden broadly, again, I just – I think we have been partners with the NFL for the best part of 30 years. Our teams work very, very closely with the NFL and the NFL Players Association and more importantly, NFL fans, football fans in this country and beyond the boundaries of this country. And the NFL is growing globally, and we see the NFL doing an incredible job of growing the sport and what our teams have been doing is building out again, thinking about these game experiences not just as one-off onetime experiences, but mechanisms to fulfill many motivations of sports fans and football fans. And those might be core gaming moments. Those might be more play trade moments, there might be more casual moments, there might be more arcade-like moments or there might just be moments to connect with other fans of the community. And what you're seeing from our teams right now is a deep commitment to fulfilling the needs and motivations what is a growing fan community for American football in this country and beyond. And I expect that we'll continue to work with the NFL and the NFL Players Association, our partners and the community broadly to continue to grow the business.
Andrew Wilson: Thank you all for being with us and for the great questions. Once again, I want to express my deepest appreciation to our incredible teams for delivering a really strong Q2. We look forward to updating you next quarter on January 30.
Stuart Canfield: Yes, Matt, I'll just add just to clarify. So yes, we remain on track for the low single-digit growth that we represented. I think two important pieces of context. Yes, we're off to a great start. To Andrew's point earlier, we obviously saw strength in Q2. And obviously, importantly, we're seeing – we're up high-single digits year-on-year through the first four weeks on our live service business. Caveat being, we remain prudent as we head into Q3 and Q4. As you remember from last year, we saw record Q4 across our business, up 31%, but we still feel confident and on track for low single-digit growth for the rest of the year.
Stuart Canfield: Yes, Ben, just on phasing, I think you've seen a great start. So naturally you've seen us pull forward a little bit through Q2 in the first three weeks, which is natural and part of the strategy as we launched FC. We expect Q3 to operate broadly in a similar manner as we progress through both season and the real world and heading into holiday. We expect Q4 will be more of a tougher comp in part because we had the World Cup pickup from players that flow through into Q4. So macro, yes, stronger start, consistent through Q3 and more of a flat consistency around Q4 given the comp on the prior year.
Stuart Canfield: Eric, I'll chime in here a little bit. We signed this out, and we talked about the restructuring heading out of our Q4 last year. And we continue just to sort of optimize both how we build going forward in both our current footprint today. So ongoing exercise for us, we continue to look at that as we work through the future of work.
Stuart Canfield: Yes. Thanks, Dave, for the question. In short, yes, we've got a couple of one-off benefits we talked out in the script before. So we have obviously naturally have improved operating foundations and flow of cash benefit from interest we're seeing by virtue of the record cash flow we talked to in our narrative. And then secondly, yes, we're obviously seeing some onetime tax benefits that are flowing through giving us that lift you're talking about, which is $250 million. In addition, we're also obviously changing free cash flow as well to the question before from Eric as we pulled down some of our capital future strategy on investment to increase that up as well. So yes, onetime benefits tied around tax and obviously, some operating benefits picked up by having greater cash at hand that's driving greater interest for us.
