Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Stuart. EA is set to launch some of the world’s most anticipated and celebrated games and experiences. At a time when our growing global community are choosing games as their first form of entertainment and primary way to stay connected with friends through shared fandom, the value and opportunity of creating interactive entertainment has never been greater. With our exceptional teams, an unrelenting commitment to execution, our world class IP, and technological advancements that will accelerate and expand our ability to deliver new levels of creativity and innovation, EA is building toward incredible growth in the years to come. Now, Stuart, Laura and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Eric. Let me take the first part of that, and then I'll hand-off to Stuart. I think that we have always believe that mobile is an incredibly valuable platform for us, not just in the context of being the world's largest gaming platform and our ability to generate return from blockbuster IP that is mobile native, but also our ability to use mobile as a tool for acquiring new users to our broader ecosystems of play. And you're seeing that happen around what will be FC later this year, what is currently FIFA and what will be FC later in this year. And we're also starting to see that as we build out towards other blockbuster ecosystems around our biggest IP. As I think about the business broadly, we spent a lot of time and a lot of energy over the last 12-months, really rightsizing the cost profile of our mobile business and really driving for great efficiency and higher levels of engagement and monetization across our very broad portfolio. And certainly, through Q1, we're seeing results ahead of our expectations. Our sense is that we will have growth from here, but it is a different mobile market that we're going into. Things do take longer from launch to scale in size. And certainly, we think the biggest opportunities are almost certainly around our big, broad IP-driven ecosystems.
Andrew Wilson: Okay. Great. Let me take the College Football piece, and I'll hand-off to Stuart to think about FIFA in the quarter. The team is making incredible progress around college football. Again, we have a long history and an incredible legacy around building this great game in terms of the context of American football, in addition to our very, very, very famous and culturally relevant Madden franchise. College football has always played a meaningful part in gameplay in this country. The team is doing an incredible job building out what would be the future of college football. Game players really coming together and really capturing all of the action and pageantry and the difference in college football versus the NFL. I feel very confident in what the team is doing. We've certainly -- we're working through the license situation broadly. And as of now, we've got many, if not most, of the schools' license as part of our licensing platform. And we'll continue to work with the various governing bodies of the sport in the country and some key third-party partners that we have around how and when to include college athletes themselves into the game, and we'll work very closely with them. But I'm confident that this will be an incredible reemergence of our college football experience that it will capture all the action and pageantry driven by the schools and all that goes on with the schools and the conduct of this game. And I do believe that we'll find a place where we can work in lockstep with the athletes for inclusion in the game as well.
Andrew Wilson: One thing I would add there on mobile broadly and on live services broadly is that given that we have this broad portfolio of live services across console, across PC free-to-play, across mobile, we brought in some incredible mobile native talent with our Glu acquisition with Golf Clash. We're starting to really reconcile how to effectively drive these live services at scale. And that includes both how we build core game mechanics, how we build new modalities of play on top of those core game mechanics, how we drive user acquisition, and how we really build modalities of play and live events on a more regular basis to drive extraordinary retention in our franchises. And what you're seeing in our football franchise broadly across console, PC free-to-play and mobile and we're starting to see in the conduct of even the learnings that we've had with Apex coming out of Season 17, and what we're doing in and around mobile, really embedding this great learning that we've had as we brought new talent into the organization. And as we, as an organization, have learned to run these live services at scale, our expectation is this will continue to be a strong tailwind for us as the nature of the industry continues to change, and we operate in this new version of our industry at scale.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. So first, let me talk about Apex a little bit, and Laura can probably even provide some more detail. Again, this is -- this extraordinary franchise, which has continued to grow and is one of the great franchise in our industry right now, and has its ebbs and flows, and we've seen its ebbs and flows. And again, if I go back to my previous comment, as a company that has been running live services at scale now for nearly two decades, we launched our first live service with FIFA Online back in 2006, we've seen these ebbs and flows in and around our live services. And certainly, we've seen that in the context of Apex. And so we come off a record-level Season 16, the team made some really interesting and creative and innovative changes in 17. That didn't meet our expectations. It's also relevant to note that we went into a very competitive quarter. We -- a few things are happening now. One is the team has worked diligently to make very quick changes and respond to community feedback and community reaction and the performance of Season 17, and we're already starting to see momentum as we go through our current quarter. But this is the nature of our business today is that we will continue to innovate at the very cutting edge of entertainment. Many of those things will work. And by virtue of the collective learning of our organization, we will almost certainly learn faster than others in the industry. But that doesn't mean that there won't be some ebbs and flows. And as we think about the long-term day of the franchise, we factor that in.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. Let me start there, and then Laura can come in and kind of share a little about how she's thinking about the entertainment part of the company. Again, we've had this -- we are in as a company, first and foremost, around our plays. We have over 700 million in our network, and they're spending more and more time with us. And as we think about the future, serving those players in a world where they choose interactive entertainment as their first form of entertainment and they choose the games and experiences that they play as the number one way to connect and stay connected with their friends. And as we think about the future of entertainment, for us, when we drive towards entertaining and engaging that audience of 700 million that we hope grows well beyond 1 billion to 2 billion over the course of time, we wanted to really think about how best to serve those players. And while we're almost absolutely or certainly have crossover between players who play FC and Apex and Need for Speed and Madden, the nature of development and the nature of how those games are built and developed is very different and is getting more different as time passes. And what we wanted to get to as we continue to scale the company, as we continue to scale our franchises and scale the live services that are born from those franchises, get to a place where we were able to empower our creative leaders even more than we have been. We've been on a move over the last five or six years to really give more power to our creative leaders to build and grow and drive their businesses with the direct connection that they have with our players. And we want -- this was the very next evolutionary step in that process and really about giving them more creative autonomy, business autonomy as they are most deeply connected and directly connected to these networks of players and these communities of players that they play with. And it was really about getting to an accelerated level of decision-making and an accelerated level of development. I think we're already starting to see the benefits of that. We've outlined our strategy very clearly. We believe that the future of entertainment is interactive. We believe that any large-scale entertainment company will need to understand and appreciate and be able to develop in the conduct of interactive entertainment for these audiences that are choosing what we do as their first form. And as we think about that building out these platforms that deliver experiences and entertainment that entertain massive online communities, this ability to tell blockbuster interactive stories and its ability to harness the power of these communities not just inside the game, but outside the game, and as we look at what's going on with FC right now, as we think about a reimagined Madden, as we think about the reemergence of college football and all that's happening across our EA SPORTS portfolio, we're seeing accelerated moves towards that. As I think about what's happening in Laura's organization and the speed at which the Respawn team has been able to respond in the context of what's happening in Apex Season 17 as we move towards Apex Season 18, as we think about what's happening for Battlefield and what's happening for The Sims, I'm really excited, because I think we're already seeing the clock speed of our organization increase. And my sense is that will mean that we will build more things, better things, higher-quality things that entertain more people around the world over time.
Andrew Wilson: I think right now, we feel very good about who we are as a company and the capabilities and talent and teams and IP we have across the organization. And we have a very clear strategy and an even clearer pipeline for growth across IP and across platforms. That being said, I think we're always looking for great opportunities to drive even more growth and entertain even more people through great games and experiences in IP. And we'll continue to work and look at that over the course of time. But it's not something right now that we're actively engaged in.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. We don't have anything to announce today, but we have an incredible partnership with Disney and Lucas. We've had incredible success in that partnership across the Battlefront and the Star Wars Jedi franchise and absolutely with Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes. Our teams are always thinking about what are new experiences that we might be able to create. Certainly, I would love to see more in the Jedi franchise over time. It's just this extraordinary game that tells us extraordinary story. And certainly, again, we may be a little biased, but our sense based on the feedback that we're getting from our community and the quality of that product, it's one of the great beats in the Star Wars Galaxy this year and will likely continue to be a very meaningful part of that Galaxy for many years to come. And certainly, as we bring it to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, we think there'll be another little bump there for the franchise. And so nothing to announce today other than we have an incredible relationship with Disney. We've had incredible success so far in that partnership. And to the extent that we can find new opportunities to execute against new experiences, including live services as part of that partnership, we will explore them.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, great question. I would think about this probably in three buckets. The first is the launch went incredibly well. And certainly, that was the first moment we talked about FC. We've been building towards this for some time and working incredibly closely with our partners in a very directly connected way with our global community across console, across PC, across mobile, across geographies. So the launch went incredibly well and was nearly double the positive performance of the launch versus FIFA 23, which in and of itself had achieved some records in terms of its launch awareness and its launch access. So our expectation there is very, very strong that we've hit the right tone. We've built incredible relationships with partners so that we have all of the right license content. Everything we had before, plus more. We've got game teams across console, PC and mobile that are all innovating at the very front-line to make sure that this is not just a change of symbol, but it is, in fact, a symbol of change. And so if I combine what's happening with -- what happened at the launch and the feedback and performance of that with what we're doing in the game, we feel very good about that element. The second element I would point you towards is just the performance of the franchise broadly. We've highlighted this many times before. One of the greatest predictors of future success is both recency and depth of engagement. And on both of those fronts, the existing franchise continues to perform exceptionally well. Again, what we said in the script was it just had its second record quarter in a row. And even as typically you would see that starting to wane as there's not much going on in the world of football right now, at least cup football but for the Women's World Cup, which is doing great things in Australia, New Zealand, we would typically start to see the business wane at this point. And we're not -- we're seeing still really strong engagement and regular engagement from our community. And so that in and of itself is probably one of the greatest predictors of future success. And then third, as we highlighted in the script, we've got a giant marketing budget against this. If you're on mobile or PC free-to-play, you will wake up and your existing experience will now be FC, and you will get all of the new benefits of that. And if you're on console, we're going to be spending a meaningful amount of money. Certainly, more than we ever have done before. We are taking no risk on that front to make sure everybody that loves football in the world understands what FC is, how it applies to them and that it's coming in September. And so net of all of that, I think that if you take into account our launch, plus the quality of the games that we're making across platforms, you take into account the current engagement and recency and regularity of that engagement, and you take into account that we are literally rallying the entire company behind this launch more than we ever have in the 40-years of the company's history around any launch, we feel very good about it.
Andrew Wilson: As I don't know that I can comment specifically on student debt or what might happen there. What I would say is this, though. Entertainment is a fundamental human need, and it has been since the beginning of time. As we look at the emerging generations of consumers, including students, they're choosing interactive entertainment as their first form of entertainment. There's a couple of reasons for that. One, it is way more engaging than maybe what traditional entertainment was. Two, it helps you connect with friends and stay connected with friends. So the nature of the relationships that you build through your consumption of these entertainment properties is significantly more rewarding on a personal basis than watching a movie ever was. And I love movies. But three, the most important thing is it represents the best value entertainment. Even as you think about our incredible scale and the incredible financial performance and growth that we have ahead of us, at an individual consumer level, it still represents the best value entertainment on the planet on a per-hour basis of entertainment. And so I'm not sure what will happen with student debt. But my sense is as we continue to see our industry grow and we continue to see our company grow, as we continue to scale the nature of experiences that we deliver to our consumers and the level of entertainment and connection that provides them, that regardless of what happens in that area, we will continue to be their first choice for entertainment.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. So let me touch on the first part. I do think we continue to see big titles getting bigger and live services getting bigger. And certainly, as a company with a broad portfolio of large-scale IP and large-scale live services, we believe that we will be long-term beneficiaries of that trend. We do -- that doesn't mean that we won't build smaller titles over the course of time. There are these incredible stories that we believe should be told in the context of entertainment. We are focusing our investments so that we can build a cost base around those that's appropriate, but we're also really getting behind our biggest opportunities. And as we've talked about our strategy and building these experiences that entertain massive online communities, our expectation is that will be a large-scale growth driver for us. But, when thought about the right way, games like Dragon Age and Jedi can tell truly blockbuster stories and really break into that top category of games. I think what we see today is the mid-tier and lower games that maybe did pretty well through COVID, because people had a lot of spare time, they're the parts of the industry that really aren't doing and performing as well. And as we think about our future, you should expect we will continue to focus our investments and our energy and our resources against these big opportunities because we do believe that is where the industry is trending.
Andrew Wilson: Okay. Thank you very much for being with us today, and thank you for all of your questions. Once again, I want to express my deepest appreciation to our incredible teams for delivering a record Q1. We look forward to updating you next quarter on November 1 after what I think is going to be our biggest EA Sports season ever, including Madden 24 and of course, our highly anticipated launch of EA SPORTS FC 24. Thank you so much. Have a great day.
Stuart Canfield: Eric, just to add on a couple of points there on the financial side. Obviously, we talk to in Q1 outside of the Apex headwinds, which will be there for several quarters as we lap the sunset of the title. Obviously, we're up 3% and 5% at constant currency as we saw in the script. I think how do we preface that Q-over-Q, we're seeing, to the point in the script, overperforming expectations on some of our key titles we called out Galaxy of Heroes. We talked to FIFA. We continue to roll out on Lord of the Rings: Heroes of Middle-Earth and expect that to continue to grow through subsequent quarters. We are expecting and have guided to a 1% growth in Q2 as well. So overall, we saw a stabilization in Q4. We saw acceleration in terms of the GAAP Q-over-Q in terms of declines year-over-year, and we feel well-positioned behind the strategy levers that Andrew just laid out.
Stuart Canfield: And Clay, with regards to specifically your question on FIFA, I think I'll just frame up first. I think the second successive record quarter for us with the franchise, the growth was across all platforms. We alluded to mobile net bookings almost doubling Q-over-Q. We saw double-digit growth collectively across all forms, full game through Ultimate Team, Mobile and FO4 for one of our most successful quarters in FIFA.
Stuart Canfield: On the daily side, that's really referencing a couple of pieces. One on the mobile side, in particular, as the team have continued to drive reoccurring frequency in content drops. We used to have a much larger spaced-out live service consideration. Now the teams are bringing much greater frequency and therefore greater engagement by virtue, and you're also seeing that evolve itself through the bookings and the overall performance of the mobile SKU.
Stuart Canfield: And Andrew, just to cover for you the financial-specific question upfront as well. And if I back off everything Andrew and Laura just noted, I'm just thinking about, obviously, we entered the year with a more measured approach given the prior Q3 and Q4. We know Q3 is a natural competitive window for us. Inside of how we split the year on H1, obviously, we've got record FIFA performance across the franchise and obviously, mobile is ahead of our expectations. And you should think about Q4 from a seasonality perspective, Apex being one of our stronger quarters as well. So that's how ultimately it balances back in terms of the range on the guide.
Stuart Canfield: And Andrew, just to kind of look back on the long-term financial thinking. I think, as you know, obviously, we expensed versus capitalized, and we've been in an investment cycle as we build out the multi-year pipeline that Andrew referenced in his script. I think in terms of, is it going to be sort of normalized, I think we'll continue to map through sort of timing and sequencing for both those releases. You should expect us to start to talk to that towards the back-end of the calendar year early into the next calendar year. And we know we'll give more sort of credence to timing. We want to make sure that we are really clear with our development teams and get into the quarter levels we expect. But you should expect us to get to ultimately with that multi-year pipe sort of more step functional change in the future.
Stuart Canfield: Matt, just to add on to Andrew. Just a couple of things to think about. I think are important as you think about the financial guidance. Note, obviously, we will have dynamics in timing between Q2, hence the guide, and later in the year, particularly to the investment around FC, obviously, heavily Q2 prelaunch-focused. Also, you should start to think about, to your point on FC, how we nuance the timing and recognition of revenue between Q2 and Q3. Worth noting that the licensing structure will transition back half of the year versus front half of the year. And obviously, we had a heavier launch slate last year in the back half of the year. So we can work through that with you all in the call downs, but just note there's definitely ebbs and flows in timing, and particularly point that to Q2, in particular, as you look at the EPS we put out and how that resonates year-on-year.
Stuart Canfield: Ben, I'll tackle the second -- maybe the first one. I think, obviously, we're not going to create any guidance or direction on margin structure on a steady state go-forward. I think I'd just point you to the fact that, obviously, we've had depressed margins. We've continued to invest and expensed as we go. We do expect to get back to levels prior to a couple of years ago as we step that margin through. As you think about as we bring some of those titles to bear in the future, both from an owned IP perspective and some of the scale of Battlefield and we think about the business models that will come with other titles around Sims and skate, you should expect that to flow down and be accretive from a margin level as we step through in the future years.
Laura Miele: Thank you, Andrew, for the question. Just to add on to what Andrew was saying, I think he covered it well, as far as how we think about live services, experimentation, learning and responding to players. We also -- as we talked about in the opening statement, we have one of the most premier shooter developers in Respawn and in our ability and their strength in optimizing for the shooter audience. That huge strength we have has also provided a pretty significant opportunity for us as we think about new game modes and more accessibility for a broader player base. So think about us being incredibly strong with core shooter players. Again, 18 million active monthly players, over 70% retention, and we have a runway with more players around the world as the team thinks about more accessible modes, bringing in things such as bots to help new player experience and first-time player experiences. So there's a big focus on that. The second area, I would say, on Apex that the team is really focused on is just the geographic expansion. So we've had strong success in North America and Asia, and we were going to continue to evolve our strength there and look at culturalization, marketing areas of focus in other parts of the world to continue our growth. So again, good success and then more to come in that area. And then -- and we have opportunity in the third part of monetization and converting within the game play still. So even though we're 17 seasons in and 4.5 years in, we still see opportunity on monetization in areas such as IP integration, brand partnerships, evolving some of these heirlooms we have for the legends are specific to individual legends and we are looking at creating opportunities for these heirlooms and artifacts to span across all legends to appeal to broader players. So, we see still significant opportunity and growth in the franchise. And I think the team has a really good grasp and have their head around where we're prioritizing and what their focus is.
Laura Miele: Yeah. Thanks, Andrew. We just recently reorganized our company into two segments -- into divisions of entertainment and sports, and we think that there is significant growth potential still in both areas. And with a vertical focus in our entertainment business, which I am currently leading, we see significant growth potential in the development of these connected game ecosystems, as Andrew outlined, in action blockbuster titles as we talked about Marvel with our Black Panther and Iron Man and Star Wars games as well. So we see a really strong combination in our strategy around these connected games and these blockbuster action games. And I would say that this is a new evolution of our strategy. So to say that we would go back to development as we once knew it, I think that we are looking forward and continue to reinvent and evolve our development approach and practices based on the opportunity, based on our new strategy, and based on the new structure of our organization.
Laura Miele: Yes, very well said. And to layer on to what Andrew has outlined is that we are -- think about we are such a talent-centric company. And when you have the incredible talent and development leadership that we do, that we're lucky to have at Electronic Arts, oftentimes, as leaders we evaluate and look at how can we remove barriers, help the speed at which they develop and how they show it for our players. So we are incredibly focused on lifting up and removing friction for our talent so they can show up for our players every day. And we've talked about it a lot on this call about being a live service company and having content and updates in learning and turning and tweaking and using our levers to show up for our players and optimize that. That requires a vertical -- more vertical organization. And it requires as little friction and as much connection to go-to-market ideas, go-to-market strategies, commercial thinking around how we show up for players, as well as the game design, as well as technology. So the more we can integrate that, the faster we can accelerate the potential of our growth. And candidly, the more unleashed and untethered our talent feels, and it's a far more gratifying experience for them, we believe. And I will just tell you, too, on the entertainment side, we were just focused incredibly like lasers on execution. And so we know we have great talent. We know we have these incredible brands in skate, Sims, Apex, Battlefield, Marvel, Star Wars. We know we have the makings of incredible product experiences. Now we have to have heads down, execute, help the teams move as quickly as they can, accelerate that through technology and support and let them run, so we can get to this growth that we know we are capable of in the coming years.
Laura Miele: Thanks, Colin. I'll take the Apex question, and then we can talk about the broader Star Wars piece next. On Apex, the way to think about it is when you -- when we have these live services, and I laid out the areas of expansion of new addressable audiences and players, geographic expansion, and then monetization conversion mechanics that will evolve over time, we think about and look at the Apex development cycle and candidly, most live services cycles as short, mid and long-term. So you will see some -- we will see some adjustments and changes in Season 18. And we expect to see even bigger, more impactful changes in 19 and 20 and into the future for the following year. So again, there's a lot the team can do and what they have levers on. And then there are some things, such as modes or changes in mechanics, that just take a longer runway to develop.
Laura Miele: Hi, David, I'll take the Apex mobile question. As Vince and the team evaluate and look at, again, the runway and potential that we have on the franchise beyond the short mid-term that I've outlined today, we see really strong potential in further storytelling, in additional modalities in genre of play. Remember, Apex is set in the Titanfall world. There's a lot of demand and interest in this universe. So as we -- as they evaluate and we look at where the opportunities are, we are looking at new genres, we're looking at potential new platforms, and we are looking at, as I mentioned earlier, the geographic expansion. So nothing to announce today, but all things are not only under consideration, but a meaningful part of our strategy for the future of the brand.
