Blake J. Jorgensen: This is Blake. As we talked about in the last quarter's guidance, component of the call when we were giving full year guidance, we helped people understand that Gen3 sports titles would be down year-over-year, slightly, with the exception of FIFA, which we believe will continue to see growth because of the strength of that franchise around the globe and that sport around the globe. We are conscious of the fact that some of those titles will also sell on Gen4, Madden for example, FIFA, NHL, and we want to make sure that we're marketing those titles into Gen4 and making that transition as smooth as possible, as Peter mentioned. But for the year, we're assuming, because some of those titles ship before the Gen4 boxes are out, that the total franchise, both Gen3 and Gen4, will be down slightly and that's built into our guidance.
Blake J. Jorgensen: It's a relatively small portion. We haven't carved it out publicly. But since the installed base of Gen4 will still be relatively small even through the Christmas cycle or holiday cycle and the bulk of our titles fall in the first 3 quarters of the year, our assumptions are that a relatively small portion of our total revenue will actually be Gen4 this year.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So on the digital piece, Sebastian, so $495 million total net revenue for the quarter. Of that, $378 million was digital, and that's a year-over-year growth of about 17%. I think important as well is the trailing 12 months now has total digital at $1.7 billion, or 28% year-over-year trailing 12-month growth. Inside the digital business, we tried to break out for people here in the formal part of the script, the key components. The mobile side of the business, up 30%. That's pretty consistent with the guidance we provided during our call last quarter for the full year. And that really is being driven by continued growth of The Simpsons franchise, Real Racing and FIFA Online 3 in Asia. And the part of the business that is also up big is an extra content business. We'd actually guided for the full year for that to be flat, because many of the social titles that we took out of the year, last year as part of our restructuring process. But the FIFA Online or FIFA Ultimate Team business continues to perform extremely well and drove that business up 35%. In addition, as you know, we started a free-to-play Star Wars business, and part of that is showing up in the extra content. So you're seeing the subscription business down 25%. That's a reduction -- some of the people moving away from Star Wars subscriptions and playing the free-to-play, which is helping drive the extra content side of the equation. And then last but not least, full game downloads was up about 12%. A lot of that is based on both franchises that Peter mentioned earlier, Battlefield and FIFA, where people are continuing to buy full game download versions of that even well into the second year of that franchise.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Sure. So I'll start and then I'll let Frank follow up on the Battlefield part of the question. We're not going to, Justin, give any new guidance relative to our digital growth. I think if there was a surprise in the quarter, it was the continued strength of FIFA Ultimate Team, as well as continued growth in full game downloads for some of the franchises that, frankly, are at the tail end of their life. Battlefield 3, for example, this is still going strong even though we're getting close to shipping Battlefield 4. So that helped drive some of the full game download. Star Wars continues to do well, and obviously, the mobile business is growing with the growth of the mobile platforms around the globe and we're benefiting from that. I think we're pretty consistent in where we think our guidance originally was on the growth there. And if that changes a lot, we'll let you know about it in future quarters. But right now, I think the general focus should be that the guidance is about the same on digital and on packaged goods going forward.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Sure. Let me hit the over delivery in Q1, and then I'll have Frank talk a little bit about Facebook games. So we are being cautious because obviously, 12% of our revenue plan has been achieved in Q1. We've got 24% phasing in Q2 and 45% in Q3. That's a lot of revenue ahead of us. And many of our costs are variable: Marketing, outside contractors that help a lot of the last-minute game testing that goes on, as well as purely the margin associated with the games volumes. And so since we've got so much ahead, we feel like some of the cost will get phased into those quarters, and we could use that or need that, and thus we're not changing our guidance. I think the other way to look at it is we've got 130-plus percent of our EPS to now go -- to go bring in, still a lot of work ahead. And I think all of us are focused on trying, as Larry said, maintain the flat cost year-over-year. We're confident that we can do that. But as part of our plan, we will not -- don't get ahead of ourselves by moving up guidance too quickly.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. All I'll add -- assume that we've baked into our forecast this year the business there. These types of arrangements take some time, as you know, to get up and running. We're very excited about the longer-term potential but we know it'll take some time. You should assume that we booked this as a net accounting, and also that the terms would be pretty standard with other type of terms you would see in a deal like this in China.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. This is Blake. Our focus is continuing to try to drive OpEx, flat OpEx, which means really savings across the whole organization. We've talked about reorganizing marketing under Peter and really driving the marketing organization towards more active use of the online components of marketing, where we're connected with our customer base as much as possible and really leveraging that. Clearly, Frank's very focused on managing through the Gen4 transition and making sure that we're very focused on keeping our costs down while moving through that transition and trading out lower -- cost of the Gen3 titles that we'll start to transition over to Gen4. And then obviously, across all of the platform that our Chief Technology Officer, Rajat, has been driving really been to try to maintain and build a back office that allows us to deliver, digitally, all of the titles that we are planning on doing in our digital business all ourselves and bring our overall gross margins up with that. We've talked publicly about a multiyear plan. We're not giving multiyear guidance but we do see a path to operating margins that are clearly into the 20s. And we're all very focused on doing that and doing that without impacting -- more importantly or most importantly without impacting the quality of our games and the ability for us to deliver a great consumer experience.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. I'll -- let me start and then Frank can get you -- probably a give you a little bit more color on what's going on with Battlefield or Peter as well. We're very optimistic based on what we saw coming out of E3. The excitement that was on the floor, the excitement around our press conference, the fact that we had 64 players playing virtually nonstop every hour the booth was open, was a very big positive, not to mention all of the nominations we got for awards. All of that continues to help us signal that we should be able to do what we did for Battlefield 3 in the year which its shipped, our fiscal '12. I don't want to speculate today if we're going to ship more or less than that. I think we're still sticking with the guidance that we provided. And a big Battlefield is obviously important to us but we're very focused on that as the marketing floor is very much in gear. And I don't know if Peter or Frank want to add to that.
Blake J. Jorgensen: To a part of your question as well, there's been an amazing length of the Battlefield franchise -- or lengthening of the Battlefield franchise, particularly with the premium offering, that we put in place. Everyone knows the deferred revenue that we have last year from Premium, it really speaks to the amount of players that are still actively involved with our franchise and continuing to buy both the original Battlefield 3, the Battlefield Premium offering and teeing up, as Peter said, with pre-orders for Battlefield 4.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Let me just hit the bin [ph] on the last one real quickly. That was expected in guidance, and we're pretty -- it was exactly as we thought. We would see some softness in Gen3, and that's built into what we saw at the tail end of the quarter as well as our guidance for Q2.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. Let me start and then I'll let Frank talk about Origin a little bit. So on the buyback, we don't assume in our guidance any buyback just because it's difficult to do. And you can see this year, our buybacks has not been -- we have -- did not operate it in the first quarter because of just simply where we are in our buyback grid. We are assuming in the share count just a basic attrition assumptions inside of our company as well as issuance assumptions as part of that. So that's all you're seeing there. And we'll keep people informed as we turn the buyback back on. Our intention is to continue to buy back stock, and we're simply in between stages of that program right now. Just quickly on the development cost, and then Frank can probably add to this, is that we've told The Street both last year and this year, that roughly $80 million to $100 million a year was built in last year, and then an incremental $80 million to $100 million on top of that this year. So you got a couple of hundred million dollars of Gen4 costs. Now there's offsets to that, both in terms of Gen3 costs as well as some of the other costs that we went in to try to bring down to make sure we can hold our operating costs flat. And, obviously, that will bleed off over time as we get better at developing Gen4 titles.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes. So on the headcount piece, it's not a recognition issue, it's the slowing of hiring. Part of that's coming through the work that we're doing on just trying to maintain a leaner organization, and part of it is coming through the timing for when those people are required in the company. And so you might see continued hiring during the year. Right now, it's been down because of some of the actions we took in Q4 and early Q1. In terms of your second question, I've forgotten it.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, margin impact of Origin. We've talked publicly about our goals to be driving gross margin as well as operating margin. And in the gross margin component, we've got a couple of things, which is, one, how do we operate a very strong platform, including Origin, to be able to do all of the servicing of online business from billing, collections, marketing and so forth. We clearly are bringing -- we've been bringing that in-house and that comes in-house at a lower cost to us, and we think that will help us continue to drive gross margin. As you see, we've gone from 55% in the mid-2000 timeframe to now 66%, and we think there's an opportunity to be able to drive that closer into the high 60s over the next couple of years and maybe into the 70s longer term. And so that's clearly our goal and Origin is great key component of that.
Frank D. Gibeau: Yes, this is Frank. I'll start with the first question. The good news is we're seeing that those alternative business models are already in action with games like FIFA and Battlefield. So now if you look at Ultimate Team and how we performed in fiscal '13 for FIFA, that was a $200 million digital opportunity for us. And going forward, those alternative business models, as it relates to Battlefield Premium and FIFA Ultimate Team, will continue expanding, continue to grow as the online capabilities of the Gen4 machines really manifest themselves and become real. We'll seek to expand those opportunities across additional franchises. And we are experimenting with some additional business models that you'll see come out as we release new IPs and new titles over the first 24 months of the Gen4 platforms.
Frank D. Gibeau: This is Frank. On Battlefield 4 digital, we have nothing to announce on that particular approach today. We'll have some announcements coming in the next several weeks. So we'll give you more clarity and understanding of what we're going to do there.
Frank D. Gibeau: This is Frank. As we look at our content plans out over the next several years, some of the things that we looked at was frankly the opportunity cost of these different platforms versus each other. And for Electronic Arts, we saw a much bigger opportunity and much bigger audience on mobile and on the consoles for the types of products and brands that we have. So we've de-prioritized the social segment for our portfolio and moved those resources and teams to focus in on the opportunity in mobile, as well as to help us continue to grow and maintain the console side of the business. There's still a very active gaming business on Facebook and in the social channels, and we do participate there with several franchises and services. But our emphasis and focus over the next several years is going to be on mobile and HD consoles.
Frank D. Gibeau: Yes, this is Frank. I'll take the NCAA license question. Basically, we are committed to the college football business. EA SPORTS is going to be publishing a college football game next year across multiple platforms with our partners at the Collegiate Licensing Company. And our fan base is going to see all the teams, conferences and innovative features that we're known for and what makes that franchise so great. So we don't think we're going to miss a beat here. The NCAA name and marks will leave the game, but the great game play content and capturing that college football spirit will be there for next year.
Frank D. Gibeau: I'll just add that we were -- that the DICE team was very encouraged and excited by the reception at E3. We will be publishing the game across 5 platforms this Christmas, and we're excited about how we're matching up against the competition and what the generation 4 technology on Xbox One and PlayStation 4 is going to enable us to do. We have a lot of innovation happening in the multiplayer game and new online features. But in addition to that, the single player experience has got even more epic than in Battlefield 3. So we feel like it's a generation ahead of Battlefield 3. We believe that we will exceed expectations, and it's very exciting around here right now in terms of the teamwork that we're putting against Battlefield 4.
Frank D. Gibeau: Yes, this is Frank, I'll start and maybe Peter can dial in with some of answers here. Let me start with just the general shape of the mobile business. Right now, it's growing like gangbusters. And a lot of that is due to its global nature. It's a platform that appeals across multiple regions and multiple territories. But they're very unified platforms to publish into so it's very efficient for us. Google, the Android system versus iOS, it is a bit of a rivalry right now and there's a lot of competition and there's a lot of attention and capital being deployed there to try and grow their respective businesses. We publish on both. Over the last year, we've been really expanding our Android offerings across of our titles, and that has proven to be a key growth driver for us. And we see a lot of growth in front of us, especially driven by the blockbuster titles that we have in front of us. Plants vs. Zombies 2, which comes out at the end of this quarter, is a freemium design and we'll be releasing across iOS. It will have a curve that is typical of a free-to-play game, but what you notice in mobile is what takes several years to unfold in a console business happens in a few months in mobile. But you could anticipate that these titles are starting to feel bigger and bigger and bigger. And the curves which used to be a lot slower or lower and slow are, I think, actually starting to spike a little bit earlier. But the great thing is they're really sustaining. The Simpsons is now in its second year and is doing great revenue numbers. The Sims Freeplay, as Peter mentioned earlier on the call, is in its 18th month and is seeing record revenue days and weekends. So these live services that are constantly updated with features and content, we can keep alive for multiple years. So the ecosystem on Android, the ecosystem on iOS is very positive for Electronic Arts, and we're just moving from success to success in mobile.
Frank D. Gibeau: This is Frank. If you think about high-definition console development from fiscal '13 to fiscal '14, it's flat year-over-year. What we've adjusted is the mix underneath. We're doing less current gen development, more next gen. So anything that starts to go up on next gen, Gen4-specific development is being offset by a reduction in either the SKU count or the investment in Gen3. So the mix is really what we're managing but keeping the total flat. So HD console spending flat year-over-year. As it relates to Origin, a quick update there is we're still seeing very strong growth. Digital titles like SimCity, Battlefield continue to push the full game download components of Origin. And we're committed to making that a world-class service for consumers that makes the games better. Total installs are now north of 50 million. Mobile installs are north of 22 million. We have over 500 third-party games available across the service. And we expect a very favorable year for Origin coming up, with Battlefield being a big launch for us at holiday and seeing continued sustained sales in The Sims business, as well as SimCity heading into the holiday. So we're committed to Origin, we like where we're at. We know we can do better and are committed to doing so and that's the update on Origin.
Frank D. Gibeau: Yes, this is Frank. On the shooter category at E3, we announced Battlefield 4, Titanfall, as well as Star Wars: Battlefront, which has a third person component to it, so we think of it in the same category. But generally, when you look at those 3 franchise opportunities, that's how we're going to build our shooter business going forward. We're very excited at the reception for all 3. Titanfall was the Game of the Show, Battlefield 4 did extremely well in terms of demand and reviews and an anticipated buzz, and then Star Wars: Battlefront, we showed, I think, 22 seconds of kind of where we're going with it and the fan response is very positive. The DICE team is well in the development on that product already. So we feel very bullish about our shooter rotation over the next several years. Real Racing 3 is a terrific experience for us, very high quality game, released and reached a very wide audience. We've been committed and will continue to be committed to releasing content, as Peter mentioned earlier. And we've added Mercedes-Benz and Bentleys to the experience. Because it's a live service, we will constantly be adjusting it and responding to user feedback and looking at the KPIs inside the economy and constantly tweaking and making that a better game and service over the long term. So we fully expect that we'll be in the Real Racing 3 business for years, much like we see with The Simpsons as well as Sims Freeplay.
Peter Robert Moore: Okay, Colin, this is Peter. And your question -- your final question on pre-orders, yes. This is something that, of course, you and I have seen over the years. It transitions as the consumers are anticipating the next gen hardware. We're seeing softness, in particular, on our key sports titles on current gen pre-orders. I think consumers anticipate getting the new hardware. We certainly came out of E3 with renewed enthusiasm for new hardware, and I think that's being reflected in current gen pre-orders. The only difference being that we are actually seeing strong pre-orders for Battlefield 4 versus where we were on Battlefield 3 at this time prior to launch. So softness as anticipated and as planned in pre-orders for sports titles right now. Probably the exception on that is FIFA, which we continue to see great anticipation around the world. I think pre-orders will start to come in late as consumers start to realize that there may be not enough hardware to go around for every consumer in the world to buy a next gen piece of hardware. But this is as planned, as anticipated. I do see and expect to see some pickup as we get closer to launch.
Peter Robert Moore: Doug, it's Peter. Yes, as we said a couple of times now on the call, we anticipated a little bit of a slowdown in current gen. It's a current gen-only title. It's tracking below where we were with last year's title and nothing that we didn't anticipate, a long way to go yet, obviously, in selling this title through, but we're down versus where we were last year.
Peter Robert Moore: So Stephen, on the FIFA Online TenCent deal, we're actually going to be in Shanghai tonight. The team is on the ground there making the announcement. I'm going to leave some of the details for them. I don't want to steal the thunder of what's going on there, and we obviously are not going to disclose the actual terms. But to reiterate what I said on the call, world's biggest publisher -- digital online publisher, world's biggest market, world's biggest sport. It's all good.
Peter Robert Moore: Yes. We'll be announcing -- as I said, we'll be announcing further deals as we get further down the line but nothing to announce right now.
Peter Robert Moore: And Brian, on your question on the TenCent deal, actually, no. The thing that's different here is that we were rolling off a game with a different publisher, taking a user base and then migrating it very well as Nexon did on to the next version of the game in Korea. This is a little bit of a startup, if you will, with what TenCent is doing. So we see a slower ramp. We're not going to see much impact in this fiscal year. These are the types of things that build year 1, year 2, year 3 out. So in answer to your question, no. But the optimism for, again, world's biggest publisher, world's biggest game, world's biggest market is huge for us.
Peter Robert Moore: And James, one more point from me. As I mentioned earlier, our pre-orders are stacking up well versus Battlefield 3. We came off a very strong E3. As I travel the world and speak to retailers, there is incredible optimism and anticipation for this title. And Frank and his team and, in particular, the DICE team has done brilliantly coming out of E3. I think we're well positioned versus our competition in this segment. And our 50 million target, which is what we ended up and what we currently have at Battlefield 3 feels very achievable. So we're feeling good there.
Peter Robert Moore: Yes. And on the question on the publishers, we are absolutely as a platform-agnostic publisher, enjoying the same situation we have in consoles right now, which is Sony and Microsoft, we now have with Apple and Google. The growth, in particular, of the Android operating system, as Frank pointed out, now puts us in a very enviable position because of 2 things. We have world-class brands that consumers find very easily on both the App Store within Google Play, and you have brands now The Simpsons, Sims, Real Racing that are really starting to pull away from the competition there. So having both Google and Apple vie for our attentions and having our brands on their platforms is a very enviable position for EA and we continue to be able to leverage that going forward.
Peter Robert Moore: Yes. This is Peter. On the next gen pricing strategy, we have not announced obviously any pricing that is set by the retailer. We're working on our pricing strategy right now for the holiday. We need more information obviously from our first-party partners. But no announcements to make. Those will come from retailers when they set their prices.
