Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Blake. The world loves to play games. As the global gaming audience continues to grow and spend more time with the games they love, interactive entertainment is an increasingly important part of our daily life. At the heart of this is social connection, the unique ability that games have to connect and inspire players to be part of a shared experience. New platforms, new technologies and new ways to engage will continue to fuel growth for the industry. And through these opportunities, we are positioning EA to lead. It begins with great games that can fulfill the motivations of a diverse global player base. We continue to invest across our portfolio to deliver the depth, breadth and quality of experiences that players seek. Our top titles across sports, simulation, shooters and racing connect hundreds of millions of players on console, PC and mobile. We create experiences in some of the most popular owned IP in the industry, including The Sims, Battlefield, Need for Speed and Plants vs. Zombies. We've introduced powerful new IP like Apex Legends and we are building new licensed experiences like Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order. Our pipeline is full of innovative new projects for our current franchises, new IP and plans to revisit some of our fan favorite brands as we continually work to bring more high-quality games to our players across a growing number of platforms and devices. Live services enable us to build powerful communities where players come together and continue to share in the experiences they love. We've had great success building deeply engaged long-term communities in Ultimate Team, The Sims, Battlefield, Star Wars and more. And now, we're adding that with our massive player base in Apex Legends. Each live service is different, designed uniquely for the community it serves. They also enable us to continually learn from our players, their feedback and their motivations so we can drive more innovation and creative exploration in the future. Interactive entertainment today transcends the act of playing a game. New ways to engage like esports are becoming just as important. With FIFA and Madden, we have the largest esports ecosystem in sports games, and Apex Legends is going to be a major new addition to the global competitive gaming scene this year. We believe that our games can make competition accessible to everyone with the opportunities to bring competitive play to more of our franchises. And we look forward to delivering for more players, viewers, sponsors and broadcasters around the world. With games becoming an increasingly important part of our lives, subscriptions offer compelling new value proposition for players. Other industries have demonstrated how subscriptions fundamentally shift consumer behavior. We consume more television content in different ways because of video subscriptions. We consume more music in different ways because of music subscription services. We believe the same is happening with games where subscriptions can offer access to great content at great value with tremendously low friction. When combined with cloud streaming, the barriers are lowered even further, making it even more compelling to jump into new games and connect with new communities.  The subscription opportunity is powerful for both players and game creators, and we're continuing to invest in our leading services on console and PC. In addition to more great games, passionate global communities and new ways to engage, there will be more transformative shifts on the horizon. The content push of progress and innovation is what sets this industry apart from every other form of entertainment. With our teams of incredibly talented developers, artists and engineers, we are working to drive creativity, quality and fun through every aspect of the player experience now and in the future. We look forward to sharing more updates in the months to come. Now, Blake and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: So again, I think we think about FIFA as a platform that brings together soccer fans or football fans depending on which country you're from together to share in their passion for the game. In any given market, that might mean going to them in different ways with different games on different platforms or different business models. Right now, we entertain probably a couple hundred million people. We see an opportunity for growth there certainly, but when you think about the offering that we have across console, PC and mobile through premium, through live services like Ultimate Team, through access to the game in subscription and free-to-play on mobile and PC in Asia, we feel like that we -- we feel like we have really strong offerings for a global player base. You should imagine that we're always thinking about how we can attract more users to the platform. That's why we are working on VOLTA for this year. We think that that's going to bring in a whole new range of players who love the game but want a different type of play than the traditional 11-on-11. And as we think about more focus going to mobile over time, we also expect that we'll continue to grow that business.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. I would just come back to the comments that Blake just shared. And we have between 8 million to 10 million people engaging in this game on a week-by-week basis. That is large by any measure. It makes it one of the -- probably the most engaging games. We have continued to see great fan sentiment inside that game. And we expect to continue to grow that audience over time. Again, when we think about Apex Legends, we set out to build something with longevity. And at the very core is a great gameplay experience. And we know that long-term engagement involves the ongoing release of new content and the ongoing running of events, both of which the team at Respawn are doing with great success, but the very core of that is a great gameplay experience. And we're building this in a way that we expect to continue to grow and continue to be a meaningful part of our business for a long time to come. And the sign of engagement that we see today lead us to believe that's possible.
Andrew Wilson: And on VOLTA, again, I go back to some earlier comments, is we do see FIFA like a platform and we do see our opportunity to bring together hundreds of millions of football fans around the world to experience football in a way that is meaningful to them. We do that across platforms. We do that through business models. We do that through different access models and different play models. And what we recognized with the platform at this juncture was that there was a lot of really hard-core football in there. And we expect that, that will continue to be the most meaningful part for much of the FIFA playing community. But there was also a whole group of football fans that wanted a more casual style of play. And we built that model to attract new fans. And what we have seen over time, as we have put new modes in the game, and I will use The Journey, our story-based mode that we did a few years ago now, when we started that mode, is that it brings in a whole new set of players that come in to fulfill different motivations in the game. And ultimately, they become part of the community and the richness of that community and typically move into the more competitive modes in the game like FIFA Ultimate Team and the competitive esports modes inside of Ultimate Team. And so we think about VOLTA that way. So our expectation is not that there will be an impact on monetization over the long term, but rather we are growing the aggregate size of the FIFA community. And that typically, what happens as we grow that community is those players become part of it, become enriched by it and then move more deeper into other modes in the game like Ultimate Team and our competitive esports modes.
Andrew Wilson: On esports, again, what we see around the esports community more broadly is the most successful titles are those that have very, very large global player bases where social interaction and competition are at the very core of the experience. And again, I go back to Apex Legends is built as a really, really unbelievable phenomenal game in the first-person shooter category, which has, as its core motivation, both competition and social interaction. And of course, it has a million-strong global audience. So we feel very good about its appeal and its application to an esport. We've also had a series of events and our -- and we'll have our first competition featuring 80 teams later in the year. And as we think about engagement, again, as we've talked about with FIFA and Madden, engagement of competitive gaming players is typically 4x to 7x higher than noncompetitive players. So our expectation is that not only will the esports component help fuel the existing community and drive higher engagement there, but it will ultimately attract new players and new viewers and new spectators and drive higher engagement there as well. So we feel like it's going to be a very important part of the global community over the long term.
Andrew Wilson: I think it's a really good question, certainly one that we see and hear a lot. The reality is we build games for a lot of different communities, and every single community is different. Some communities, of course, like a FIFA community, have a natural cadence of events that occur in the real world that we tie things to, and that makes sense for that community. A community like The Sims has a longer cadence flow. Again, we're set to have the biggest year in terms of content release this year, and we've continued to grow that franchise since launch, but it is not typically a weekly cadence of content because it doesn't make sense for that community. If we think of a game like Apex, again, it is, at its core, a great game, and so a lot of the ongoing engagement exist because it's built as a great competitive game. And so when we think about that, we think about seasons not as a onetime event, but seasons as kind of a kick-off -- as a series of events that happen kind of over weeks and months of time. We feel really good about where we're at with Season 2 on Apex. We think that we're learning as we go. Again, this is -- remember, FIFA Ultimate Team, we started this what is now over 10 years ago. It started very small. We've got much better at engaging with the community over that period of time. And now, Ultimate Team is this tremendous business for us. The same is true for The Sims, which launched in 2014. We get smarter and better in terms of understanding how to fulfill the motivations and the desires of our players. And we expect that we'll continue to learn and get better with Apex as well. One thing that we do try and avoid is that we end up purely as a content furnace with our games. We try and make games that have great gameplay that engage at their very core, and then we're able to build on engagement and fulfill motivations with additional content and additional events. But we try and avoid wherever possible finding ourselves in a position where content is the only means of driving engagement because we just feel it's harder to build longevity with that type of model over time. And we've learned that through over 10 to 15 years of live service experience.
Andrew Wilson: Any time we're evaluating platform conversations, we are really looking at a couple of things. One, does the game really fit the profile of that platform in terms of the control or the community ecosystem? Two, do we think the community playing on that platform would appreciate the game to go there? Or would they prefer to play it somewhere else? We have a lot of data that would suggest a great many Switch owners also own a PlayStation 4 or an Xbox One or a PC and very often choose to play the games that we make on those platforms even though they have a Switch and they enjoy a lot of great content on the Switch. And so there's always an evaluation process that goes on a case-by-case basis. And I wouldn't say that The Sims would never go to the Switch, but I think we're doing really, really well attracting Sims players. As we said, we did the promotion in the last couple of months and brought in 7 million new Sims players that we expect will engage in that community on a platform that is really tailored to user-generated content, creativity and customization.
Andrew Wilson: Okay. Good question. I would offer a few pieces of feedback that I think will make you feel better about life. The first is that there are multiple teams at Respawn, very different teams as well. Again, Apex Legends is a fast-paced multiplayer first-person shooter and has a bespoke team specific to that type of game. This is the team that had worked on Call of Duty many years ago, had launched Titanfall, and now Apex Legends. So this is very much their particular skill set. The Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order team is a completely different type of team led by Stig, who had been a game director on God of War, and it's all about the single player journey fantasy of being a Jedi. And so they have two discrete teams. And there's actually a third team at Respawn as well working on some new things. In addition to that, this is where scale matters in this industry. In Electronic Arts, we have a very large central group that can provide art, engineering and design help if needed across the company, and we have a number of live services teams also across the company that are well-suited for the creation of new content. And so the combination of individual teams inside Respawn that are individually staffed with their specific games in mind and the global scale of EA and the central resources that we have to help across art and engineering, we feel very, very good about our ability to sustain the needs of our global player base.
Andrew Wilson: Another good question. And so I would start with it doesn't matter what the platform or the distribution model or the business model. What matters is that we build great games. And we are doubling down and working with great diligence across our studio organization to ensure our teams have everything they need to build great games. And that will continue to be our focus near-term, medium-term and long-term. In addition to that, again, given the scale of this company and the leadership of our CTO, Ken Moss, and what we've talked about with Project Atlas some months ago, is we're also investing for the future to ensure we don't find ourselves out of position. As a company, we started to invest in our digital platform over five years ago. I think we're still the only developer publisher with a unique ID system that carries with our players regardless of game or platform they play on. We have a single data scheme and data platform across the company and single infrastructure in security and transaction engine and these types of things. So we've been working on this model for some number of years to ensure that we are ready for the future. Now, as we think about cloud and subscription, again, we went out -- we bought a small company out of Israel that really gave us a head start in how we think about cloud fabric. We've been working on learning an organizational structure around subscription. And so we feel really good about our future there. But at the end of the day, we continue to be focused on making great games. We have seen the value of great games in games like FIFA and Madden and The Sims and Apex Legends, and we expect that we will continue deliver great games and -- but ensure that we have the technology backbone there to when the industry is ready.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. A good question and either -- we've not had a material shift from our stated strategy over the last couple of quarters. I think we continue to see the mobile industry grow. It's a very meaningful part of the revenue profile, of the contribution, but it's also extraordinarily competitive and it's very tough and we've seen a lot of large-scale mobile games and mobile companies in pretty serious decline over the last 6 to 12 months. We have a mobile business that still has an operating contribution of 40%. So it's very, very profitable as a mobile business. And we've held on to that and we feel very good about that. But if we think about our strategy, I would talk about it in three core categories. One is that we have some tremendous games in live service mode, and what we're seeing is the average age of the top titles on mobile is actually getting older as those games scale and it's harder and harder to break in. So when you look at games that we have like Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes or Madden Mobile or FIFA globally, we feel very good about our ability to grow those live services over time and really work hard to ensure that we're filling -- fulfilling the community. The second element of that is, is that we are in a world where acquisition of new players is really, really tough and it's really hard to break into the mobile charts. We're really focusing on our IP that we believe has real resonance inside the community, and again, like Plants vs. Zombies, which has been downloaded over 1 billion times, is absolutely a candidate there. And you should expect that we will focus on our IP that we think can break out in what is otherwise a very costly acquisition market. And then third, I think you are right. There are a number of smaller mobile companies out there who have the capacity to build some great games but maybe don't have the marketing firepower to actually break into the market or the network of players that we have that they could access. And I think there will be an opportunity for some M&A over time. I don't think that's an easy path, but we're certainly out there and talking to a number of different players about how we might accelerate their otherwise senior objectives.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. On NBA, we've seen some speculation but -- around free-to-play, but we don't have anything to share at this time. Our game team has been working hard. As a company and as an EA SPORTS brand, we remain committed to basketball and our partners, the NBA and the NBA Players Association. And our game keeps getting better and better every year, and we'll be excited to bring NBA Live 20 to market soon.
Blake Jorgensen: Well, I think as we said last quarter, you should expect that the first quarter was smaller [Technical Difficulty] remaining three quarters, Q2 through Q4, because we were still, one, experimenting; and two, we didn't have as much content. Clearly, quarter two has more content in it. We talked today about a major event that's coming in a few weeks in August that will clearly continue to drive the engagement and content, which tends to drive monetization. And you should assume -- Andrew mentioned that Q3 will have even more than Q2, so we're going to continue to build that. I would assume that the back three quarters of the year are probably all about the same size based on what we know today and larger than the first quarter. That's all I can really tell you because it's just early days and we're only one month into -- or less than 1 month into Season 2 right now. But everything's tracking to plan or better for us, and so we're very confident on the $300 million to $400 million on Apex. Obviously, Sims, we've called out that it's in the same range of $300 million to $400 million. We didn't do that before, but we wanted to remind people that our business is not based on Apex Legends alone. It's very important to us, but it's still a relatively small part of our overall business. And franchises like The Sims have been continually producing that range of revenues because we run them as a live service. And we want to make sure people understand, we have confidence in building a live service around Apex and that will continue to grow over time and we'll continue to update you as we learn more. But we know we've got amazing engagement. We have 8 million to 10 million people on a weekly basis playing the game. That's huge for us on almost any game that we see. And we'll continue to take advantage of that, keep them engaged and playing everyday.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. We think about this as almost like an annual title. We will continue to innovate that game and evolve that game over time and hope to believe -- I believe that we have a 10 year run ahead of us or if not more. There's so much potential and ways to change that game over time and add to that game. We think that there's just huge potential in that and that's how we're managing it. In terms of the news around Sony, I have not seen the Sony news so I don't know exactly what they said. We're not seeing any softness in our demand metrics around our titles. And thus, the reason that we reconfirmed our guidance for the full year.
Blake Jorgensen: So no changes on guidance. We're pretty consistent with all of the numbers that we provided at the start of the year. And all the metrics that we've seen are leading towards that and we're feeling confident about it.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. Let me hit the mobile one real quick and I'll let talk Andrew talk about esports. We did not put anything in our annual guidance for either mobile globally for Apex in China and that's because we are still obviously working with a partner but we don't have timing set up, but I would assume it's a '21 event in both cases. We'll give you more knowledge or more input as the quarters go on this year as to how that timing will evolve, but right now, I would assume nothing in '20.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. I mean it's a good question. I think we've only raised guidance coming out of the first quarter probably once in my tenure here. And it's rare because it's such a small part of the overall year. I would -- if you look at the phasing that we do in our guidance, we basically just dumped it into the fourth quarter, not for any real reason other than that's supportive. It's no -- it's almost all catalog and we just don't know, but it's still small enough that we wanted to at least remain conservative in how we forecast. And based on what transpires in Q2, we'll then decide if we should change guidance or not, but that -- it wasn't much more complicated than that.
Blake Jorgensen: So we have done a faster and better job than we expected on controlling the online cost of revenue, particularly with Apex, but continue across all of our platforms. When we first started Apex, remember that you have millions of people playing, so they can be expensive games to operate, and we called that out in our Q4 earnings conference call. The team led by our CTO, Ken Moss, has worked hard to try to continue to bring down those costs through either different partners or simply how we're operating the game, and I think we've done better than we thought. And we had a bigger digital quarter than we actually expected. We tend to play in around 5% growth of full game downloads, for example, and it was higher this year -- or this quarter. And our digital business was stronger than we had expected, so that really drove it across the board.
Blake Jorgensen: We've also pulled teams from outside of Respawn to provide them resources on development if they wish to do so -- as Respawn wishes to do so. We have a large DICE team in LA, for example. We have a large live services team in Vancouver. And what we've tried to do is perfect our organization to be able to work long distance as well as in the middle of a studio. And so we've given them the opportunity to pull on any resources they want. And they're very, very conscious about how to make sure they've built the best game and they use the resources very effectively to do that, but they -- there's no shortage of resources relative to what they need.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. I think we've obviously been doing tests and learning along the way. So we started with our subscription on EA Access on Microsoft. We've learned a lot from that. Obviously, rolled out on Origin. And then, as Andrew mentioned earlier, we just rolled out on Sony. And each of those rollouts have gotten easier and easier because we understand the technology better, but more importantly, what the consumer wants. And so it becomes more of the muscle memory of the company versus having to start a new initiative from scratch. We're working hard on moving -- building games for next year on Gen 5. I think it's obvious. I think everybody in the industry is doing that. As has happened in the past, not all games come out on Gen 5 immediately. And obviously, with games like Madden, you'd probably bring the Gen 5 game out when the Gen 5 console ships, not when Madden itself ships, but we'll be ready on Gen 5. We're very excited about it and we've been working on it for some time.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. If you had to think about it on priorities, I mean clearly, as we mentioned, we'll have a new Plants vs. Zombies game, a high priority for us; Apex going mobile, and that's globally a high priority for us. And FIFA and Madden remain super high priorities because they're two of our largest games. And as we talked about earlier, the global opportunity for FIFA, including China, is very large. And so we're spending a lot of time there and we'll continue to do that.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. I mean what we first saw and has pretty much stayed true across almost all of the platforms is that people ended up playing twice as many games as they did before they joined the service, which is kind of a no-brainer because that's what you would typically see, say, on a Netflix or a Spotify or others because you've reduced some of the friction of trial essentially. But we also find that people played their games a lot longer, meaning they found a game that they really enjoy playing that they didn't know about. And so it's the discovery aspects of where a service goes which helps a lot. And then if it has a live service on it like in Ultimate Team, they start to spend more money than they did before they went into the service. And part of that might be subscription behavior where oftentimes people think they're getting things for free and are willing to spend on them, and sometimes they just -- they found something they didn't know that they wanted to play and they get deeply engaged in it. And so we're trying to reduce the friction of trial to see new games and to learn about things that they didn't know or didn't want to spend money on getting in by giving them an amazing economic value to start a subscription, and that's stayed true across all of the platforms. And the one other piece is that you were going to wrestle within any subscription is how do you manage the churn over time and you've got to curate dropping content into the subscriptions at a fairly predictable rate so people will stay in. And we've been trying to do that by bringing third-party content in to help fill in the places where we don't have content because we don't necessarily have content every quarter. And we're thinking about how games might even change in terms of how they're developed over time to better match subscriptions. So you have more to come, but we're in a really good position. We have more subscribers than any other service in the industry by a long shot and I think a lot better experience base because of that.
Blake Jorgensen: Why don't I start with the first one? I'll let Andrew take the NBA question. We would say, as a rough allocation, it's probably 20% of our R&D budget. That's always hard because do you call VOLTA new IP? We certainly do internally, but it was part of this -- the FIFA team that have developed and evolved that product versus a brand-new IP from scratch that we may be working on, like an Anthem, for example. We try to do both where we're evolving games with new IP and new gameplay modes, but we also try to make sure when we're thinking about games for 2000 -- our fiscal '25 and '26 and '27, way out, where there may be a small group of people starting to ideate and generate the concepts, but you don't scale it up for a couple of years until you really get it to a status or a place where you think you are ready to build the game. But we've always kind of mixed it that way. And it's a balance between inside game teams, as I mentioned, as well as stand-alone teams that we're developing that didn't exist before. But we're comfortable with that mix.
Blake Jorgensen: All right. Well, thank you, everyone. We'll talk to everyone either during the quarter as we see you around the country. Appreciate all your interest. And we'll also talk to you next quarter at the earnings call. Thanks.
