Andrew Wilson: Sorry. Minor glitch. Thank you, Blake. I'd like to echo your thoughts and sentiments and say thank you, Ken, for all of your outstanding contributions to Electronic Arts. We'll miss you. As I started this call, I again want to thank our teams for everything they continue to do in service of our players around the world. Thanks to their efforts, we're bringing hundreds of millions of players together through our games and live services like Apex Legends. We're delivering great new experiences like F1 2021 and Mass Effect Legendary Edition, and we have even more amazing content to come. It's been a strong start to our fiscal year. Our growth drivers, leadership in sports, building blockbuster franchises and growing live services, including mobile, are accelerating our business, and we're well positioned for continued growth this year and beyond. Now Blake and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. I would tell you, I just think that when you think about how we go to market with our games, we have global reach. We have extraordinarily digital capabilities and kind of data-driven marketing processes that allows us to better target both existing players, lapsed players and potential new players. And I think what we've been able to do as an organization is take that strength, partner that with an extraordinary game team at Codemasters and what is also a spectacular game in the middle of an F1 season that is more interesting than any season in recent history with the competition between Hamilton and Verstappen kind of hotting up. And the combination of all those things together has meant that we've seen growth in the franchise and expect to continue to grow that franchise over time.
Andrew Wilson: It would - this game is early in the partnership between Codemasters and EA SPORTS. So a lot of how we think about the future live service of that business and sustaining that community and that fan base and play base over time is going to continue to evolve. There is some this year but not as extensive as certainly we think we will get to over the course of time.
Andrew Wilson: Two great questions. Having just provided a very small trailer on Dead Space, there's - or a sweet preview on Dead Space, there's no lot more I can share about that. It's a little ways out yet, but the studio has taken it on. What I can say is it's one of the great games from our catalog there has been extraordinary demand to bring it back for existing players and next generation of players, and we're excited to kind of add that to the portfolio over time. And we'll be able to share more as development continues. But I would just - I would close on that point by saying it was one of the most demanded titles for us, maybe just after Skate, which we've also announced we're bringing back, and the response was very positive to the announcement that we're back in development. Around name image and likeness, again, we believe that we can build an extraordinary college football game in the absence of naming and lightness in partnership with the schools and in partnership with the conferences, and we're looking to do that. I also believe with what we have seen most recently in and around an image likeness that is very plausible and likely very possible for us to integrate name image and lightness with athletes according to whatever rule sets may emerge as to how they may engage with us in that context. And we are building the architecture of the game with a database structure so that if and when that comes online, we'll be able to add back to the game very seamlessly.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, two great questions. On preview packs, the short answer is it was very well received by the community. Our FIFA Ultimate team are always working very closely with our community of players. FIFA Ultimate Team is the most played mode in that game by a wide margin. And we're always working to offer new and innovative and creative ways to engage, connect with your friends, connect with the world of football and build your ultimate team. Premium pack, as I said, was well received. We saw an increase in engagement, and we saw a higher rate of conversion of spenders. I would say it was coming down towards the end of the season. So some of this data has to be taken in that context. But the team is committed to continue to innovate in and around the offers and the programs that we put together for our players and believe that we can continue to grow that business over time. With respect to Pro Evolution Soccer change names football and going through to play, we've seen this happen before. I would tell you we're very committed to our soccer business. We're very committed to our player base. We continue to grow that player base. We've listened to our community over the years, and we've gone out and got much of the license content that underpins an authentic football game exclusively and continue to invest deeply not just in modes of play but in core gameplay to ensure that we're delivering the best possible experience for our global player base. And what you heard me talk about in the prepared remarks is as a result of the innovation in and around hypermotion, we're seeing extremely strong demand for the upcoming version of FIFA, and engagement in that franchise continues to grow. So again, competition is always good. We're always very closely cognizant of what competition is doing. But our commitment is to our player base and delivering the most comprehensive, broad-based, authentic football game on the planet. And we believe we have the best team to do that, and we'll look to continue to do that over time.
Andrew Wilson: Let me jump in. On do we think Battlefield will return to an every other year launch, I would say - I think that is our orientation. But more importantly, I think you should think about Battlefield as a service what we announced - what we're doing for the launch of this game is really revolutionizing and reinventing what - all our epic scale warfare is in the context of gameplay. In addition to that, we've heard us announce Battlefield Portal, which really starts to lean into user-generated content and will drive deep long-term engagement in the game. And while we've announced Hazard Zone is a name we have to disclose a lot about what's going on there, and you'll hear more about that in the coming months, you should understand that this really forms the foundation for what we believe the future of a live service around Battlefield is, which over time will include a mobile launch, will include some free to anchor components and really change the nature of what happens from launch to launch. So that while - and every other year launch probably makes sense as we think about it today. We're really focused on 365-day engagement in the franchise at a platform level across any device that consumers may want to play on. Then I think your - the other part of your question was naming lightness college sports and does that open up an opportunity on basketball. I would tell you our focus right now is football. But what you've also heard us talk about is really building on our strength in sports. We believe this is a unique strength for us. We're the leading company when it comes to delivering multiple high-quality sports across - at global scale, and it would not be a match for us in a world where we start to develop more into college football to start expand that to other college sports as well.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. And I would jump in. On your point around restrictions and are we seeing anything different, I would tell you given the rollercoaster nature of opening up and shutting down and lockdowns and various restrictions that are happening in various geographies and territories globally, it's almost hard to track at this juncture who is open and who is closed. What I would tell you though in aggregate is we have seen strength across our business, across all territories regardless of being open or closed. I think the performance this quarter is a testament to that. And at some level, this is largely due to what we see in our games is it's not just about a connection to content that people may be able to forgo in the context of returning to school or returning to work or returning to kind of general life. It's about connections to friends that they had prior to playing and they made during playing that people keep coming back to. And as we think about building ongoing interactive entertainment experiences, this is why you hear us leading into the social ecosystems in and around our games because this is what drives longevity and it's what drives deepening engagement in our business. And so I think what we're seeing right now is the world is in different phases in different places. But on aggregate, engagement in and around our games continues to be extremely strong.
Andrew Wilson: Let me jump in on Apex and then maybe Blake could hit the kind of the mobile ad piece. The only thing I would tell you is it's not just any one thing. I think what I talked about in my prepared remarks is the very detailed nature that the Respawn team and the Apex team takes the ongoing development of this experience and the support of the growing global communities. And it's really about - on any given day, it's really thinking about what enhancement, extensions, innovations they can add to core gameplay, that moment-to-moment gameplay. There is - how can they think about new modalities of play like arenas, which changes kind of the broader rule set of how you engage in that moment to moment gameplay. And how do they add content with the legend and with all of those - the extra stuff in and around that, that drives more interest. And I think what we're seeing now is that team really started to deeply understand using data and using a close relationship they have with the community, continue to enhance gameplay, continue to add modalities of play and continue to double down on a really interesting, unique content that the community really gravitates towards. And I think as you think about that in the context, we're now taking that new geographies and new platforms. This is why we're so confident in the ongoing strength of that franchise.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. The one thing I would add there is while it hasn't been a giant business for us, what we have seen as Glu has kind of joined us is they actually have been significantly better at monetizing through advertising than we have been. They come with some really strong underlying technology. They come with really strong underlying expertise. And our sense is while it's still early, our sense is the combination of that technology, that expertise, our broader base of portfolio and the global reach it has likely means there's upside opportunity for us even in today's world.
Andrew Wilson: That was going to be my point. It's hard to understand exactly where the world is going to go. I think it's unlikely that we have events without fans in the stadiums, and we may just see some protocols around masks and/or testing and/or vaccination. But our whole sports fans is that we get fans back in stadiums. I think what you saw us do last year was really leading to the fact that for many people, we were sport at a time where it's really hard to engage or consume support more broadly. That did, in fact, allow us to grow both the amount of people playing our games and the engagement they had. I don't know that we can quantify what that means when everyone really gets to live the forms of sports on a day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to-month, season-to-season basis, but it will inevitably have a positive uplift to just overall fan and player sentiment and will almost certainly drive deeper engagement in our games. And our teams will look to build stronger connection between what has happened in the real world of sport and what is happening in our games. So net-net, notwithstanding any further challenges around the pandemic, it's almost certainly a positive for us.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. And just some little detail I would add in there. Again, when we think about Ultimate Team, it's a long-term balanced way to connect your friends in and around the sport. And it has become that and it's certainly the most played mode in FIFA and very strong in lot of franchises. As we think about this, 2/3 of people who play Ultimate Team don't actually buy packs and only 9 out of 10 packs are opened with earned coins. And so we're always trying to ensure that constant balance of engagement and enjoyment of our player community. And what we saw with premium packs was we saw a higher incidence of new players coming in Ultimate Team and we saw high conversion of those new players in and around buying packs and participating in the digital ecosystem. So again, long term, we think that, that model will continue to grow. We think that is a means of connection to your friends and connections to the sport you love and continue to grow. And our teams are going to continue to look for interesting and new and innovative and creative ways that allow people to really more deeply engage, and premium packs is one of those examples.
Blake Jorgensen: Sorry. I was on mute. Sorry about that. So what I was saying is, first and foremost, focus on the acquisitions that we've done. And those, on their own, will create substantial uptick in both top line growth and bottom line growth as we look at continuing to fuel those acquisitions and then use those talent bases to start to build out new titles that we can add to our overall portfolio. Second, think about Apex Mobile. We've said that we have very little in this year. We're in test market, and we should be out in the global markets in China next year, if not earlier. That could be a huge driver in profitability going forward. We have the potential of live services around Battlefield as well as a Battlefield mobile game coming up. And we clearly have other games planned, such as a Need for Speed or others that are coming, which you'll hear more about in the future. But you can imagine. We try to operate the business on a 5-year cadence if not longer, and we're thinking about how do we generate growth each year, both organic and through acquisitions. And I would tell you I think we are in a better position than we've ever seen before.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. So I know not everyone on the street has seen this, and it's not clear for a lot of people. We'll ship FIFA on technically October 1, which means we actually ship it a little earlier for people who are part of our subscription program, for example. But we will capture some revenue, as we've shown in our guidance for this quarter in Q2. we'll also capture revenue in Q3. And usually, the first 1 to 2 quarters of FIFA are the biggest quarters because people are building their ultimate teams. And so we'll see strong growth both this quarter and next quarter off of FIFA with the shift being that it's dropping in Q2, which last year, it only dropped in Q3 when we started it, but it should make a huge difference. And for the full year, obviously, we wouldn't have generated - or said that we were going to grow for a full year and increase our guidance if we weren't confident about FIFA as well as other products.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. All good questions. I would say next year - and this is a testament to our business. Next year is a collection of great franchises all coming to play and new franchises. So new franchises in mobile, new franchises across our business, in places like F1 and other driving games and new franchises or existing franchises that we will bring back that - like NCAA or PGA Golf that we've talked about. And you know what? We've always tried to build the business on a collection of great titles, not one title because one title always poses risk. And so our view is a collection of the titles with great live services associated with them - and you're going to see that over the next - not just next year but for the next many years to come. That's how we've tried to build our business. And I think you'll hear more about it. We're not trying to give guidance right now on next year. But we did say in our prepared remarks that we're confident of growth going forward even after an incredible growth there this year and last year. And we feel like we're on a really good path to continue to try to grow this business, and we're seeing the great reception for our products in the marketplace. So more to come on that. We'll give you guys more details as we get closer. We know that's what you want. But you should just trust that we're confident that we're seeing and we're planning both top line and bottom line growth going forward. And now I don't remember your next two questions.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. What I would say is that don't take our comments on not updating the guidance on Battlefield in any way as a negative. It is - we ultimately expose the world to Battlefield later than we normally would do. Normally, we do it through early June, E3 or maybe even earlier than that, and we did it in early July. So we're trying to make sure we pace the disclosure about what's in the game to people and then measure our demand off of that. But we're feeling very, very positive about it. And we wouldn't have raised our full year guidance if we didn't feel that was a potential for us, and I think it's an upside for the company longer term during the year. You're going to hear a lot more over the next couple of months about Battlefield live services, in-game monetization and so forth. I can't tell you all that now, but trust that the team is working very hard on this, and they have some very unique ideas about what we can continue to do, what Andrew just said, to create this as a long-term interaction with our consumers versus simply selling a game this year. And we want to build a long-term relationship as we have with Battlefield users for a long time. Portal is a perfect example of how that works, and you'll see more of that and more details about that over the next couple of months.
Blake Jorgensen: Well, I would say with all of our acquisitions that we've done - we've done 4 now if you include Playdemic, which is not yet closed, you're going to see clearly some synergies, synergies in terms of management teams, synergies in terms of go-to-market strategies, marketing strategies and so forth. Most of these companies are smaller. They are exceptional in how they develop games. But as you've seen with F1 already, we've been able to drive more sales than what we've seen historically with that business, and we'll continue to do that across all of the portfolio of companies. I would say in the case of Playdemic and in the case of Glu, Tap Sports Baseball and Metalhead with their baseball game and Playdemic's golf game, we are going to leverage their strengths as best as possible to try to find ways to create more and better casual games in mobile - on mobile than we have in the past. And that's not to say that we haven't done a good job on mobile. We have, but the potential that we have - if you look at what Playdemic's done, the potential we have with something like a global FIFA game or a global Madden game where we already have the licenses, there is huge upside. I can't give you what those numbers look like yet. But I will tell you that the reason we did these deals was to try to make sure we brought the talent in that could help us expand our capabilities on more casual sports games around the globe and more casual games in general around the globe. And we're pretty excited about it. And I'd tell you, the mobile teams have worked very closely with the new teams at Playdemic or Glu or Metalhead or Codemasters, and they've come up with some amazing ideas on what we could do together.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. I would say just on the F1 game, I think we've exceeded our expectations. There's no negative on the F1 team because they are exceptional. it was could we quickly - I mean we didn't own the business for that long. So could we quickly integrate the teams, our marketing and publishing efforts to try and drive that business as fast as we did? That's probably where we might have had some questions. And actually, we've well exceeded that - And it's to the testament of an exceptional game development team that was able to produce the right assets, to produce the right marketing materials to help us drive this business and the teams working together. And you know what? I think we don't get enough credit for that. But EA is a bunch of people who really can work well together. And we do a great job of working with other parts of our company. And when we bring in acquisitions, we work well with them. And I think the poster child there is you look at Respawn and you look at what's happened with Apex. This is a team effort. And Respawn as obviously driven the amazing development of Apex, but they've partnered with us extremely well to drive what is now - it's coming up to almost $2 billion in business over 2 years. That's unheard of in our industry. And I'm not sure we get enough credit for it. I don't really care. But at the end of the day, it is amazing what our teams are able to do. I would tell you, to your earlier part of the question, we've tried to put together great marketing for all of the companies that we've acquired, and it doesn't - it happens quick. And F1 has been a great example of that, and you have to have great products to do that. And so I would tell you that the combination of great teams and great marketers is really powerful in this industry, and I think we've been able to prove that we can do that across all the acquisitions that we've done in the last 4 or 5 years.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. And what I would say on the advertising side is right or wrong, we've never had a large advertising business. It covers around $100 million a year. Part of that is our strategy that we have not wanted people to leave our network. And if you look at most advertising on mobile, it's for other mobile games. And what that means is you're willing to allow people to leave your network to go play somewhere else. We're working with Glu right now and with Playdemic on their views on advertising, and we may change our views over time. We think it's important - in no way take my comments of saying we don't think that it's a very profitable business and we should stay close to it, but it has not been a huge part of our business historically. So it's upside for us down the road if that's where we want to go. And more to come on that. We're just - we're still in the learning stage relative to how we managed advertising in the past. We know the current rules, new rules make it even more challenging. And so we're trying to figure out what are the right ways to do advertising for you to play a world where people are willing to pay via an advertising app or an advertising video or whatever it is versus pay to play the game. And we'll see how that plays out over time.
Blake Jorgensen: So no cost synergies are included in our guidance. Clearly, revenue synergies are occurring as they occur. As you pointed out, we did better at F1 than we thought we would. Those are harder to predict. But we haven't yet implanted cost synergies in our OpEx line. For example, changes in executives, changes in staffing, changes - either positive or negative. You should assume that there are going to be some changes, and we will layer those into guidance over the next 3 to 6 months. We've been very focused on making sure we're bringing the company in as successful as possible and then determining what is the right way to drive synergies. But I would tell you is - there are potential large synergies across all of the acquisitions we've made, which would normally happen, but we'll see more of those over the next few quarters, and we'll try to keep everyone appraised of that.
Blake Jorgensen: Yes. I would say that we always have newer players come in as the game grows. Newer players will take steps towards getting more and more involved in Ultimate Team. They don't get involved immediately on day 1, one, because they got to understand how to play it; two, they got to become part of a social network that's also playing it. And once that happens, we start to see growth. And so we see growth during the season. We haven't seen a lot of change in that pre-COVID or post-COVID because it is a way for people to have a social interaction around something that they're really interested in doing. And so we know we've grown the overall franchise across all of ultimate teams. We've grown the overall franchises around the underlying games. And those are the 2 biggest drivers for us to continue to drive Ultimate Team participation and engagement, which ultimately results in Ultimate Team spending in some way or another. And so I think we're pretty confident that even during the COVID crisis, we continue to see people get more and more engaged. Some of that's driven by the fact that people are simply not at work and physical position. They may be working for home, but a lot of it is also the excitement around what we're seeing in the global soccer seasons that we've seen over the last couple of years because there's been a lot of excitement, a lot of player movement, and that's what gets people really pumped up about playing Ultimate Team.
Blake Jorgensen: Well, thank you everybody for your interest and good questions, and we look forward to interacting with you over the next couple of months. And hopefully, we all get to see each other in person one of these days soon. So - but I appreciate it.
