Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Chris. As we kick off FY '23, we are investing for growth from a position of strength. With a portfolio of amazing IP, the best talent, and a growing network of highly engaged players, we are scaling to deliver new experiences, on more platforms, across more geographies. Our total addressable market is expanding, and secular trends are driving more consumption of interactive entertainment. Our games are deeply social, and we will continue to build on our strengths as we invest to grow our biggest franchises to connect with more players in the future. We have a clear vision, a clear strategy, and we have a spectacular team ready to deliver in FY '23 for hundreds of millions of players, viewers, and creators around the world. Now Chris and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: And as it relates to player engagement and the value that we see from that over the course of time, I think what you've heard from us throughout COVID is that players sort out our games in the beginning for entertainment reasons, but they stay deeply engaged in them beyond just entertainment. They really saw games as a means of deep social connection with their atomic unit of friends. And this is not four or five friends that you spend a great deal of your social time with. What we have seen even as we are moving past COVID and that people are returning to work and returning to live and returning to school is our engagement has continued to be very, very strong, and in many cases, across some of our franchises at record levels. Given the level of entertainment that we're developing and delivering, given the value of social interaction as part of those experiences, we think this is going to be a continued driver for growth for us.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. Great question. And as you will have seen from our press release today and certainly I think FIFA affirms some things on their own website, we've been working through this. We're very excited about the future of football. We have, as you heard in the prepared remarks, over 300 licenses that deliver the content and form the experience that we deliver to players that's most meaningful for them. We've got over 150 million players across unique accounts. And so when we think about the future of football right now, we've really made this decision on the basis of being able to deliver experiences that our players wanted. They told, they wanted more modalities of play. They told us they wanted to see more commercial partners in the game that are representative and authentic to the broad global world of football. They're telling us they wanted to move beyond just the core experience and really build out this digital football experience. And they tell us they want to move really, really fast. And so as we move through this, again, we are deeply grateful of our relationship with FIFA for nearly 30 years and deeply respectful for the partnership. And we've worked closely together as two organizations to ensure that we can deliver the biggest FIFA this year that we've ever delivered, featuring World Cup content from both the Men's World Cup and the Women's World Cup for the first time ever. And we work to do that because we believe that's important to our fans. And beyond that, we're excited to work with our 300-plus partners and all the new partners that we're going to have the opportunity to work with to deliver what we believe will be the greatest digital football experience available and sit at the very epicenter of football fandom globally.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. I think it's a little early to tell yet. We're certainly being very thoughtful and deliberate about that. The important thing to understand though is that as you travel around the world and you meet with players who really are deeply engaged with our game, for a player in the U.K., the most important thing to them is the Premier League. For a player in Germany, the most important thing to them is the Bundesliga league. And Spain is La Liga and so on and so forth as you go around the world. What we're focused on right now is building very unique experiences for each of those fans in each of those markets. And what you've seen today is many of our partners come out in support of our ability to do this for our fans. And so certainly, any time you change the name of a product, you must be very thoughtful and we'll certainly have to think about marketing that front. But what gives us confidence as we move into this next phase of growth is that we are working with the partners and the content that our fans love and relate to most directly in the markets in which they do it.
Andrew Wilson: Yes, great question. I mean we remain very excited about the opportunity in mobile. It continues to be the single biggest gaming platform in the world with a TAM of 3.5 billion players. And so that's just -- to have that kind of TAM access is just extraordinary for us as game makers and delivering live services to that audience. We're seeing really good metrics around Apex Legends right now in test, and that will launch later this year. FIFA had its biggest quarter ever. They had a surge of 80% in users. And Lord of the Rings is coming from what has been our strongest mobile studio capital games who build these type of games and have done so well for us and have such an avid fan following. So as we think about moving forward in mobile, we think that the brands that we have, the expertise that we have, that we've built organically internally and that we've acquired through recent mobile acquisitions represents a really strong opportunity for us over the long term. Remember, when you launch these games, they last for 5-plus years as live services. And what you're seeing this year is three big launches for us in addition to our existing portfolio, which is incredibly strong, and we're going to invest behind that for the long term.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. And that team is an extraordinary team and has always built an incredibly high-quality game, and that was really the impetus for the acquisition to bring that into the EA SPORTS brand portfolio. F1, as you may have seen, if you follow the sport is an all-time high in fandom we had, an extraordinary season last year between Hamilton and Verstappen. We're seeing an incredible season this year with Ferrari leading in the Constructor's Championship and Leclerc and others really pushing Verstappen. And so in our world, if you get to a place where sports fandom is high in engagement and the core sport is high, and then you couple that with an extraordinary development team who have a history and track record of building extremely high-quality products and then you layer in EA SPORTS marketing power and global reach, we think there's incredible opportunity there, and we think that business is going to go from strength to strength.
Andrew Wilson: I think that's a good way to think about it. The reality is any time we develop a game and launch a game, there is a combination of development cost and marketing cost to kind of get to launch and get to that critical mass of players at a sequencing of that. It's very different in mobile than it is in traditional console experiences. Traditional console experience, of course, you can spend in development for two, three, four, in some cases, five years, and there's an exceptional amount of development spend upfront. And then the marketing spend proportion of that is much lower. In mobile, the cost of development is lower to get to launch. The acquisition spend early on to supercharge a new launch is higher. But remember, these are live services. And what we're doing is we're driving a golden cohort at the beginning of the launch, and that cohort will continue to deliver a return that we build on over time for the course of the next five plus years. And so early on, you see margin compression in the context of mobile. Over the course of time, you see margin accretion and margin expansion and these live services become global communities of players that continue to play for five plus years and in some cases, as long as a decade.
Andrew Wilson: So it's the cast of characters that you would expect from us, plus F1, so we would stretch our FIFA product, that's NHL, that's Madden NFL, that's F1. We've got a new golf game. I'm trying to think now, you've caught me off guard -- and super mega baseball, which was an acquired property. So yes, so -- and that's across console, PC and in some cases, mobile.
Andrew Wilson: And in terms of the cadence of content drops and experience updates and events, again, the Respawn team and the Apex team have demonstrated over the course of the last two plus years an extraordinary connection with their community. And they've been able to figure out exactly when and how to make drops and things that the community wants and needs. And so we don't have a hard and fast rule in terms of which drops will happen when. We really allow the team to work deep with the community. But I think as you -- as the franchise continues to grow and as we move on mobile and launch and grow on a global basis, I think it's reasonable to believe that over the course of time, there will be more and more content launched into the world and a new season starting today, which off the back of a record season 12, we expect will continue to do well. I know Newcastle is a new legend is why the game is going to be one of the great legends inside the game experience.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. So let me touch on the first two and then I'll let Chris take the outlook piece. Again, I think that each time the team releases new content, new events, we see growing engagement and have demonstrated an extraordinary ability to really understand the things that are going to drive ongoing engagement for our community. So I wouldn't expect that we would see any decline in engagement with more content, quite the opposite. I think as we go to more platforms and we build out our engagement model over the course of time, I think that we'll see a growing audience, and I think we'll see growing engagement. And that has been our experience so far. In terms of supply chain shortages, again, we've just come off a record year. We beat on almost every measure, even in the face of what is almost certainly supply chain shortages around consoles and chipsets and graphics cards and these types of things. It's hard to know how much bigger that would be. I have to imagine with more consoles out there and more PCs and more graphics cards that our results may have been even better, but we're very happy with the results we had, and we look forward to as supply chain issues start to ease and more consoles end up in the marketplace and more graphics cards and more PC availability that more games have access to higher-quality machines, and that ultimately will drive engagement for us. If you go back through the course of time, at each platform transition, at each technology evolution, the gaming TAM and the gaming community broadly has grown. And so I think this only represents upside for us.
Andrew Wilson: I think the first one was do we anticipate slight change as an additional element as we kind of have got from third quarter through fourth quarter. The short answer is no. We continue to believe our slate is strong. I think the second question was we've got a major IP in the fourth quarter and why not do that in the holiday quarter. And I would say two things to that. One is we want to get to the highest quality games we possibly can. We're committed to quality. We're committed to giving our development teams all the time they need to build great games and deliver those through a global audience. Underlying that, I'd also highlight, though, that the nature of our business is changing. As Chris pointed out, 71% of our business is coming from live services. And so these traditional launch windows that have been so important in our industry for the longest time aren't as relevant now in a world where players are playing our games day in, day out, week in, week out, month in, month out. And so the combination of the changing nature of engagement consumption of our games and our deep desire to give our teams all the time they need to get to the best possible game experience really is what's driving that Q4 launch. And then I think the last part of your question was around work-from-home and how is that looking, and I would say, it's still early. We're seeing more and more people back into offices Again, there are still waves of COVID out there, and we're seeing some rising numbers in certain geographies. And good news is, is the severity of infection or the severity of symptoms from infections seems to be much lower than the initial waves and phase of COVID. So I think that's good just for humanity broadly. And certainly, we're seeing a return to office kind of moving through its general iteration. In terms of confidence that I have in launching the games through the year, I have strong confidence largely because having done this for two years, we launched more content than any other developer and publisher video games through this time. And our teams have demonstrated unbelievable tenacity and unbelievable wherewithal. And we've really harnessed the power of our platform technology to continue to deliver games even while working from home. So as people come back together, we get to see more collaboration. I think things get easier. But even if that ends up being a little slower than we would hope, given the ingenuity of our teams, I still have strong confidence in our ability to launch our full slate of high-quality titles this year. I think that was all of them.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. There was a little jumble, Mike. I'm sorry, but I think that the gist of the question was with the macroeconomic climate out there, and I think you mentioned the notion of recession, how do we think about that? How do we think about building our plan and probably specifically you're thinking around OpEx. I think -- and Chris can weigh in here as well. We've been very thoughtful about this as we're embarking on the year ahead. And certainly, there are people way smarter than us who were kind of predicting what will be the macroeconomic outcome over the course of time. Here's what we see. We see we're coming out of a year with record performance. We're seeing our network grow dramatically and engagement grow dramatically. And we're seeing our games used not just for entertainment, but also for social interaction and social connection. We -- so that gives us confidence in the underlying fundamentals of our business over the long term. As we look back over previous times where there may have been challenged consumer spending, our industry now games specifically have actually done very, very well for two reasons. One, entertainment really is a fundamental human need. And two, the form of entertainment that we deliver is extremely high value to consumers, given that you get thousands of hours of engagement when you play one of our games. And so our expectation is that even in an environment of macro challenge that our industry now games will continue to do well. One of the other things that we have -- where we've gone back and really looked at this, though, and you study it, is you discover that companies that can invest from a position of strength going into an environment like the one seemingly we're moving into actually benefit disproportionately as you come out of that. And so I think if you take in the fact that we have a growing network, growing engagement, record performance, our games fulfill both entertainment and social interaction than if you look back in history, our industry has performed very well at times like this. And when you take the strength of our business and our ability to invest against new titles this year, as well as titles we developed for the out years, we feel like we've put ourselves in a really strong position even if we were going into a challenging macro headwind. With that being said, we have built flexibility in the plan. You should know that we will be extraordinarily disciplined around costs as we move through this. And that should there be something unforeseen to us, that we have levers in our model that will allow us to adjust. But we do believe it is behest of us to invest from a position of strength as we go into this market.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. And so for us, I think you finish there where we start, which is the player experience. We want to ensure that the player experience is the best possible player experience that we can provide. And that's why you've seen us kind of test various models over the course of time, some have continued and some we have stopped on the basis of really upholding the best possible player experience we can. What we've seen generally though in entertainment media and even in games, particularly in mobile games right now, you see that there is a place for advertising when done right. And there is a portion of the community that when given the choice will participate in advertising where it benefits their gameplay experience. I think we've learned some of this from Glu as we brought Glu organization, and we've seen this across the industry. And so you should expect that we would continue to kind of test different things, ensuring first and foremost, that we uphold the best possible player experience. But where there is an audience -- but given the choice we'd like to engage with advertising, they have the ability to do so, we want to make that available to them.
Andrew Wilson: Let me start on the World Cup mode with FIFA. And again, in the context of live service, we're always balancing the investment of time and the investment of dollars from the community. And at any given point in time, based on what's going on in the world of that game and in this case, in the world of football and of the gameplay community, we will look to leverage new content and new events and new experiences either to drive greater engagement and provide new interesting things for players to do or it might be a monetization opportunity. You might recall the last time we did the World Cup, it was an extraordinary engagement opportunity. And I don't have the numbers at the tip of my fingers. But if I remember rightly, we brought 12 million or 13 million people back into the game who had lapsed out of the game through World Cup content and drove incredible engagement through the event and then, of course, as part of the ongoing live service, continue to grow the business over the course of time. We will think about it this year in the same context. We're always thinking about our player community and always thinking about the balance between the investment of time and the investment of dollars, all in service of a more positive and more immersive and a more entertaining player experience. In terms of the value of cross-play, I don't think we have any specific data on that yet out of FIFA. In other franchises is certainly where you get greater liquidity in the franchise and friends can play with each other across devices. That's always a good thing for players. But remember, in our FIFA experience, which has 30-plus million people playing across console and PC, it's already a highly liquid community and every platform already has more enough players to sustain the ongoing player experience. But certainly, as we think about the future of all of our franchises, we want to get to a place where the entire community can play together, and that will be part of our driver as we move forward.
Andrew Wilson: No. And again, we take a long view here. This is one of the great franchises in our industry, built by one of the great teams in our industry. And our expectation is that we'll continue to grow and be a really important part of our portfolio for many, many years to come. We've got incredible leadership over that team now. They're rethinking the development process from the ground up and really using kind of the Vince Zampella/Respawn model of get to the fun as quickly as possible. They've been doing thousands of updates for the community working on quality of life and really getting the core game right. I think there's still more work for us to do there, and the team is committed to doing that work for the community. And beyond that, once we get to a place where we feel like we're in the right place with the core experience and with the core game, then you should expect us to invest and grow beyond where the game is at today.
Andrew Wilson: Yes. Right now, I think we're looking at going into further testing at the end of May and then subject to the metrics and the data that we've seen and the engagement they see, we might look toward the end of this year, beginning of next year for a global launch. Remember, in mobile, it all really comes down to the tuning and balancing once we go into kind of that Closed Beta phase. We don't have any money in FY '23 right now against that title. So if it was to launch in the year, that would be an upside potential for us. And we want to give ourselves the opportunity to ensure that we -- the game has all the soft launch and Closed Beta that it needs in order to tune and balance. But having played the game, I can tell you, I think that we're excited for the potential.
Andrew Wilson: Maybe I'll start with the second one, and then we'll move back to the first one. Certainly, I think that competition for great talent has always been incredibly high in our industry, and that's no different now. When we think about hiring new talent and we talk to candidates, they really make employment decisions based on four key vectors: what is the work they're going to do; who are the people they're going to do it with, of course, what is going to be the conversation; and their opportunity to learn and grow. And as we lean into hiring, we're really leaning to all four of those vectors and try and create a culture where this is a great place to make games. We were able to hire a record numbers in FY '22, even amidst what was already a very competitive marketplace. We expect to continue hiring., I think that we've been recognized by a number of surveys as an extraordinary place to work and we've really focused on the culture of our company and ensuring that we are a great place to come and create games. That doesn't mean we won't be challenged in the marketplace. I think it's going to be more and more challenged. But so far, we have not had trouble hiring incredible talent, and we brought in some amazing new creators and people across our business, quite frankly, through FY '22.
Andrew Wilson: I'll catch up with you afterwards. So that was just going to say that brings us to the end of the call today. So thanks, everyone, for your time, and we look forward to speaking to you in the next quarter.
Chris Suh: Great. Thank you for the question. I'll start with the first part first, and then I'll turn it over to Andrew, and he can comment as well on the second part of your question. So from a guidance perspective, we did -- your math is correct. Normalizing for the impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar, which we articulated was three points on net bookings as well as the impact of the decision taken in Russia that effectively puts the equivalent guide more in the high single digits equivalency, which is slightly above the signal that we gave in the last earnings call. So it is indicative of how we finished the quarter with strong player engagement, and we feel good about the outlook.
Chris Suh: Yes. Maybe I could just add on to that, Eric. As you have a chance to go through your -- the model and the guidance that we gave, you'll see that is implied in that -- in the guidance and the cost structure, it is the points that -- to reiterate the points that Andrew made, we're excited about our opportunity in mobile. It represents an enormous TAM opportunity. We're excited about what we have in store for this year. It is a different margin profile, especially in the short term. But as Andrew pointed out, once we get to scale, we see great profit -- revenue and profit opportunity, and we're really excited about the opportunity you had.
Chris Suh: Yes. No, it's a great question. Thank you for the question. As you rightly pointed out, Apex Legends had a terrific year in FY '22. We're across both financial metrics, but also all the player engagement data that Andrew spoke to. And so we're really excited about how we finished the year, coming out of that with a lot of momentum. We do have profitable growth planned again in FY '23. It's a large franchise for us. It's a big business. And so we'll see continued growth on that on the console and on the HD side. In addition to that, with the Apex mobile launch, we are anticipating this to be one of the most exciting launches that we've had on mobile ever. And so the combination of that indicates a lot of optimism and strength for the Apex mobile or Apex Legends business all up.
Chris Suh: I'll just add on to Andrew's good summation. From a market standpoint, from the composition of our business, I think this is one of the things that really sort of illustrates the resilience of the live services business model, which with 71% of our business -- or over 71% of our business in FY '22, and it will grow as a share of our business next year with -- especially with the launches of mobile. And so from one standpoint, we feel good about that. And that's all embedded into the guide that you heard us talk about at length. Specific to the console market, we are anticipating Gen 5 console units to be up year-on-year, and that will also be an added tailwind to the business all in all.
Chris Suh: And on your question specifically, as I commented in my comments in my prepared remarks about the IDFA changes, it is something we're still working through. We have seen some positive movement toward reaching related levels pre-IDFA, and we feel optimistic that we're sort of through the tougher part of it, and we feel good about the outlook from here.
