Andrew P. Wilson: Thanks, Blake. We're excited to begin another year in our journey at Electronic Arts, at a time where there is so much passion for games around the world. As an industry, we are reaching an amazing nexus, where the creative energy in game-making is intensifying and converging with technology innovation that is unlocking gateways to access, delivery, and sharing of game experiences on a global scale. Games are becoming a truly ubiquitous form of entertainment, we believe the best form of entertainment. And through the evolutions to come, we are seeking to connect more players to amazing games and to each other. Creativity is the central strand of everything we do at EA. Every experience begins with creating something new and unexpected. That's why you'll see new dynamics in gameplay, new social layers, and new ways to interact with the worlds we create in games like Anthem, our next Battlefield, and our new mobile titles. It's powering new projects in development at Respawn, Motive, EA Vancouver, Criterion, and more. It's behind our EA Originals program and our commitment to support indie developers with amazing ideas. It drives us to continually evolve and update our games through live services because the creative cycle in service of our player never ends. This isn't just a creative revolution. It's also a revolution of access and choice. New forms of content, new consumption models, and advanced technology investments are accelerating how we will reach more players in a networked world and satisfy their unique needs. Whether you're a player or a viewer, our competitive gaming experiences for games like FIFA, Madden NFL, and more are becoming must-see programming for fans around the world. With more games and content available to players today, subscription services like EA Access and Origin Access are continuing to build momentum, and we are pioneering new offerings that will expand how players can experience more of the best games. Looking further ahead, the combination of subscriptions and cloud gaming capabilities combined with our Frostbite engine and digital platform will power the growth of our Player Network that scales across games, devices, and geographies. At the center of this are our players and our global communities. Everything we do is in service of our players, and we grow stronger in this commitment every day. This year, we will continue to expand how we connect with our players early and often, from thousands of hours with our studio teams and play-testing, to large-scale soft launches and early play opportunities. One month from now, we'll open up our annual EA PLAY event, in what has become a cultural moment for games and our communities. We'll welcome tens of thousands of players that join us in Hollywood to go hands-on and millions more that join us online around the world to hear more about our games and services, our commitments, and our plans for the future. At every touchpoint with our players, in our games, in our network, in our communities, and beyond, we are constantly working to bring them closer to the games they love. In FY 2019, we are set to take major steps forward towards our vision of a networked future and our opportunity to connect 1 billion people in play. We look forward to sharing more updates with you in the months to come. Now Blake and I are here for your questions.
Andrew P. Wilson: Yes and good question and certainly timely. As you might imagine, we're working with all the industry associations globally and with regulators in various jurisdictions and territories, many of whom we've been working with for some time and have evaluated and established that programs like FIFA Ultimate Team are not gambling. And we don't believe that FIFA Ultimate Team – all loot boxes are gambling. Firstly, players always receive a specified number of items in each FUT pack. And secondly, we don't provide or authorize any way to cash out or sell items in virtual currency for real-world money. And there's no way we can make value assign to FUT items in game currency. And while we forbid the transfer of items of in-the-game currency outside, we also actively seek to eliminate that where it's going on in an illegal environment, and we work with regulators in various jurisdictions to achieve that. And so net-net, we're going to continue to push forward. We're always thinking about our players. We're always thinking about how to deliver these types of experiences in a transparent, fun, fair, and balanced way for our players. And we'll communicate with regulators around the world on it.
Andrew P. Wilson: I'll take the first and I'll let Blake take the second one. As it relates to FIFA, what we've come to understand over the years, and many of you might remember, I worked on this franchise for a long time and built both FIFA and World Cup games. And as each year passed and digital became a more prevalent way for our players to access games and connect with each other through games, liquidity in the player base became really, really important. And players weren't wanting to opt out of one experience to play another soccer experience. And so part of why we brought the two experiences together in our core FIFA experience and what is the biggest sporting event in the world in the World Cup is really deliver on the needs and requests and motivations of our players to stay connected in a global soccer community. And as we've announced, we're releasing all of the content, all the teams, and things around the World Cup to allow people to play offline and online. But you should expect that for all of our players in FIFA Ultimate Team, they'll be very, very specific and interesting and entertaining and enjoying and engaging live service events in and around the World Cup.
Andrew P. Wilson: So let me grab the first one. At its very core, you've heard us talk a lot about subscription plus cloud gaming and the opportunity for those two things to fundamentally disrupt the way people access and enjoy games like nothing before, much in the same way as it's disrupted enjoyment and engagement in movies and music. And so we've talked about a three to five-year time horizon. We believe that cloud gaming is going to make a meaningful contribution to the way players engage with games. And of course, what that does mean is it really doesn't matter what device you're accessing it by. The experience that you have is governed by the size of the screen and the amount of time you have to play And so everything we're building right now, we are thinking about a world where we will not be bound by device. We will not be bound by local compute or memory, but much of these experiences will exist in the cloud, and you'll access them based on whatever device you have access to at the time. And we think about that at a core technology level. We think about that at a game design level. We also think about that as how we think – how we interact with our players and how they interact with the games. And you should expect to see us between now and that time start to push more of our experiences, particularly ones with really large global communities, to be able to interact with experiences across devices. And you've already seen this from us with FIFA and the ability to access Ultimate Team and do a great deal of interactions with Ultimate Team through FUT mobile and on PC and on your console experience. And we look forward to driving more of that in the future.
Andrew P. Wilson: Yes, great question. It's something that we've given a lot of thought to and plan towards. And again, if we look at other entertainment industries and other SaaS-like industries for guidance, what we discover is that multiple business models coexist. And if I think about how I consume movies right now, I have a Comcast subscription. I have a Netflix subscription. I buy things on iTunes that I watch on a plane, and I also watch a lot of free content through YouTube and other online mediums. But what we're also discovering is that even while those multiple business models exist, and our ideal here is to capture engagement and offer access through any business model on any device for all of our players in a growing global community, what we're seeing is a real move toward subscription as the best way to access content and the most frictionless way to access content and a way to build a relationship with a platform play who offers that collection of content wrapped in services. And so our expectation is while we will continue to offer the access to content through any and all business models that our players tell us they want to utilize, we expect that consumers, much the way they have in other industries, will move more towards subscription. And that will become a far more meaningful part of our business and maybe even the majority of our business in the years to come. And as we think about that, we're in a unique position to offer subscription as we're doing today by virtue of the breadth and depth of our content and our ability to get to a large global player base of diverse cohorts, diverse backgrounds and diverse geographies. We also understand and appreciate, however, that even with the size of the portfolio we have, there are other elements of gameplay that will be important to a broader subscriber base as we continue to grow. And what you're seeing from us now with what we're doing with our Originals program is bringing new content in. What you're seeing from us with signing third parties is bringing new and interesting and different content in. You might imagine that front-line content will become an important part of that in the future and that we might work collaboratively with other content creators and developers and publishers to ensure we have a truly robust subscription offering.
Andrew P. Wilson: Again, we've got lots to talk about in the weeks and months to come, and you should imagine that we will be talking at great length about it. The DICE team has a core DNA, maybe the strongest in the industry, around multiplayer, and more importantly innovation in multiplayer. They were the first team to get to 64-player multiplayer. They were the first team to get to destruction in multiplayer. And so you should imagine that, as we talked about in the prepared notes, all the things that a Battlefield fan would expect out of a multiplayer game from DICE in the Battlefield universe will be there, while additional innovations in how we're thinking about the future of multiplayer in first-person shooters will also be there, both at launch and over time as part of a live service.
Andrew P. Wilson: And in terms of esports, we talked about this a little bit last quarter. We saw tremendous engagement in both our Madden league and our FIFA league up significantly year over year and breaking records in both broadcast television and on digital channels. We're going to continue to double down there. We've got an entire competitive gaming group that are pushing to grow that and really think about the ongoing evolution. We're excited and energized by the level of inbound queries and questions and requests for involvement that we've had. Again, we have the world's biggest game and this country's biggest game in soccer and American football, and there are a lot of people that really want to engage with that in order to get access to the audience that's really playing and watching our esports events there. Also in the prepared remarks, we talked about ongoing investment in Battlefield. Again, Battlefield has multiplayer and competition core to its DNA. And we're excited about what the DICE team is doing and innovating as it relates to competitive play in and around Battlefield. And we've got another one that we're launching later this year too that we've yet to announce. So I think the macro message you're hearing from us is that we always believe this would grow engagement and grow revenue. It's happening much quicker than we anticipated, and we're doubling down to make sure that we maintain that momentum and continue to grow engagement both from players, viewers, and sponsors and broadcasters in and around our events.
Andrew P. Wilson: Wow, there were a lot of questions there. So first is FIFA in the West, you heard in the prepared remarks, continues to grow and certainly contributed to the growth in our FIFA business this year, even in the face of some of our older titles in decline, as they would have expected to be at this timeline. We're excited about what that team is doing and expect that that will continue to do very well and grow this year. Particularly in a World Cup year, you should imagine that there will be a series of events and opportunities for mobile players to engage in that. We also have a game in China that we're doing with Tencent in and around FIFA Online 4 that is a Chinese-specific execution, and we're excited about that. And then we are actively transitioning across to FIFA Online 4 in both Korea and China. And that is going as well as we planned, and it's certainly getting the full support of Nexon in Korea and six-star marketing support in China. And so all in all, we're very, very happy with our performance in mobile and free-to-play in Korea and China and in the West.
Blake J. Jorgensen: The call is only 30 minutes gone by and I'm already being criticized for doubling the buyback. It's amazing.
Blake J. Jorgensen: It's a high-quality problem, and I appreciate the question. It's a good question. Our view is, in today's world, financial flexibility has huge power to it. And we want to return as much to shareholders. We've consistently, over the last four years, grown that buyback fairly dramatically and will continue to do that as we continue to build. But we also want to maintain flexibility should something happen that we either want to deeper invest in or want to purchase something. I'm not signaling that anything's happening. I think you guys know we've been consistent in how we grow the buyback, but also try to be prudent and safe with our capital to prepare for potential opportunities down the road.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yeah, yeah, without a doubt. The perfect example of that is if you look at our Sims FreePlay game, which has been around for four or five years, has not gone down at all with the introduction of the new Sims mobile game. Mobile games have – there are so many audience members out there. There are so many opportunities, and game styles are very different. The game style between the new Star Wars game and Galaxy of Heroes is going to be very, very different, different style audience. And we think both will remain extremely successful for a long period of time.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Let me hit just real quick on the buyback. We don't build the buyback into our forecast because we don't like to forecast what stock price is going to be. But assuming that the buyback – assuming the stock price is where it is today, you'd probably see $0.04 to $0.05 of earnings accretion going forward. You'd probably see share count down to around 308 million by year end, in other words, if you want to do the math that way. I'd say the other issue is back in fiscal 2016 we were not investing as much in the future. I think we were still coming through the tail end of the transformation. We are now investing much more heavily in the future, and you see that in our OpEx growth. And that's trimmed some of the earnings growth power, at least in our guidance. Remember, this is guidance, not actual results. And I think if you went back a couple of years, you'd see the same pattern as we've given annual guidance. But I do think what you heard from Andrew earlier is continued investment in both new IP as well as way people will play games in the future and the way games will be delivered in the future. Investing in our network, investing in subscriptions, investing in cloud gaming, you're going to continue to hear and see those investments from us over time because we believe that's the way this business will be transformed. But at the same time, we're going to always look to get earnings leverage, and we think that that model is pretty consistent with how it's been in the past.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, you'll hear more about E3 timeframe on Battlefield. You'll hear quite a bit coming up about the game and the plans for it. We're very excited. But you should assume – back to your guidance question, you should assume that we built in the guidance some conservatism and caution because we know it's going to be a crowded third quarter for us, fourth quarter calendar year. But the benefit that we have – I think that we've always had is we have a very strong Battlefield community, and we think they're going to be extremely excited about this new Battlefield game. And we've been able to compete against others like Call of Duty in that same timeframe in the past, and we will work hard to try to do that going forward. But more to come on exact timing and a lot more about the game, which is pretty exciting.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So on the live service piece, it was Ultimate Team across FIFA, Madden, and hockey and to a smaller extent NBA, but really Ultimate Team number one driver. Sims 4, number two driver, and that's been consistent through the year. It's been extremely strong as we continue to add extra content to that game. And Battlefield 1, we're at the tail end of extra content along Battlefield 1. Battlefront was not a major addition since, as you mentioned, MTX came in very late in the quarter. But the other thing to remember is the breadth of our extra content, subscription, advertising, all the other components continue to add up and help us build that base that we've been able to build, now over $2.2 billion, is what's so great about that live service business because it continues to maintain a fairly large consistency year-over year. I'll let Andrew hit the loot box piece now.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So on the guidance piece, a couple things I think you'll note. We didn't use unit sales metrics for any of our titles. And as you've heard in the past, we're trying to move away from that. This is an example of how our business model has changed. Unit sales are much less indicative of long-term franchise health due to the significant power of our event-driven live services now. The live services component is really the bedrock of our business. And while units sold to grow that are important, they become misleading in many ways to the Street. And so we'll stay away from unit predictions for any titles going forward unless there's some unique reason for it. In the case of Anthem, the real issue is, the game will be shipped in the last quarter of the year and in the last month of that quarter, meaning we'll probably have limited restocking of the title, even if it's extremely successful. Since it is new IP, we're being conservative in how we're thinking about it. We're very excited about the game. It's extremely unique, and I think players are going to really enjoy playing it, but we're careful not to put too large of a forecast in there. And clearly, it will impact this year as well as next year as we not only continue to sell more into the next year but start rolling out the live services associated with that game.
Blake J. Jorgensen: So on the second question, you should assume that we'll see some phasing of R&D over the year as we start to build out our games – new games. We have better leverage, obviously, as revenue grows in the third and fourth quarter on that number, but you should see – in real terms, you'd see some slow growth of that during the year. We do tend to use more part-time employees during the third quarter as we're leading into large layout or large new titles. You can see that in the past P&Ls in terms of the phasing. G&A is pretty consistent year on year. And marketing, as you know, we're targeting around 12%. And so that's really dependent on titles and marketing that we're doing ahead of a quarter around a title. But obviously, our bigger quarters, you're going to see larger marketing spend both at the tail end of the second quarter and all through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter.
Blake J. Jorgensen: And a streaming approach allows – while that technology still is evolving and we know that it could be two to four years away, it allows for the concept that you could play games on many different devices versus on one device typically found in your home. And we may partner with people as well as work on our own technology to help deliver that. And as Andrew said, we think that can be delivered in many different ways. And still many years from now we'll have gaming across consoles, PCs, possibly streaming-enabled TVs, or other devices as well as mobile devices. And that's the exciting part about the business. We think that continues to help grow the market. It doesn't bifurcate the market in a negative way.
Blake J. Jorgensen: I'm not quite sure how you're doing the math to get to the units being down, but maybe you can give me the details on that offline. But we're saying – a couple things to note is you've got a whole bunch of pieces in the puzzle. That's why I don't know if you can do the math. Live service growth, remember, subscription growth is part of live services growth. And so in a subscription world, you actually may have or will have less units sold, but you'll have more consistent revenue over time. And we're expecting a few inflection points in our subscription programs this next year, which should help drive more growth. So that's why I come back to my statement earlier that said we're moving away from discussing units because it's either live service revenue or subscription revenue that you're going to tend to see growing over time, which neither of those will show up as units in any way.
Blake J. Jorgensen: I don't have the exact numbers, but quite a few. Since Ultimate Team has gained scale, we're north of 70% with titles like FIFA and Madden. Pre-Ultimate Team, this goes back some time, it was oftentimes less than 50% bought every year. So you're seeing a much more consistent buying pattern because people want to reengage in Ultimate Team. People are – 70-plus percent of the buyers are engaging in Ultimate Team, so you would expect to see that type of pattern. We do, though, spend a lot of time on how do we bring lapsed players back in and how do we maintain a consistent world with those players. And I think in that world, subscription will only help because they'll constantly be getting upgraded over time with their versions of the game. And I think that keeps people engaged, and most importantly keeps them involved in the live service components, which makes the game more fun for everybody.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Okay, so I'm going to hit the first one and then you can ask it. We don't have anything to announce today, but I'd just say assume that our subscription strategy, as Andrew said, will be evolving quickly. I think that's this year and next year you start to see new things in that subscription program, be it new third-party titles, potentially at some point front-line titles. But clearly we'll continue to push that. We believe the platform can do all those things. We also want to add more social layers into the platform and more tools, and you'll continue to see that evolution going on as well through the Origin platform. So more to come, we're pretty excited. Don't take my inflection point comment too literally, but you should see continued growth and you'll probably see some spikes in growth as we add new and exciting things to the service. You've got a capital allocation...
Blake J. Jorgensen: I'll hit that first. It's all three of those things. As Andrew mentioned, running a broad subscription service requires great content. And so we're always looking for great content and really great studios that can build that content. We partnered with Respawn for some time to get to know them. We believe they're a studio that can build not just the great games they're building today, but great games for a long time to come. And so it's a great studio and great partners that we can bring to the table in both mobile and console and PC, but also technology that will help us either in subscriptions or streaming, and you'll probably see some of that stuff to come. Most of it is probably more small to midsized than large just because there's not that many large companies out there, but we'll look at everything, and we want to maintain that flexibility. And that was really the primary reason for not doing a dividend is that we felt if we started a dividend it would be much harder to stop it if there was some reason to flex up to do something larger. And that's the reason we decided to stay with the buyback. We feel it's the most efficient way to do it and it gives you full flexibility going forward.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Yes, so let me do the Fortnite piece, and then I'll let Andrew talk about esports. We welcome innovation in the industry. That's what makes this business so exciting and fun to operate in. If you look back over the 20 or 30 years, the innovation that one game team has done has been going through the whole industry. It's fantastic, and we welcome innovators like Fortnite or PUBG that really help push everyone's thinking. And we feel that that's great for the business as a whole. We don't feel like any one player or any one game, from FIFA to Madden to Battlefield, is going to capture that 100% of the marketplace. It just doesn't happen that way. And so we haven't seen a giant impact, but it's guessing around what our forecast was. We try to be conservative. We try to anticipate as we do with either new titles coming out or existing titles or even things we don't know about. But we do think in the case of Fortnite, it's helped grow the whole marketplace. And in particular, it's bringing younger people into the marketplace and younger people into first-person shooters. And I think that's good for the long-run health of that category for all of us in the industry, not just one player.
Blake J. Jorgensen: Great. With that, we'll call it and see everyone, if not at E3, in the near future. Thanks very much for your time today.
