Andrew Wilson: Thanks, Chris. We drove incredible engagement and delivered high quality experiences in the quarter. As Chris shared, we are being disciplined and focused on what we can control to fuel our biggest growth opportunities. We are confident in our vision for the future, and with our exceptional talent, proven IP, and growing player network, EA is operating from a position of strength. Our audiences have an insatiable appetite for interactive entertainment and are engaging more deeply with the experiences they love. The future of entertainment is interactive, and no team is better equipped than EA to deliver amazing games and content to inspire the world to play. Now, Chris, Laura and I are here for your questions. Regina, we are ready for questions now. 
Andrew Wilson: Yeah, great question, and I do believe we've learned a great deal as we've gone through this. Certainly, this game was in development for a long period of time as the expectation for the size and scale and complexity of mobile games continues to grow as the platform continues to mature over time.  As we look at it, we really kind of compartmentalize into a few key categories. First, as you point out, this was a really good game built by really good teams, and it won game of year on both Apple and Android devices, which is an extraordinary achievement given the amount of games that are made.  But a couple of things also were true inside of that: One is, there is a level of immersion and complexity to Apex Game Play in particular, which is very much about what Apex is about, verticality of game play and team based play that didn't translate quite as well to mobile devices as we had hoped. I think we've learned a great deal from that.  Second is, the game while it really engaged the core deeply, and it actually attracted a lot of new users, which we think speaks volumes for the future success potential of the franchise, it didn't retain the more casual user at the rate that we needed it to, and in a game that relies a lot on team play and competitive play, liquidity of the overall player base is really, really important as you think about the future experience of players over time.  And then third, I think the mobile market continues to be challenging, and we certainly saw – you know we launched into what was a soft mobile market, and with some changing and evolving kind of player personalities as we move through.  So as we think about this on a go forward basis, we take those learnings and we apply the real strengths, which is we know Apex has incredible demand from both the core users and new more casual users. We know that we have the underlying ingredients to make an incredible game. We need to be thoughtful about the nature of the core game mechanics and the retention mechanics that we build into the game over time, and most importantly, as we look at the mobile market, the biggest new launches that are seeing the most success are the ones that are deeply connected to the broader franchise, where there's not always cross play, but it's certainly cross progression and a feeling that they are part of a single unified community and a single unified game experience.  And so as we think about that for the future, that will be very, very important as we reimagine Apex Mobile. And certainly as we had those learning from Apex Mobile and we were developing into Battlefield Mobile, we anticipated that while Battlefield had also been in development for some time and was making good progress, given the construct of that game, it also was probably going to run with some of the same challenges, and rather than continue to push against that, we wanted to come back, take a breath, reset and really think about the broader franchise strategy and allow the leadership to build a true cross platform immersive game experience around a reimagined battlefield in the future.  Both of these things represent strong learning opportunities for us, and both of these things represent an ability for us as a company to lean into two great franchises in a way that the mobile market is more aligned to for the future. 
Andrew Wilson: Okay, that is two solid questions. Let me start and then maybe Chris and Laura can provide some color as we get in. First off on mobile, I think a few things that we start with, and certainly I think that we, you know we think through on a daily basis, which is while the mobile market continues to be a very challenging market to find success in, it also continues to be the world's largest gaming platform and certainly has the ability to attract more plays than any other platform. And so for us it will always be a very important part of our go forward franchise strategy.  When we think about mobile broadly, we really think about the titles fitting into two key categories. The first category is what you speak to in the connective sports, but it's also true for Sims and Apex and Battlefield, and will be true for Skate, which is how is it part of a broader cross platform global community of play, and how do we unite and unify global communities of players around their core IP regardless of where they play on PC, mobile or console.  This for us represents probably our strongest opportunity in mobile and certainly where you'll see us begin to really invest. When you look at what's been happening with FIFI up triple digits, it's really as we've started to bring the mobile title closer to the core franchise and start to operate it as a singular business with a unified play community around the world. It’s how we're building for Skate, it’s how we're going to build for the future of the Sims, and with these decisions around Apex and Battlefield, it’s also how we’ll build for those franchises.  That represents an extraordinary opportunity for us to attract a much bigger global community to our biggest IP. It represents an opportunity to grow monetization on the mobile platform, but it also represents an opportunity to provide alternative ways for our existing core audiences who plan console and PC, to play when they are away from those core devices they have. And as we look at the mobile market on a go forward basis, we think that that will be where we’ll find real strength for that part of our business. The other part is, the stand alone mobile native titles, and we have a number of titles that continue to perform exceptionally well. Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes, The Sims, some of the titles that we got as part of our Glu acquisition, Golf Clash. We'll continue to invest in those as well, but you should expect that as we think about the future, we're going to really lay our investment into our bigger franchise play. We will continue to drive the long term value of our existing standalone mobile titles and will probably invest less in new startup standalone titles, just because we think that's probably not where we will find strength in the industry over time.  To hit your second part around title launches, and certainly I think we're hearing more about that across the industry, and I just, I’d separate what you are hearing from us with everything that you're hearing around the industry broadly. While it might be – it might make sense to kind of draw a broader narrative, I think for us as we look at it, we launched a number of titles in Q3 and Q4 certainly with Dead Space and Need For Speed and NHL some of our smaller titles, and FIFA and Madden, we've launched an incredible amount of titles on time and at tremendous high quality.  I think what we saw with Jedi, was this is an incredibly large game. It's you know both, immersive and creative and innovative, and the team just have come down the home stretch and really want to get to quality. And when we think about quality, quality is really a combination of three things: Innovation, Creativity and Polish. And that last element Polish, the removal of bugs and the removal of potential play frustrations is as important as the innovation and the creativity itself.  And so as we look at our future, we feel that we've been executing extremely well till this point, around the titles and the title updates that we've been launching. We also feel incredibly bullish and positive around the trajectory of Jedi. And when the team came and sat down and said, ‘Hey, if you let us have just a few more weeks, we think we can deliver even higher quality.’  We really wanted to get behind and support them. After all, this is an incredible team with the first iteration of the franchise that they launched. They broke all kinds of records. They are deeply committed to the franchise, deeply committed to our partners at Disney and deeply committed to our players, and we really wanted to get behind them and support it, especially as it will not impact the overall health of the franchise. In fact, it will not only last with a better quality, but almost certainly increase the lifetime value of the franchise over time. 
Andrew Wilson: And then as we think about FIFA broadly, and more importantly as we think about FC and you think about the growth in that business. I think we should think about it on three vectors. The first vector of course is World Cup, and certainly we saw very strong growth in our business coincided with the World Cup.  The good news about the World Cup, and we've been tracking this for many World Cups as you might imagine, is it's not a moment in time. It actually establishes new fans and brings more people to football. And while we had some incredible matches during this World Cup and we saw, you know incredible final that pitted Messy versus Mbappe, you know what that does is establish a whole new set of fans for football on a go forward basis. And so while certainly World Cup was a boost for us, we expected that will create an ongoing benefit over the course of time.  The second part of the growth though, it wasn't just about World Cup. It was the incredible titles that our teams launched, and certainly with what we did in the core FIFA franchise was our biggest and most innovative FIFA yet, with all that we did in and around FIFA Mobile, which was up triple digits, and all the new event content we put into FIFA online and how we really tied that community together into a global football ecosystem, you know interwoven into the fabric of football fandom, that's a really important part of growth.  And what we're seeing now is that we have fans coming into the experience, not just about experiencing one event or one team or one league, but fans coming to experience really to share their love and passion for football with their fans, and really to put it on the line against their rivals. And so as we think about what the teams have been able to do, we expect that that will continue to drive more growth for us over time.  The third one is football more broadly, and if you really track what's going on in the world, football in every part of the world is growing. It was growing before the World Cup, and it's certainly growing post the World Cup. Premier league, La Liga, League One, MLS, all these leagues are growing in popularity globally, and if you look at what happened for us, we nearly doubled our units in North America FIFA. That represents a significant opportunity for us in this incredibly sports hungry market.  And so if you take those three things and then you roll that into EA Sports FC that we will launch later this year, where we have significantly more control over the nature of the experience and the things that we can do for fans, we can work more closely together with our partners at a league level, at a team level, at a player level. We think that well beyond this World Cup and certainly through many World Cups to come, the growth in football for us represents an extraordinary opportunity. 
Andrew Wilson: Yeah, so I think that you know as we talked about in the prepared remarks, Apex is traditionally a little quieter in Q3 as the live service ebbs and flows with a launch slate of new titles around the holiday. I think this was a very strong launch holiday slate, including you know FIFA which performed very well during a World Cup, and certainly there were some competitive titles that were very strong – that had been very weak in prior years quite frankly. And so there was probably a little built up demand around some of those competitive titles.  And so, while you know the franchise still performed incredibly well, just not quite as well as we had expected based on our projection of where the competitive landscape would be. And we're already starting to see a resurgence of engagement in the franchise, which is again typical of Apex, and we're coming up to a four year anniversary, and we've got a season launch update coming, and we feel very, very good about where the franchise is going. I believe the franchise will continue to grow. We've got a lot of new things that we can do. While mobile isn't going to be the growth vector today, it will be a growth vector in the future. There's new geographic expansion that we will go to. There will be modalities of play, that the team will – you know additional modalities of play that the team will investigate over the course of time.  As we've always said, we think about this as at least a 10 year franchise. We're just coming up to the fourth anniversary. It's an incredibly successful franchise. Our community is very dedicated to it, very highly engaged. Our expectation is that we’ll have a strong quarter, but we're also being very deliberate around how we planned for the quarter, given what we've just seen in Q3 around the macro. 
Andrew Wilson: The one piece I would add to that around that, and concur with Chris, it's not so much about what did we pay fee for or what won't we pay fee for the future. I think that we will invest meaningfully into the franchise to grow it through this phase. Again, we have really said this is not just about a change of the sign on the front of the game, but a real sign of change in terms of what we offer the players over time. And we do believe that we can offer a bigger, more comprehensive, more immersive global football fan experience within our games and beyond the bounds of our games, working with our great partners around the world.  And as we think about investing in that in ’24 and maybe even deeply in ’25, we believe it will pay meaningful dividends over the course of time. This is a franchise that we've been investing in for 30 years. I couldn't be more excited about the next 30 years of the franchise, and what we'll be able to do. And so I think our focus right now is really how do we set ourselves up to realize the fullness of the potential of developing the preeminent interactive football fan community in the world. 
Andrew Wilson: Great! And Matt, let me jump in on the question about the guidance. So as we talked about in some form in some of the other questions, the move of Jedi to Q1 is the most material driver of the Q4 guidance revision, And it’s a significant part of the full year revision as well, depending on which wins that you're taking a looking at the at the guidance numbers.  Again, just again reiterating that from a lifetime economic standpoint, the move to Q1 is better for the overall game, the ecosystem and for the brand, and again importantly, given the timing of the original launch in March versus now in April, it doesn't change our cash flow forecast for Q4 nor for FY’24. 
Andrew Wilson: Great, okay, and I'll start and then turn it over to Laura to talk about Lord of the Rings. The shape of the quarter, and I think you know, in some of the materials, we talked about how uncertainty mounted throughout the course of the quarter, and I think that’s a – that’s probably a good reflection of what we saw, and it is a quarter where the results were mixed. Where we were continuing to watch the strength in FIFA, the strength and FIFA that occurred throughout the quarter, and in particular at the end of the quarter. And then we were also watching the performance of these high quality titles, and how they launch in the market reception to that and both from a player, and a reviewer, as well as a monetization standpoint.  So I'd say we were, understanding, absorbing and analyzing you know different data points throughout the course of the quarter. But as I talked about, in particular the things that led to the our performance in Q3 and the extension of that into Q4 were specifically related to high quality launches and the pattern I would say of recognition of what we would expect in terms of return, versus launches of that caliber, and that was very specific to the titles that launched on those dates in the quarter, as well as just the macro, I would say market gravity that we saw across smaller titles throughout the quarter. 
Andrew Wilson: Okay. So thank you all for joining us for this quarter. We appreciate the support. We appreciate the good questions and the engagement today, and we'll speak to you next quarter. 
Chris Suh: Sure. Hi Andrew! This is Chris. I could take this one. So in my prepared commentaries I talked about what we saw in Q3 and the specific trend I point to is the fact that we talked about strong player engagement and high quality titles. But I also talked about the fact that the highly rated titles didn't perform to the level that we would expect it based on historical expectations for a title of that caliber.  And so we're taking some of those learnings, and I do think that you know when we look at all the data and we analyze what we saw in terms of demand and results, we do believe that that's a reflection of the overall market conditions that we saw continued to mount throughout the quarter, and we've taken those learnings and we applied those into the Q4 guidance. 
Chris Suh: Okay, got it. I think I followed all your numbers Omar, so let me see if I could help. So I think directionally if I followed your math, your math is sort of futs, if I could put it that way. The drivers for Q4 and consequently for the full year are in fact the exact drivers that I talked about previously, which is first and foremost the shift of Jedi from Q4 and into Q1 of FY ’24, that's the most significant impact on the Q4 number.  Secondly, as you pointed out, the performance in Q3 relative to our guidance, that's the next one. And then by extension of that which Andrew asked as well earlier, which was what did we take in terms of learnings from Q3 and how are we applying the current macro environment and the current market conditions against what we know to be high quality launches in Q4, and that’s part of the equation as well into Q4. And then the fourth one as you pointed out is the sun setting of Apex Mobile. So those are the four primary – I think you have the four primary drivers and that equates the revision in the guidance in Q4. 
Chris Suh: Hey Eric! This is Chris. I'll sort of take your questions I think together in – I think it sort of thematically hits on similar things. So let me just talk about sort of our approach to what we've talked about on the call, which is really focusing our investments into our best long term growth opportunities.  I think what you see, that we did in Q3 and Q4, as well as the inferences of what we're going to continue to do in ’24 is a reflection of us continuing to be very disciplined about how we view and really prioritize how we view our growth opportunities.  And so they don't – you know we've been very deliberate and very careful to continue and invest in those things that will bring long term growth and really being very disciplined about the pace of hiring and some of the variable spend that applied to our – you know given the business that we see in the second half of the year.  As we look forward into ’24, I think again, just doing the math on the early guide that I gave, if we're able to achieve the guidance or the preliminary direction that I gave to a mid-single digit top line with a better than that improvement on operating line, it would be margin improvement year-on-year in ’24 versus ’23 for sure. 
Chris Suh: Yeah, I could certainly take that one. As we talked about, we're operating in a time when there's greater uncertainty and greater unpredictability in the market. And we saw that in Q3. As we look forward into FY’24 I would say that the early direction we gave assumes really based on the best information we have now, which is you know we're not in the business of forecasting markets or GDP or macro, but we do know the trends that we see now that we executed Q3 with and that we are seeing entering Q4.  And so I would say that the best way to think about FY’24 is that the underlying market assumptions that are neither material improvement nor material worsening in that macro environment that we're operating in. And then obviously, as we continue to go on and get closer to the quarters, we'll have more certainty with the out quarters that we are looking at.  In terms of the FIFA math associated with the license fees, you know the way that I would encourage you to think about it is that, in FY ’24, it's such an important transition year for what is, our biggest franchise, and our focus is really about making sure that we build the greatest experience in terms of bringing the players along with us in the journey. It never has been solely about the profit margins associated with this transition, and so we are completely focused on making the transition in the launch of EA SPORTS FC a really fantastic experience for players. 
Laura Miele: Hi Stephen! This is Laura. I'm going to take the Glu mobile question. As Andrew framed earlier, we still perceive the mobile market to be significant. It's a $100 billion. It's where Gen Z and Gen Alpha play. It's the platforms they prefer. It's also a significant platform in growth geographies around the world where we are looking to expand our franchises, so incredibly important market.  And as it relates to Glu, we see the genres and markets in the shooter category, the sports category, the casual creation category where females primarily play. So – and of course the Glu content fits very well into these genres and these categories in the mobile market that are still growing and where we still see a strong connection.  Glu is fully integrated into EA and EA’s mobile teams now, and so as we think about our future of Sims, we of course consider Cabot Fashion Design Home as part of that ecosystem as Andrew has referenced. We think about tapped sports and the potential that we have globally around our sports business. Those are a meaningful part of our growth there. And we also have had some strong talent, some good tech have been integrated into our overall EA mobile business.  So the integration and the transition has happened, and we really consider and look at the mobile business within EA in a very whole way. 
Laura Miele: Hi Matt! On the mobile sickness as you said, we measured certainly by engagement. And I would say it varies across the mobile experiences we have. As we've discussed our strategy and how we are thinking about the future, it’s really around how the mobile platform can contribute to the overall connected ecosystems of franchises and what we're seeing, as in Andrew mentioned, as players play on the go, as Gen Z and Gen Alpha market, you know addressable market expands as every year goes by, it’s going to be very important for us to show up on the right platforms for the right moments and right experiences.  So we're seeing in some of our, as we discussed on FIFA Mobile is we've had we have significant engagement and significant acquisitions into this franchise, because of the mobile game that we have. And that's how we're really looking at the incredible assets that we have around casual creator games for our Sims products, our sports games and really dial that up to connect into the ecosystems, because they can be a meaningful contributor of new players, engagement and connection into a high def experience. 
Laura Miele: Hi David! To answer your question about Lord of the Rings Mobile. As a reminder, this is a team that created Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes, which has been one of our most successful mobile games, and we're over $1 billion in net bookings on that. They are currently actively working on Lord of the Rings and soft launch currently and so we expect a full launch on that mobile game this coming year. 
