Andrew Wilson: Thanks Blake. It is a great time to be part of the interactive entertainment industry. The excitement throughout the community for new experiences and innovation shows how games more than any other form of entertainment can bring people together. Billions of people, from every corner of the world, bring their passion to play, connect, compete, and share through games. Making that possible is what drives every single one of us at Electronic Arts. Amazing games are the very core of our business growth. We have a powerful and diverse portfolio of games across genres, fulfilling a breadth of motivations for our players. From escape in Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, to competition though EA SPORTS, to social connection in Battlefield V, and more. Creativity fuels our future, and our studios have many more new experiences in development. New IP at Motive, new projects at DICE, Bioware, Maxis and Criterion, new mobile titles, new titles for EA SPORTS, new indie and third-party developer titles, all that will continue to excite and grow our global audience. Live services extend and enhance the experience of those games. Apex Legends, FIFA, The Sims 4, Galaxy of Heroes and more of our top franchises have thriving global communities spanning hundreds of millions of players. We’ve been pioneers in this space, building on years of expertise and success to deliver continuously evolving experiences fueled by new content, in game events, and fan-requested updates. Competitive gaming adds another dimension to the experience to play and watch, and we’re building on our strength here with more of our franchises set to enter esports in the coming months. As players around the world play their favorite games for longer periods of time, robust live services will continue to be vital to the experience, and a growth driver for our business. Reaching more players on more platforms is also a key driver for us. New consoles, cloud gaming, and more platform choices will continue to expand the addressable audience. We’re thrilled to be bringing the EA and Steam communities together through the EA Access subscription, and we’re working to reach more platforms in the near future. As cloud gaming continues to develop, through Project Atlas we are testing games streamed on public cloud infrastructure to ensure we are at the forefront of this developing space. We’re also very excited to continue working with our first-party partners on their new platforms, where we’ll be well positioned to deliver some outstanding new experiences beginning next year. With some of the most talented, creative and passionate teams in the industry, we are building momentum. Our focus on making great games and live services for more players around the world has never been stronger. Now Blake and I are here for your questions.
Andrew Wilson: On the EA’s SPORTS point, there are a number of EA SPORTS games that we’ve worked on or developed or published over the years. Some of those sports, we’re seeing strong resurgence and strong growth, and we’re investing back in. It’s an area of key strength for us as a business, and EA SPORTS teams have demonstrated an ability to truly engage a global population of sports fans. With respect to NCAA Sports in general, yes, we have been in that business before as well. We saw the news today as did you, we had fed into the NCAA Working Group. That news today was new to us. We’re still digesting it. We would anticipate that there is still a number of things that would have to happen over the coming years before we will be able to get back into that business, but certainly we’re watching closely.
Andrew Wilson: Yeah, I think there’s really three, four changes. One is, we’re seeing players want to apply and engage more. Again, over the last 24 to 36 months or even a little longer than that, you’ve seen us focused deeply on live service and drive engagement into our games. And you saw that through last year, and we’re seeing that pay off this year. And so, as we look forward, we’re seeing players’ events even greater intention to spend more time into those games. So, this really – there is two other broad changes. One is just how we developed the cold features inside that game and we’re doubling down on those types of features that allow players to fulfil those cool motivations that drive alive service, social interaction, competition, self-improvement, creation, those things that really drive our live service business. And then we’re doubling down on the teams both in terms of development and marketing in terms of how we bring those things to market. And what you’ve seen this year is a willingness for us to do things slightly differently. If you take what we did with Madden this year, we launched the game earlier and we held another whole set of content for a different audience and marketed that differently, entitled that differently and released at around kickoff, and we’re seeing tremendous success as a result of that. And so not only will we build a double down on the actual development of the feature set, we’re also going to be speaking and communicating and marketing the content differently to gamers across the board.
Andrew Wilson: Good question. So, still that resource constraints, I’ll say that up front, but it was a very thought through decision for us and there was a few factors that came into play. And the first is that we still see a burgeoning opportunity with Battlefield V. And as I talked about in the prepared remarks, we’re about to launch a whole new theater of wall with the Pacific theater and the team is still really thinking about, how they can continue to drive that service on a going forward basis. So, we think there’s opportunity still inside the Battlefield V experience, as it was built as a bite large service from the beginning. The second is we now effectively have an annualized shooter Apex Legends and we see tremendous growth opportunity that can continue to engage, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, now over 70 million players. And as Blake talked about, we have opportunity to take that into other regions and to other platforms. And we think is a tremendous growth opportunity on that and want to make sure that we give that the time that it deserves. And then third, as we thought about building for the next Battlefield. Battlefield has always been cutting edge, leading edge, both in terms of visual fidelity, and in gameplay and in multiplayer play. And as a team really began working against that. It became a parent to us that, launching into the next gen platforms was going to offer tremendous opportunity for innovation. But we really wanted to give the install base some opportunity to grow. And believe that in combination with the first three things I talked about launching battlefield in FY ‘22 is a really strong move for us and presents us with an opportunity for strong two years of growth. In terms of the overall franchise direction, I don’t think you should read into this a dramatic change in franchise direction other than it will be driven around live service as the nature of our industry now. It will be cutting edge. It will be high fidelity. It will be doing things in the context of multi-play and social play and competition that Battlefields to this point have not done. And we do believe it will be a really, really exciting title in FY ‘22.
Andrew Wilson: There was a lot in there I will do my best. First, we’re very happy with VOLTA. Again and what we’ve talked about over the years is our objective around our FIFA franchise more broadly as we think about FIFA is our platform. And how can we build features that attract new audiences to the game? We did that with the journey with story mode for a number of years. We did that with the World Cup content last year and we’re doing that with VOLTA this year with the express purpose of bringing new fans into the game and reigniting the passions of laps fans, who may be not applied FIFA for some time. As a result of that, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, VOLTA is the second most played mode in the game. And games across the board engagement across the board is up in FIFA. So we’re very, very happy about that. In terms of what impact that has on Ultimate Team. What we do continually discover is that Ultimate Team as a mode with these core motivations of collection and competition and social interaction at the very core, often our players ultimately find their spending most of the time. And so, even as we brought players into the game around the journey, even as we brought players into the game around the World Cup content last year, and even as we bring plays into the game around VOLTA this year, we do see a positive impact that has on Ultimate Team over time as players come together with their friends and engage in what is, one of the most fun parts of the FIFA experience. And so our expectation is that we will continue to drive that growth. That Ultimate Team, all the work done in Ultimate Team in of itself drove growth, but the combination of that in bringing new fans through VOLTA effectively drove our Ultimate Team performance. And you should expect it will continue think about our FIFA franchise and our Madden franchise in this way around building new modes to bring people in, and then helping them find their friends in the modes they love the most.
Andrew Wilson: Yeah. On Stadia, no updates right now on Stadia. We’ve got some old things coming, both in terms of our own tests, we’re running as part of project Atlas and on the public infrastructure that we’re being very happy about, and with some other cloud partners, who are launching some things in the future.
Andrew Wilson: So, on VOLTA, yes, we’re seeing strong engagement in the visual content and the aesthetic content. We don’t have a focus on the monetization of that content this year. As we have done over the years, the first objective is to attract new players. I think we’ve done that very well so far. The second objective is to drive deep engagement of that player base overtime. And then typically, once you put those two things together, it ultimately drives monetization, but that’s not our focus this year.
Andrew Wilson: Yeah, so I think there's a couple of things going on there. One is we're not announcing anything else that DICE is doing in specifics for next year. But you should imagine with a number of live services and play that will continue to support those. And Blake talked about the ongoing strength of Battlefront II, and I reference the ongoing strength of Battlefield 5. As we think about balancing the portfolio around titles launch next year, and titles that will get the greatest boost of later on, what we have seen is a greater propensity for sports game players to play across both generations of title and we've seen that lift. And some of the things that we really want to do in the Battlefield franchise as it relates to the new fidelity that will really show up well inside of a Battlefield game. We'd like to have a deep install base for. So it really comes down to balancing a whole range of different things across our portfolio. But we feel very good about the opportunity to grow the business next year, and have a Battlefield tall in FY '22 that will grow there well and deliver on what our fan expectations will be for Battlefield game on next gen platforms.
Andrew Wilson: On the Star Wars piece, so well the rise of Skywalker is the last in this particular film set. You know, Disney had talked about having extraordinarily robust plans around that franchise over time. What we talked about was, you know, The Mandalorian coming with Disney plus the new movie And Galaxy's Edge in theme parks. And so our expectation is that in partnership with Disney, we will get the benefit of the ongoing plans around the continued development and provision of great content experiences for Star Wars fans for many years to come.
Blake Jorgensen: So let me take live server one first, Eric. You know, we have invested heavily in live services over the past 10 years. Obviously, we're seeing the benefits of that today with titles like Ultimate Team across all our sports and The Sims, obviously Apex is a new live service which we will invest heavily in to try to continue to grow that business. We view that as an annual shooter franchise effectively. And we're trying to build that as a 10 year business not one year or two year business. And we're very excited about the roadmap that the response team has put in place. Beyond that, obviously FIFA Online in Asia is critical. We're announcing as we move from FIFA Online 3 to FIFA Online 4 in Korea rapid growth. We're still operating both platforms online 3, and online 4 in China and over time, we'll move to a single platform there. But we feel like we're out of the woods on the bad comp from last year and so we're starting to see good growth there. And we're looking at how do we extend live services across every single one of our titles that can be as successful or more successful than what we see on our sports titles and The Sims and Apex. That includes titles like Battlefield titles, the action game like Anthem and you’ll continue to see improvements across that and we’re excited about where that can go. It is how people want to play games. It is where we think we have a skillset that is different than many of the other game companies and we think we can continue to be very successful there.
Blake Jorgensen: Yeah, no, we were implying growth for Sims as well. We’ve continued to grow that title every year for that since it was shipped what seven years ago and we feel that continues on. They’ve got a really robust plan for continued growth. And there may be some other re-masters that we do along the Command & Conquer line that we just haven’t announced yet. But that – we believe all that yield is pretty exciting fiscal 2021. And effectively, what we’re doing is giving you some guidance on fiscal 2022, knowing that the Battlefield is coming then. And remember, the goal of Battlefield for 2022 is to really take advantage of a larger installed base of the new console. Bringing out Battlefield next year, where the new console base is fairly small, doesn’t really give justice to the potential of the title. And so that’s part of our driver and moving the title into fiscal 2022. So, think about it as multiyear growth model that we just tried to lay out for people, and we’re pretty excited about it.
Blake Jorgensen: Yeah, it’s hard to predict when you get approval in China, so we don’t know. So, I would assume that an Apex China console PC game is probably the tail end of the year, if not even the following year. We think, we’ve got a faster pace on mobile globally ex-China. So, we would hope to see that in the year as well, sometime during the year, really depends on how long we keep it in soft launch. But we’re obviously including those as we think about growth but the bulk of that growth is probably ‘22 verses ‘21 where we really start to gain traction there.
Blake Jorgensen: Yeah, I mean, subscriptions, I mean, live services so large, subscription is still a relatively small portion of that. We are around 5 million subscribers now and have grown much faster on the Sony platform than we did in the early days of the Microsoft platform. Obviously, there are more consoles out there now, so that helps it. But the Sony platform has grown well beyond our expectations, and we’re very excited and they’ve been a great partner for us. As Andrew mentioned, we’re continuing to drive subscriptions across as many platforms as we can. We want to go where the gamers play. And clearly that was the driver of Valve Steam approach. What we found is that subscribers engage more and spend more money at the end of the day. That’s why it’s such a great business model. They’re very sticky. They tend to stay in the subscriptions longer and they’re looking for great content and they find games they’ve never played before then start to monetize in those games. And that’s the reason we’re so optimistic about it. But it’s still a relatively smaller portion of the overall business because, obviously, in the quarter, almost $500 million of revenue, the big dominators there are Apex and Ultimate Team and followed by The Sims and FIFA Online in Asia, but it continues to be an important part of the overall life services business.
Blake Jorgensen: It certainly could be a separate title in the future where we really want to keep the team hyper focused on Apex because we see there’s so much opportunity there. But – so I can’t give you a sense of if and when it will come, but it’s still a great brand and we certainly won’t forget about it down the road.
Blake Jorgensen: And part of it is changing the talent mix. We’re bringing in more people that have live service expertise. I think there’s probably no one in the world that has better live service expertise than we do in sports. But you need to make sure you’re bringing in talent that can support a team like Apex, support the Battlefield teams so forth. And that’s important because the talent mix is very different and we’ve been successful in recruiting some fabulous people into those teams and will continue to focus on that.
Blake Jorgensen: Other things, Stephen is a lot of investors, I don’t think fully appreciate the depth of our catalog business. As Andrew mentioned, Battlefield V, we want to continue to have that as a critical part of our catalog. You all might be surprised, but we have sold over 33 million copies of Star Wars Battlefront I and Battlefront II combined. That’s a huge tale for our business going forward. And so we’re very conscious as to how we think about staging when our games come out. And I think people get used to the annual cadence of sports, which works really well in sports, but we want to be careful on some of these other franchises that we give them the long life that they deserve inside our business and can generate great returns for us over a long period of time.
Blake Jorgensen: And just a couple of clarifications on your second question. So, we said double digits growth in the quarter for FIFA not for next year. I don't know what we're doing for next year. We're very excited that we can continue to grow. That's what we said. But we didn't give any sort of sizing on any of the products for next year. I will say that the double digit growth is healthy double digit growth. So I'm not talking about 11% here. We're 10%, we're talking about healthy double digit growth across both FIFA and Madden. And we're very excited about the continuation of that. And we're just reporting on that in the in the quarter. And in terms of the other two titles, those are third party console PC titles we were speaking of, not mobile titles. But you should assume that obviously for Apex mobile in China, we would use a third party. And I think as we've said, we're considering using a third party for Apex mobile globally, because obviously there could be some ability to have some economies of scale there by using one partner maybe.
Blake Jorgensen: Yeah, so yeah, so full game download is actually up year-over-year 11%. So 275 million from 157 a year ago. The strength in that was driven by Madden and FIFA. Remember there's only a few days in FIFA. And remember as well FIFA, we did not ship gen 3 FIFA this year, it's the first year we've stopped selling gen 3 FIFA. So you can imagine there was some downward pressure on gen three. We also added PS4 into the subscription. And so you can imagine there was also some people playing FIFA through the subscription. And so we still see growth with those factors is pretty impressive. We are seeing you know, obviously, some of the older titles probably are dropping off even though they tend to sell well as full game downloads, but they're always an age, you know, on those so something like, you know, a FIFA 18 that someone might still buy as a full game download because they wanted the World Cup mode. You're seeing less of that. But overall, we saw growth across all the core franchises led by FIFA and madden.
Blake Jorgensen: Yeah, I think the other thing to remember is, we're now over 50% of full games being sold digitally. You have to imagine that if you're a retailer out there, you are buying less full games. And historically, the business was built on, you sold in a huge amounts of games, and then those sold out over a long period of time and you oftentimes had to support that with marketing or sales reserves. That business has changed dramatically. Retailers are either buying less or maybe not even in business. And that's because people are buying things digitally. But that flattens the sales curve in some way for some of these games. And I think you'll see that across the entire industry, not just with us.
Blake Jorgensen: I can't give you any more than the range. But I just remind people that 300 million to 400 million is a small portion of 5.125 billion, so don't over index on it. Because if it was three and a quarter versus 3.75 versus 400, I don't think that's going to make a break the year. In terms of the user profile, I think Andrew mentioned that was very similar weekly average users still in that 8 to 10 million range. We're very happy with that. That's extremely robust. And you know one of the largest games that we've ever seen inside our portfolio and that continues on. It's very engaged and community. And, you know, you'll continue to see us add things that drive engagement like esports and obviously more content. And we feel like it's tracking as we would have thought.
Blake Jorgensen: Yeah, I mean, you should assume that there's, you know, Dragon Age out there, and we talked about it publicly that it's in the works and probably comes after fiscal '22. But, you know, we typically don't give multiyear guidance this early in the year or multiyear guidance period. So I don't want to start giving '23 guidance now that I've started a hint on '22. But you should assume it's out there and plans are underway for that product, as well as some other products. There's some other Disney stuff that might drop into – Star Wars stuff that might drop into '22 or maybe even earlier, but with more to come on that. We're still highly engaged around the Disney license. Believe it or not, we are close to a $1 million on Star Wars: The Old Republic, revenue from the start of its history. So you know, it's a business that just keeps on going. And we like those types of businesses and we're going to continue to layer those in and clearly Star Wars is part of that process.
Blake Jorgensen: All right. Thank you everyone. We'll talk to everybody, either between now and the end of next quarter or the end of next quarter.
