Thomas Richards: Thanks, Stephanie, and good morning, everyone. It's good to be with you today and report strong results after the close of our successful IPO in July. Joining me today is the CFO, Ann Ziegler; and Chief Legal Officer, Chris Leahy. Also joining us for the first time is our new VP of Investor Relations, Sari Macrie. For those of you who are new to our calls, we will follow our usual format where I provide a high-level overview of results and strategic progress, and Ann provides a more detailed review of our financial results. After that, we'll open it up for some questions. But before we begin, Sari will read the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement. 
Thomas Richards: Mark, look as we talked about during the road show, we think more than a significant portion came from penetrating existing customers, but there was some portion -- we don't really share the percentages. But it was more heavily weighted to penetrating existing customers than it was acquiring new customers, just in total. 
Thomas Richards: Okay. So it'll be, as I said, the 125 are what we call customer-facing coworkers, it will be spread across some of our specialist organization and particular areas where we're seeing strong growth. And we'll also be adding a fair amount of new sellers, both inside sellers and field sellers. So it will really be across those 3 disciplines and then the fourth one is service delivery, expanding out our national services footprint. So it will be in those kind of 3 groups. 
Thomas Richards: Ben, I would say that what we saw in general was kind of gross margin pressure. And what we would call more of the transactional products, it was pretty consistent across the whole product suite. We anticipate that, that's going to continue. We think it's a function of just kind of the economic climate and some of the pressure and headwind it's putting on the business. So it was kind of a constant pressure across that group of products, specifically. 
Thomas Richards: Yes. That's exactly -- we are anticipating that it is going to continue. Look, I'll be thrilled if it doesn't, but we're kind of counting on it continuing to happen. 
Thomas Richards: Well, we are going to hold ourselves accountable to delivering the profitability we -- Ann articulated. So the answer is, yes, we're going to deliver. 
Thomas Richards: Yes. We're -- as I said, we're thrilled with what we've seen. That momentum started to pick up at the end of last year, and we've just seen it continue. I think part of it has to do with, as you know, the market segment that is our sweet spot and we focus on within MedLar, more seeing what I would call businesses continuing to invest in infrastructure. And we saw that in the solutions part of our business that's tied to MedLar. I would tell you also that as we identified, we also had strong transaction growth. So it wasn't just a one-trick pony as far as what's driving that. And we are anticipating that will continue throughout the rest of the year. It's been 2 or 3 quarters of good momentum now. 
Thomas Richards: Well, I think they're going to continue to see some of those headwinds that I alluded to. Those will continue. But as I also said, we do still view Health Care as a strong component of our growth profile. And so we're going to expect that they'll get back into the positive side of the ledger. We're just not quite exactly sure when that is and when some of the -- what I would describe ambiguity tied to House sequestration trickles down into Medicare, Medicaid. And so that's going to continue to be a headwind for them. 
Thomas Richards: Brian, I think we're going to continue to kind of meet our commitment to be 200 to 300 basis points at least greater than the IT market. There are some wildcards in the second half. What happens in the federal market with sequestration and how that plays out with the budgeting process, which, I wish I had enough clairvoyance to predict, but I don't. But we are anticipating a strong mid-single digits growth over the second half of the year, assuming the IT market continues to grow in low-single digits. 
Thomas Richards: Brian, it was the latter. It was really -- we saw it across the segments, and it was transactional products in general. 
Thomas Richards: No. I don't think I could point to a single competitor that was driving the pricing pressure in  the marketplace. Look, we constantly get support from our partners to kind of build solutions and to grow the business. But the direct answer is no, it wasn't a single competitor. 
Thomas Richards: I think my team would tell you, they could answer that question with a yes. We do see opportunities to grow productivity on a per-sales basis and also revenue per coworker. We think, despite our excellent execution and our focus on process improvement, we have a number of initiatives underway right now, which we think are just going to continue to enhance the productivity of that sales organization. 
Thomas Richards: I don't really think it was unique to a particular category as much as it was just tied to -- there were some deals that didn't repeat that were pretty significant. And that ends up being a one-quarter kind of phenomenon. But I wouldn't say there was anything, Katy, that would say there was weakness in a particular software category. We've had some surprising growth from new players in software -- and for the software market, that's been encouraging. And so nothing that I would kind of say, "Gee, here's a systemic weakness in a particular part of the marketplace." 
Thomas Richards: Yes. Good question, Jayson. We think kind of as I alluded to in the script that there is still more of a cautious nature. And I suspect it's just the nature of the beast and the financial flexibility that a small business has versus a larger corporation that might have more resources, with which to allocate to making IT investment. I don't know that it's anything more than just different views of the economic climate they're operating in and who has more flexibility and therefore, who can make greater investment. That would be just my thesis at this point. 
Thomas Richards: Well, we don't provide actual forecast by product category, but I can tell you it seems like every one of these earnings calls I do, Netcom and storage is highlighted as an area that's growing faster than overall CDW. So I think it's just a function of, as people have been moving data, enhancing data center that the movement has to be -- the data has to be stored. You just kind of see those 2 technologies kind of working in a step function together. 
Thomas Richards: Well, I alluded to 1, which is security has been just kind of a really significant growth engine for us. We've been adding additional resources to support that growth. Also on the area of networking and Netcom in general, as people are kind of expanding their networks to deal with the proliferation and movement of data. And in storage, as I just alluded to, again, it's -- I don't know how many quarters in a row we've continued to have strong storage growth. So those, I think, are 3 categories that seem to be the biggest consistent drivers of our solutions business. I had one other. We put -- we have a category called Converged Infrastructure. It includes security, mobility, networking, collaboration. And those have been strong, strong growth areas for us. 
Thomas Richards: Well, we measure utilization across the company, and let's just say it was in the mid-60s range, which is a good utilization rate for us. 
Thomas Richards: No, not yet. I mean, if you're kind of asking are we beginning these systems integrators come downmarket, no. We -- look, I would say, I can't say never. But I would say for the most part, we're competing with the people that we traditionally have competed with which is the local bars. 
Thomas Richards: So those are kind of related, actually. Let me see if I can come out, Matt, and see if I can answer the question. I think look, as I said earlier, it's a wildcard. I mean, I think we're in a little bit of a territory that we haven't been before. But based on the volume of work and planning and activity our government organization is seeing, we would expect to see -- I don't know that I'd call it a full flush, but kind of an improvement and increasing activity. We just don't know the degree at this point. And so I think that will influence both your question on top line growth and then just as importantly, your question on margin. So it is a bit of a wildcard as we go into some unchartered waters here. 
Thomas Richards: All right. So let me make sure I got both of those. The first one is we saw the notebook growth pretty much across the spectrum when it comes to the different segments. And we did see some tablet softening, if I can say it that way, which, I think, just kind of demonstrates the growth of the portfolio, the benefit of having such a broad portfolio. 
Thomas Richards: Look, the tablet margin is, by nature, going to be not as strong as notebook. But it isn't anything that isn't kind of in a normal rhythm of the business, if I can say it like that. 
Thomas Richards: All right. Thanks, Stephanie. I'd like to thank everybody again for taking the time this morning in joining us. Thank you for your interest in CDW. And as I always end these calls, if you or your company need some help with technology, we'd be more than happy to help and you guys know how to find me. So thanks again for joining. 
