Albert Miralles: Yes, sure, Adam. Happy to address that. A couple of things. First, I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks, look, we feel encouraged by the pipeline that we have and kind of what's out there from a customer spend perspective. And a lot of that would be more in the solutions category as we talked about. So that's number one. The thinking, Adam, is, look, if you look back over history of seasonality -- historical seasonality would be more in like the mid-teens level. And so when we take the sum of the catalysts that Chris mentioned upfront, that is the workload and data growth, the need on the security front and obsolescence of client devices.  We think that there's both catalyst there, but also kind of an existing tangible pipeline that we see. And so when you add that together and you think about the context of historical seasonality in the more mid-teens, our Q2 outlook would actually be short of that seasonality modestly, and we think that knowing that Q1 was a slower start, there's a decent pipeline there, and we know that ultimately, our customers have to get back to these critical spend items. We have confidence in ability to get to that level from a seasonality perspective in the second quarter. 
Albert Miralles: Yes, sure. A couple of things I would mention. When we think about the parallel to 2023, look, a year later, a lot of the caution and concern that we experienced has persisted, and I would say, to some extent, in Q1, became even more heightened. And look, there is a mixed story on the economy, but when you think about the financial aspects intra-quarter, we went from an expectation in the market of a number of rate cuts to the potential of now just a few. So there's been quite the whipsaw effect just to give that kind of backdrop, if you will, that is the economic and financial environment continues to get more complicated, Samik, for sure.  The other element I would add is on the solutions front a year later, notwithstanding those comments about macro uncertainty persisting. We've got several categories that obviously have gone through pretty significant market transitions and digestion of capacity. And really, it all points back to as the clock moves forward, we get closer and closer to those catalysts that we talked about, that is need for network modernization, need to address workload and data growth and so our confidence on the solutions front is that ultimately, customers will have to act on those things. And I would say, our pipeline reflects a lot of those intended actions just the space that we're in right now is customers are deferring, taking longer, have more decision-makers to get to that solution spend but we know that it's out there.  So that would be how I compare the different periods. Look, hopefully, we'll get more economic and financial clarity that will assist. Hopefully, we'll get further down the path of customers thinking about what their IT road maps will look like in this era of AI. And then we do believe that we would see more balanced spending across both solutions and transactions. 
Albert Miralles: Sure, Samik. For the full year, I would say, we're holding to our expectation on gross margin that we gave, which was that it would be similar to 2023 all in. I think there's going to probably be some variability quarter-to-quarter. Obviously, most notably driven by mix, but at this juncture, we would hold to those expectations. Certainly, given that the mix has shifted a bit in Q1 and we saw stronger client device growth and less solutions, you'd expect that, that would have some impact on our gross margin. But I would say when we think about the contribution of netted-down revenue, which we think is durable that's helped to hold those margins. And so at this juncture, we're holding to that expectation of that kind of high 21s gross margin similar to 2023. 
Albert Miralles: Look, we will continue to do what we've done in terms of balancing both the strategic and tactical elements on the capital allocation front. And I think, look, I think 2023 is probably a good guidepost for you in terms of what that looks like. At any given time, we're going to look at all the elements of the -- what's going to provide the best short-term return, how do we feel about the valuation front, and where do we get the most strategic value. I think the opportunity for us on it in 2024 is we'll continue to be patient and opportunistic. But with $800 million of cash on the balance sheet, I'd say, pretty consistent track record here of cash flow generation.  We feel like we've got plenty of opportunity and optionality to be able to create value across all 4 of the priorities in our capital allocation scheme. 
Albert Miralles: And maybe, Erik, just adding on to that and to kind of stitch the story together. We talk about these catalysts. Within those catalysts are plenty of opportunities from a solutions perspective. I think that what we saw transpire is this kind of heightened caution and concern kind of the -- as you can see what's around the corner phenomenon, if you will, from a corporate perspective just caused more delay in deliberation.  And then to Chris' point, you add on AI and the complexity of the -- what is it ultimately going to mean for these customers' infrastructure environments, and it's just more impetus to say, let's take a little time. And I think the corollary there, Erik, would be that we had a pickup in client device, and it was literally across our end markets. And so we would have said that, that was a catalyst that was out there, and that was a catalyst that started to see some free up, call it modest but some free up of spend in that regard because despite it being a catalyst kind of been held back before, it really was the lowest friction choice for customers. And so that's how the quarter played out. 
Albert Miralles: Yes, Erik, a couple of things. So look, from just working from the -- from a customer spend perspective, we're calling for low single digits plus our typical premium. So that's come off a bit. And if it were coming off in a category, that would probably be substantially from a solutions perspective. That is the slow start that we experienced in Q1. We're not suggesting we're going to make that up. So that comes off the top. And then that's basically just kind of works its way down to GP. We're getting an earlier start to client device, at least for the first quarter than maybe we would have anticipated.  So while that doesn't help from a gross margin perspective, it certainly does help from a gross profit perspective, right, because you're getting the volume. And I think if you look down our P&L for the quarter, you'd see the delta on net sales was closer because we saw more from a client device perspective. So there are some puts and takes within that. But I'd say, we're in the range of -- with solutions being a little lighter, client being a little stronger and frankly, continued durability of netted-down revenues, there's not much of a change there on the gross margin front. 
Albert Miralles: Yes, David, I'll take this. Look, I think TBD, to some extent, right, we're going to see how pricing plays out. What I would tell you is in current context, we're not seeing much in the way of ASP changes. I'd say prices broadly, including on the client device front, held pretty firm. So our growth during the quarter was largely units. Certainly, there is plenty of buzz out there that as we start to see AI PCs and other AI categories emerge that you could see price increases. But I'm not sure that we're fully prepared to kind of call on what that would look like. Just remember for us, look, we're going to work closely with our customers as we are now, and we'll continue to in terms of how do you navigate that landscape, how do we help them get in front of it to the extent that they can. But also remember that for us in terms of kind of impacts, any lift there on the ASPs may lift the top line but we're largely still very much a cost-plus provider, so you may not see significant movement from a gross margin perspective. 
Albert Miralles: As we understand it now, and what the new product generations would look like, I think that's true. 
Christine Leahy: Yes. Let me start on that one. I think what we're seeing now is we talked about the macro environment and the added complexity now of AI as a consideration and as our customers this year are continuing on that kind of pause in deliberation added to it the AI factor, if you will. They are also faced with the need to refresh client devices. And so I tell you what I think we're seeing is a need to go ahead and spend budget on things that they really can't hold off on any more. They'd like to -- they have old devices. They'd like to get over to the new operating system. They want to make sure the devices are available as demand will start to pick up and there's some switching of the budget over to the devices right now. I think that's a behavior we certainly are seeing. In terms of the trend as we go through the year, I'll let Al speak to the outlook and our expectation regarding the outlook. 
Christine Leahy: Amit, it's Chris. I think what we're seeing with storage right now are a confluence of 2 things. One, we had a number of customers who are investing in networking and implementing networking over the last few years and storage is kind of coming -- storage kind of what's the next investment, if you will. So we're seeing positive results there. The other thing is we've got some new exciting products out in the market, and that's always appealing to our customers. So that's really what I think is driving the storage growth in this period. 
Christine Leahy: Yes. On federal, I'd tell you that the federal budget delay, which was about -- pushes things out by about 6 to 8 weeks, creates a pretty much a complete pause. But once the budget was implemented, then the trickle-down effect starts to happen and the money is making its way to the agencies. We have seen, I'll call it, very strong activity in both projects and programs that were ready to go, and that's been a positive and very strong activity and those that will take a little while to get through the pipeline. So what I would say, Matt, is as we think about seasonality back to the full year landing more on what you'd see as a federal seasonal year with it being more back-end loaded. And remember, sometimes when you get pushed out by a quarter or so in terms of the government decision-making, oftentimes, you just need to get the PON by the end of the year. So it's possible we see some of it pushed even into the following year that January sometimes happens. But what I would just tell you is, we knew it was coming. We've been working with the customers, poised to start moving the orders, and I feel quite good around federal playing out seasonally for the year. 
Christine Leahy: Matt, I would say it's still early. And when we look at the units that we're selling now, really minimally AI PCs. They're the Win 11 and Apple next generation. And the impetus is really threefold. It's just refresh aging machines get to Win 11, frankly. And it's also an interest in getting ahead of any increasing demand. We are finding customers having longer memories when it comes to the pandemic and remembering that sometimes just in time doesn't work because you got to stay ahead of the supply. So that's also been a factor in the positive signs that we're seeing. I'd also say, look, I mentioned it before, it's a low-friction purchase and it's kind of no regrets. When you put together aging machines, the need for Win 11 with that kind of stable landscape, customers are just starting to move forward.  The AI PCs will come. There is interest. There's a lot of talk with customers, a lot of talk around which personas are they best going to be used for. But right now, what we're -- what our partners are providing have ample compute power to handle the AI that is in current form. 
Christine Leahy: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. Let me just start with where you ended. And I would say, as we've suggested, the macro overhang really is the predominant factor in the extended and elongated sales cycles. What we're not seeing is we're not seeing cancellations. We're seeing just more deliberation and greater time and more involvement, frankly, by more business unit constituents in the decision-making process. And as I said, the AI consideration is a real thing. It's a bit of a pause. How do we think about this over the long term? As you know, the progress, the speed with which AI functionality is moving is really fast and they're taking that into consideration.  But I would say that the -- it feels very similar to 2023. And as Al mentioned, I mean, this quarter, we created more uncertainty in some ways than we saw in certain quarters last year. So it's not that dissimilar. And it really does have to do across what I'll call, complex solution sets. Remember, we don't really have customers buying point products per se. We are seeing in some areas of server, for example, refresh. We're just at the point where customers need to refresh, and we're figuring out how to do that or potentially starting to move some things to cloud. But I would just characterize it very similar to the trend from last year. 
Christine Leahy: Yes. And I would just add that the durable categories we've seen over the last several quarters are security and cloud. 
Christine Leahy: Thank you. And let me close by reemphasizing my confidence in this team, our strategy and the durability of our resilient business model. Thank you to our CDW coworkers across the globe for your unwavering commitment to our customers. Thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to help you achieve your goals. And thank you to those listening for your time and continued interest in CDW. Al and I look forward to talking to you next quarter. 
