Thomas E. Richards: Good morning, everybody. It's a pleasure to be with you today. Joining me in the room today are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our newly minted Chief Revenue Officer; and Sari Macrie, our VP of Investor Relations. I'll begin today's call with a brief overview of our results and key drivers. Ann will take you through a more detailed results review of the financials. Then we'll go right to your questions. But before we begin, Sari will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Thomas E. Richards: The short answer is yes. As I alluded to, we started to see kind of the continuation of the momentum, Matt, we saw in the first quarter relative to, not only client devices but solutions growth and you saw that reflected in our performance. Those are the more longer tail projects that take a little more time. So we are continuing to see momentum in corporate.
Thomas E. Richards: No, Matt, it wasn't. It's amazingly consistent with the last time we had a strong client refresh, if you look back I think it was in 2014, it's the same phenomenon when you have customers going through strong refresh. Those products typically have lower margins. And so when you get that kind of exponential growth, it tends to just put the pressure on. So it was just a function of what customers want to be doing at this particular time.
Thomas E. Richards: Good morning, Amit. Yeah, it was. It's funny we just talked about that this morning. It's amazing that we had that kind of growth rate on top of, not that strong but pretty strong in quarter last year. I would say a couple of different things. One is, it's about the refresh cycle time. If you think about it, 2014 was Windows XP expiration timeframe that drove a lot of refresh. We are now three or four years into it. So it's about the cycle. The second behavior we're seeing is – a little bit of an interesting perspective is that some customers are moving ahead with Win 10, As we've talked about, I think the word I've used is a general breeze that continued. But we also have some customers who are kind of loading up on 7, so to speak. And so I think those two things. I think the third thing is – and this is amazing performance by the K-12 team. If you look at their comp last year and specially client devices, the fact that they were able to continue to grow and Chromebooks continue to be a strong driver, those things kind of drove that part of the client refresh. And at this point, Amit, it looks like it's going to continue through the better part of the year. One more thing, the other thing driving it was those big federal client orders that didn't get booked or shipped at the end of last year are kind of coming to the system now.
Thomas E. Richards: Look, I would say it's not much lower market share. I think the opportunity is great though. I agree with you that's why we made the move. I don't know that I'm going to get into giving guidance on small business. But I will tell you, we're excited about the – like anything else, when you focus on something and it gives you ability to get up every day and think about nothing else other than what small business customers want, and the first half of this year, we saw a lot of client refresh. And we're starting to see momentum in the solutions business. I mean, we feel really good about the decision and the return on that investment as they start to customize the solutions that they deliver to small business, we would expect to continue strong performance.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, look, I think it's a combination of factors. One, clearly, the investment we've made in leveraging the orchestration campaign and telling the story about the capabilities of CDW certainly paid dividends. I think the second thing is, you have now UK being part of the CDW family for better part of a year-and-a-half or two years. So some of the programmatic approaches we take to focusing, sell our productivity, some of the programs you heard me allude to on category penetration and account acquisition, a lot of those things contributed to the performance. And the last thing is, as I tried to call out, the combination of both referrals increasing from US nationals and the success of the international sales team inside of UK selling capabilities outside of UK, all of those kind of came to a confluence, if you will, and produced that kind of performance in the quarter.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, look, we have some things that give some optimism. You've got the new processor that's coming online at the end of the year. I think there is some anticipation for that, especially in a couple of segments like our financial vertical. So that gives you some excitement there. And hyperconverged and converged in general to me just makes so much sense for customers relative to giving them the density, and yet at the same time, giving them the on-prem control that some of them want for certain workload. So I think I would be shocked if we don't continue to see the hyperconverged and converged infrastructure grow. I would be surprised if Infrastructure as a Service doesn't continue to grow. And I think, what I'll call the traditional server business, it'd be hard because it's been somewhat, I'll use my favorite economic term, lumpy, where we have some strong quarters, where we make some meaningful sales. I think you should expect to kind of continue with that kind of performance in light of what's going on with hyperconverged.
Thomas E. Richards: I would say it feels normal at this point. We won't have the overhang, that'd be the wrong word, the supported growth from the client devices as strong as we've had as we move through the year. But our federal guys are not saying anything unusual about the normal buying cycles of the federal government, which typically for us ends up being a pretty strong third quarter. But we have seen some things happen lately in the last couple of years, where as you sell more solutions, they tend to spill over into later quarters. Now, Ann, if there's anything else you want to add?.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, well, as you heard, we've had significant growth outside of the UK. And Matt, we haven't really opened any new offices. It was really a function of the existing facilities we have in place, the kind of hub-and-spoke strategy that they have. And it really has just been leveraging, if you will, the international strategy that I alluded to, the orchestration campaign that drove the increased results and the dedicated international sales team, I think, has a lot to do with, like anything else, with us. When we focus on something, we tend to get a return on our investment from a performance standpoint. I would say it was more that than we didn't open up any new offices.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. I don't know that there's a generalization I can make, Shannon, because it does seem to depend on the customer. And if we hadn't had such strong solutions growth, we had a nice solutions quarter at 6%, you could say there was a substitution effect. I don't believe that's the case. I believe it's more of coming to grips with the fact that there's a refresh required on the client devices. We also saw, maybe not as evident in my comments, kind of a strong refresh in the NetComm business. And I think both of those are driven primarily by cycle wishes. It's refresh time. And I don't know, if you look across the board, we really didn't have any product category other than printing, which continues to be an ongoing challenge. Everyone else had really nice growth. So I don't think I saw a substitutionary effect.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, can't (45:18) enough would be the – or the easiest way to describe it feels like to me. It is interesting though. I think one of the new things we're seeing is, more discussion at the front end in the planning process, how do we design security into the solution. And we started to see that trend last year as compared to maybe two years ago, where it was, how do I rectify or how do I enhance the current infrastructure. And that discussion is probably playing out a lot more today than it has. Just because people are saying, look, if we're going to do a refresh cycle, we're going to think about security upfront, therefore, we're going to design it in the solution.
Thomas E. Richards: I would say, the only difference is probably the complexity of the solution if you think about just the general nature of the business. But I would say, we have the same kind of interest level – the question even comes up, for example, when somebody's doing a refresh cycle on client devices, right. Where they're now saying, hey, I want to make sure I'm cognizant of the security capability built into the device. I'm not sure we heard that three or four years ago.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Let me go back to the first one on server. I think one of the reasons, Sherri, is, and we've watched this now, I would say it feels like for the last two or three years, the cyclical nature of the server market with all of the other things that are kind of going on around it, whether it's looking at virtualization. We had a strong virtualization quarter. Looking at Infrastructure as a Service, we had a strong Infrastructure as a Service quarter. Looking at hyperconverged, we had it strong... So I think what you see is people looking at their landscape and saying, look, there are going to be times when I'm going to decide to extend my on-prem server capability because it doesn't make sense to make a change at this point. And what I see, and this is more something that's true in our corporate space, is that doesn't happen every quarter. It's not like every quarter somebody's thinking about doing that, which is why I think you see – if you look at us, even over the last two years, it's been up mid single-digits, down low single-digits, up single-digits. So I wouldn't kind of over-index on the performance this quarter. We're thrilled. Having said that, we have put a lot of resources on focusing on the data center. And I think one of the benefits when you focus on that is you get some improved performance like we saw this quarter. Now, I think that's first part. Second part, obviously, we did see some cost of goods changes in the quarter. And ironically, in some places, we saw cost of goods increases. We also saw cost of goods decreases. Some of that is a function of our scale, some of it is a function of supply shortages, but I think the point I was trying to reinforce is on the whole and on the average, didn't have a meaningful impact on us in the quarter.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Okay. So let me take the first one. It isn't about like new challenges in the marketplace, like it's harder to acquire customers. It was really something that I've been thinking about for almost 18 months. And then, part of it is, I have this kind of personal philosophy that, as a business gets bigger, the way you make sure you execute is you manage smaller. And that means you constantly look at making sure you have more people with eyes and ears to listen to what's going on with sellers, listen to what's going on with customers and then leverage that across the organization. So it really is more just about that approach and philosophy. Look, these results aren't the kind of results that say, oh my gosh, we're trying to solve some kind of problem as much as I just want to make sure we're staying a couple steps ahead. And we're constantly listening and focusing on the front line. That was really what drove the first Chris appointment. And the second Chris appointment was driven by the driver of doing international in the first place was our corporate marketplace. And we've made great progress now in kind of working on the one message platform and you heard the results. So that appointed was, it feels like the right time now to put those two together and expect them to take off. What was the second part? Oh, do we expect increase or do we expect to do M&A? I think, Mark, I'll answer the same way I did at the Investor Day. That is, we think M&A will continue to be part of our future. It'll be looking for specific strategic opportunities versus some kind of general rollup. We think there are some technologies out there where it may be to our advantage to acquire rather than try to build based on speed to market.
Thomas E. Richards: Has nothing do with the management changes. And we've felt like – I think I talked about this, Adam, in the past is that, when you're still – look, GDP as much as it feels a little better now, I don't know what the latest forecast is, like 2.7% or 2.9%, it's still, on the whole and on the average, it's still a relatively slow growth environment. I think when that happens, people compete hard. And so that doesn't feel like it's changed at all. I think the only difference this quarter is, you had this kind of rapid growth of client devices coupled with what has become kind of the normal course so to speak. And this marketplace, which is hyper competitive and you got to grind.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, I would say two things. I don't really know that margin was a sticking point in the quarter. It was just a function of us mixing into client devices. I mean, like I said, if you look back at 2014, Ann and I were doing this the other day, it looks remarkably similar when we have this big client refresh cycle. The second point though I think is a point that we've made, I think, consistently since the IPO, in our business model, the thing we really concentrated on is adjusted EBITDA, and that is a percent of sales. Because it is really that part of the business that is the variable compensation structure. So, when you think about what happens, like in this quarter and you have transactional business growing at 10% (54:14), you have solutions growing at 6% (54:15), you're going to tend to see some leverage come out of your sales compensation because those transaction sales don't include a technical resource from a compensation perspective. And we really focus in on that. It's kind of under the theory, you can't totally control GP, but you can control what goes on in SG&A and that's kind of where we focus. And that yielded some of the benefits you're talking about.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, I don't know that I could get – I mean, the thought of it's going to depend on how much the client refresh continues. At the end of the day, what I would say is don't over think this one. There is just a strong client refresh and we're going to help customers with that. We're not going to walk away from that maybe because clients may not have a strong a margin as solutions. Because over the long run, when we help clients with these kind of problems, they don't forget that.
Thomas E. Richards: Keith, if I could answer that question, I don't know what I'd do next in life. But I would say this, and this was confirmed, we actually have a board member who's in the healthcare industry. Ironically, his description of what people are experiencing was very similar to what we have been telling you, which is the lack of clarity, especially for the major hospitals. Makes it hard because they're not sure about how they're going to reimbursed. We're not sure on how you're going to be reimbursed. You're going to be cautious on spending. And that whole scenario just continues to play out. And I don't know that I have the skills to forecast what's going to happen in Washington and how it's going to impact healthcare. I just know that it's amazingly consistent across our healthcare customers. And the story we hear relative to what it means to how they run their business. I would take that's the one thing that I think keeps coming home. The IT spend or the IT issues are a direct derivative of the overall management of the healthcare institution and facility. And so it gets impacted just like everything else. And I think that's what we're hearing time and time and time again.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, yeah. Look, we're always concerned whether there are shortages. I'm hopeful we can continue to take advantage of our scale and buying behavior to mitigate those. But I don't know that I would guarantee that to anybody.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Thanks, everybody, as always for your time and your attentiveness and your questions. You've heard me say this before. I find your questions very helpful in making sure we're thinking about the right things. So thank you. And I just want to squelch a rumor. It's not true that you have to be named Chris to advance here at CDW. So I want to make sure my team hears that. Okay. Thanks, everybody. Have a great summer. See you offline.
