Christine A. Leahy: Thank you, Shannon and good morning everyone. It’s a pleasure to be with you. Joining me in the room today are Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer and Brittany Smith, our VP, Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis. I will begin with an overview of the full year and fourth quarter financial and strategic performance and share some thoughts on 2020, then Collin will take you through a more detailed look at the results, capital strategy, and priorities and targets. We will move quickly through our prepared remarks to ensure we have plenty of time for Q&A. But before we begin, Brittany will present the company’s Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Christine A. Leahy: Good morning Matt it is Chris. Customers have returned the corner in 2019. Customers were clear that IT continues to be a priority. So we saw some good momentum and they're buying in our business. They continue to hire, they're continuing to focus on investing in IT. So that felt good coming out of the year. The downtick is you know based on what we see in front of us. We've got GDP forecasts that have come down, we've got uncertainties out there I tick through those wild cards in our prepared remarks. And so when we take a look at what's out there that's how we think about it. We also frankly from an IT growth perspective take a look at a wide variety of data both internal data that's proprietary as well as external factors and try to land on a solid expectation for the upcoming year. In terms of our premium you know us, we're always going to be focused on outgrowing the market by that 200 to 300 basis points but we're confident this year in guiding slightly above that 300 because we feel good that the census work that we're doing will contribute and will offset some of the client moderating growth that we expect to see. 
Christine A. Leahy: Well, as we anticipated last year we expected client device to grow but at a moderated rate because we've got a couple of years of strong, strong growth from refresh. We have at the end of service that's already happened now in January and our expectation was that we'd see some growth in the first half of the year because based on past experience when there was end of service you'd still get some flow through into the quarter or a little bit beyond. There are some more wildcards out there. Right now you look at Coronavirus for example and it's too early to tell how that's going to impact but that could impact supply chain and add to some delays. We are still looking at Intel shortages. Of course we leverage our competitive advantages to take inventory but there are a couple more factors now that we weren't looking at six months ago that make it more difficult to understand where those client purchases will be taking place throughout the course of the year.
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah, hi Amit. Let me let me back up and get that right. So we're looking at -- there are two components, 2.5% to 3% is what we expect the U.S. IT market rate of growth to be and we're saying that our typical target, our premium above that 200 to 300 basis point you should expect us to come in slightly higher than that 300 basis points as a premium over it. It is not a premium plus additional debts, does that make sense.
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah. And thanks for the question. Elephant size I don't know how big that that means but I would say this, look you know that we are actively looking for potential companies that can supplement our solutions and services capabilities. And we're looking at different kinds of organizations, small tuckins frankly can be more simple to do and very easy to gain traction quickly. Larger organizations we need to think about a lot of factors including the ease of integration and the way that we can operationally bring onboard a large organization. You know the filters that we look at, we look at is it strategic fit for our customers that's first and foremost, is it going to create more relevance to our customers. We don't get that through that filter, we don't get even further than that. Operational alignment is the second one and then obviously cultural fit and financial return.  I will tell you on cultural fit when I think about Kelway several years ago and Scalar and Aptris the cultural fit in those firms has been really terrific. And I think that's been a very large portion of why we've been successful, the teams have done a great job integrating and becoming CDW one company and going to market as a seamless team to our customers who have really appreciated that. And that actually feeds the ability to leverage our solutions capabilities across the whole of the organization. In terms of a larger company. If we find one that makes sense and ticks through all those levers we absolutely would take a look.
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah, it's Chris. On education, we're just under a little pressure right now. We've seen ASPs declining a bit and also the Chromebook space has been the one that has been most constrained when it came to supply opportunities, the supply availability this past year. And availability simply if it was out there, we could get it. So we do expect to continue to see into 2020 those same pressures on the business. The other thing that's happened is Google's extension of its auto update expiration, which is simply the equivalent of end of service. They've extended it a year, so that alleviated what I'll call the urgency of customers to refresh and upgrade. But that will be an opportunity when the year expires next year. Well K-12 we still consider to be a growth area for us. And the teams are really focused on specific solutions that they can bundle and bring to those customers that have to do with things like modern classrooms that are more collaborative and learning environments that are modular, etc. So we feel good about K-12 in the long term. 
Christine A. Leahy: Hi, Matt. Yeah, thanks for the question. The answer is no. We haven't seen a lot of change over the last couple of years in client behavior as a result of BREXIT and the uncertainty surrounding that. We've tried to comment on that regularly with you. I think that's just great execution and performance by the team and a number of solutions, projects coming to fruition. We also have, if you recall, a Netherlands entity. And so customers are comfortable using that in the regular course of business. When I look at the UK business, the nice thing is the balance that we've seen in growth in both their UK local business as well as referral business, meaning U.S. to UK business and also collectively UK and U.S. customers doing business outside of those regions. So call it widely international. All of that is on a good growth trajectory and we're really excited to see that because you know, that reflects the power of the thesis going into the combination and it's working. 
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah, I think of it this way. As I said, customers are still prioritizing IT investments. And, they had different priorities. Sometimes it's clients, sometimes it's the data center, depending on where they're focused in their business and what they're trying to accomplish. Looking forward, we expect to see a benefit of that investment. And the key thing is that when it comes to these solutions projects they are lumpy. And I keep saying we're going to find another word, but that really is the best word. I mean, if you think about 2019, we had some lumpiness throughout the quarters and we just saw a number of deals come to fruition and you saw a nice healthy Q4. You got to expect that going forward just because of the timing and also the mix, which is a big part of that whether it's hardware, software, or services. The more software component, the more muted the top line.  So, again, customers are focused on using technology to drive strategic outcomes in their business and they're focused on securely running their "utility IT" and we've got the full portfolio to help them do that. 
Christine A. Leahy: Thank you. Yeah, sure. Thanks very much for the question. We'll all start with a simple reason. Know when we think about forward looking, we're really focused on scaling sustainable growth. So this is about focus for growth. And in particular, when we think about our customers or partners in products and the channels and platforms that we use to sell and the technology and digital capabilities that underpin those. The connective tissue between them is becoming more and more important. So this role is really intended to help align and focus our efforts and investments around driving that connectivity there. When you take a step back, PTW has historically delivered meaningful, profitable growth and we've done that through continual innovation and continual investment, disciplined investment and focus on investing where the growth is. So when I think about growth and innovation and bringing that team together, it's just another natural step in the way that we think about growth in the future. 
Christine A. Leahy: Yes, Katy, it's Chris. If you go back to the 2012 and 2016 elections, what we did see is we did see a deceleration in IT spend, IT growth. So that's why we call out as a wildcard U.S. election this year, because, the uncertainty leading into it could cause some deceleration. That came in those two years in the back half of the year. 
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah, thanks for the question. I think you see it up and down wherever in various line items in that P&L. So, for example, we're investing in people, investing in technologies, solution architects, delivery engineers. We're also investing in technology and digital capabilities to enable our sales organization and to enable our coworkers to deliver to our customers to create an experience for our customer that becomes more seamless and useful to the sales process. So we're investing in a number of different areas, as we always do at CDW in terms of the impact on our profitability. Look, we I don't think you'd see anything different, but we're always outperforming the market allows us to deliver on our commitments to shareholders, but also reinvest in the business. And that's pretty that's very important for the future growth of the organization. When I think about scaling for sustainable growth It's not just about performing for today, but it's also about laying the foundation for growth against our growth model in the future. And that's where we're investing today and tomorrow. 
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah. Hi, Keith. My sense, having talked with customers and feedback from our sales organizations is we didn't hear a lot of chatter about onetime increases in budgets to refresh client. It's really a natural process of their IT investment cycles.
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah. No, I wish I had an answer to that, Keith. I just don't, it's too early in the process right now. And what I can say is that we're working very closely with our OEMs right now to get a better understanding. But we don't have visibility to that. I think our vendors are still trying to figure that out. And it all depends on how long it lasts, what alternatives they have. But we'll just do the best that we can to ensure that we take care of our customers and till the extended inventory is available we'll leverage our competitive advantages and take that. But I just it's hard to know at this point in time. I don't want to project out into the future. 
Christine A. Leahy: Thank you, Shannon. I'd like to recognize the hard work of our almost 10,000 coworkers around the globe and their ongoing dedication to serving our customers. They are the reason we had such exceptional performance in 2019 and we will continue to outperform the IT market going forward. Thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to help you achieve your goals. And thank you for your time today and continued interest in CDW. Colin and I look forward to talking to you next quarter. Take care. 
Collin B. Kebo: Yeah Amit, we would expect more contribution from the census in let's say the first half or first three quarters of the year. As I said in my prepared comments we expect it to wind down by the time we get to the fourth quarter.
Collin B. Kebo: Yeah Amit. So we ended the year at 2.2 times. In my prepared comments I did say that we again intend to return more than 100% of free cash flow to shareholders. Obviously we're mindful that we're sub 2.5 to 3 times target.
Collin B. Kebo: Adam I don't normally think of sequential EPS quarter-to-quarter. What I did say though in my prepared comments is that we do expect the first half of the year EPS to be stronger than the full year. Some of that is due to a sense of timing and some of that is due to the extra day we have in the first quarter.
Collin B. Kebo: Thanks for the question Ruplu. Yeah. You know, there are a lot of things that impact our operating margins starting at the gross margin. There's the mix of items that we sell, which you're referencing. There are commoditization headwinds and market mix. So there are a whole series of mixes that move in and out. As we mix into solutions that does put upward pressure on our gross margin. But we do have a higher cost to serve associated with solutions. So the flow through to the operating margin might not be as great or I think the operating margin might be closer in line to the transactional side of the business. I think the big wildcard here is how strong hardware is as we go forward. This narrative that our margins are going to float up over time has been out there for several years. And I think a lot of that was -- had an assumption that hardware growth was going to slow down and not be as robust. And clearly, we've been through a pretty heavy cycle here of three years where that hasn't been the case and you haven't seen as much upward movement on the operating margin as you might expect, notwithstanding all the success we've had in cloud and solutions and netted down items. So I think if we were to go through an extended period of time, multiple quarters or years where we saw that play out, I think we would revisit it at that point in time at our Analyst Day a few years ago. We took our margin target up a little bit as a result of that trend. But again, I think we'd want to see more sustainability of the strength of netted down items relative to where hardware is. 
Collin B. Kebo: No, I would say no real offsets. We do have some pretty meaningful overlaps in the back half of the prior year. So I think that's also informing us. 
Collin B. Kebo: Paul, I would just add, the investment is both in the OPEX and the CAPEX line. The majority of our normal CAPEX goes against our IT infrastructure. And then in your question, are we under earning, I guess similar to that is, are we overinvesting and I would say no. We feel like we have the right balance between investment back into the business that allows us to continue to create differentiation in the marketplace that enables the sustainable outperformance versus the market. So could we pull back on investment in the short term? Yeah, absolutely, with the margin pulled up, yes. But I think that 200 to 300 basis point premium that we've consistently been able to deliver over time, you would see that get shipped away. So we think we have the right balance between investing in the business and growth in margin. 
Collin B. Kebo: Yeah Keith, again just as we think about how we manage our own business, our CIO sure didn't get incremental budget to get us upgraded to Win 7. And, I think it's part of what a customer goes through every year is determining what their priorities are and addressing those priorities within the context of their budget. 
