Chris Leahy: Good morning, Adam. Thanks for the question. And you know, we're in a little bit of a quiet period here as we go through the various regulatory approvals. That said, one of the areas that we focused very quickly was feedback, and I would just tell you, it's been really, really positive on both fronts. So our customers at CDW are delighted about the acquisition, and really looking forward to the combined entity and the capabilities that they helped bolster CDW, given their reputation in the market and the quality of their services and the reciprocal is true as well. I talked to Joe Martin late in the day of the announcement, and he had made his way through a lot of customers as had their front-line sellers, and it was for the most part all positive. So again, we think that -- I said the word before, a home-run deal and we're going to make it work really well, and our customers seem to be excited, our partners equally are thrilled. It 's exactly what they were looking for us to do and they are thrilled.
Chris Leahy: Well, you know, look, they're doing just fine and there are customers like us in areas like Federal, which we talked about today, or enterprise customers. And as you know, that can be a lumpy business. So when we did our diligence and looked at the pipeline and the types of programs they're running with customers they were having a similar impact that we were having with regard to our larger customers. Some things being delayed, some things being planned yet not -- not yet rolled out necessarily, particularly in terms of delays in going back to the office, etc. But I would tell you that we feel very confident, Adam, in the health of the business, in the prospects of the business in the pipeline for the business and in the opportunities for Sirius and CDW, the combined entity.
Chris Leahy: Yeah, I understand. And we'll share more with our -- about our planning next year as we think about it. Look, it feels like the perspective out there is maybe a little worse than transitory. And so we will just keep our eye on the economy and how this could impact in particular different segments of our business. For example, when you think about small business, they are really doing a terrific job right now, but we're keeping a very close eye on that segment of the market to understand how the economy might be impacting them, where their optimism is, their ability to hire, etc. So as we always do, we'll keep an eye on it. It feels a little worse than transitory but again, we think that technology is an A1 priority, and our customers will continue to invest in technology if in fact, it becomes a little more extent that we think they'll keep the priority there. And look, if we can keep the economy coming out of the pandemic with the momentum we seem to be building and positive nature in the economy, we're feeling pretty good.
Chris Leahy: Good morning Rupplu and thanks for reminding the team of the great performance, they will appreciate that. Look, you know, we called this out earlier in the year and I mentioned it again, in our prepared -- my prepared remarks. But it's really been unseasonal and we expected to see the first half of this year be quite [Indiscernible] we're lapping a big back half of the year, that we would expect to still continue to see, I'll call it solid performance, and it's a bit unseasonal because it's the end of the year. But if we need to [Indiscernible] in our view, and it's going to be -- it'll be difficult to overcome the level of growth that we saw last year. That said Rupplu, if the stimulus funding, for example the emergency connectivity [Indiscernible] is yet another source of funds for education institutions to be able to fortify their classrooms since hybrid environment. The one thing with that funding is schools are able to use it for orders that are placed that we're working our way through.  What of that money relates to orders that have been placed? We're confident that there is a large portion that are additive to the base. And again, the team, as they always do, has done a phenomenal job helping our k-12 customers work through that funding. So as you've heard me say before, I feel very confident in education over the long term. It is a growth area. The education market has inflection points and we have always been ahead of those inflection points. Whether it's how the classroom itself changes, whether it's going to hybrid, whatever those are, we are usually there and I'll tell you, Amplified IT, which we just added is taking us to yet another [Indiscernible] level with their cloud-enabled capabilities and their IT developed technology that they offer for classrooms. So I'll pass you [Indiscernible] here, but the team is doing very well, a long-term growth area.
Chris Leahy: There's many different segments so let me start. I think where -- you were going there. Yeah, It's complicated, right. We've got the supply ecosystem that is -- it has some impact to it right now so we're trying to manage through all of that. Here's what I'd say about K-through-12. You know, we have a lot of experience understanding funding, stimulus funding, and other types of funding for educational institutions. So we sit side-by-side with our customers to make sure they understand both where the dollars can be used, for what products in particular, or for what outcomes, because sometimes it's outcome-based? And what the deadlines are, and what those deadlines mean? Do you have to have the product in-house, do you have to have the product order placed? So there's a lot of navigating that's going on, and I feel highly confident that the team is doing a phenomenal job with our customers and that our K-12 customers are not going to lose out on any funding.  That's really clear. in the state and local space where we've got stimulus funding coming down. It's been a bit complicated because the funding packages, there were 3 of them as we've talked about before, the CARES Act package, for example, had a deadline at the end of this coming year, that was for March of last year. The end of last year, it was -- there was nothing for state and locals in the stimulus package. And then this March, there was a hefty amount. But as we all know when it comes to state and local, it's about budget cycles and it's about funding deadline. So the spending that's taken place in 2021, is primarily from the CARES package with a deadline this year. What we're seeing now is -- I don't want to call it slowing down, but I'm going to say a moderating and planning, and state and local governments now have that funding where they don't have to spend it till the end of 2024.  And so they are now looking at a multiyear approach. Pretty unusual, this multiyear approach but that's what they're doing. And we're helping them with it, there's a lot of complexity. It's very solutions based in my view in terms of what customers are trying to do, but we don't really expect that to meaningfully come to fruition until early next year. But there's just a lot of tentacles and they're all different based on the stimulus package, and on the actual market that we're talking to. But again, I would just reiterate that this is something we do. It's frankly a core capability like working with partners. It's a core capability to understand in the federal, state and local, education, healthcare spaces where the funding is, what it means, what the deadlines are, and how to use it and then to basically walk our customers through it. But I know that was a long answer. I hope it was helpful.
Chris Leahy: Yeah Matt. Great question. We've been asking ourselves that as well and talking to customers about it, given the kind of pervasive and persistent nature of the supply chain and the fact that It continues to extend. I would say -- I would characterize it this way, customers are rethinking and considering accelerating some movements to cloud and potentially re - architecting some of their solutions and more -- in a public cloud like environment versus, for example, on prem cloud. But what I wouldn't -- what I wouldn't characterize it as is just a wholesale shift. Customers are still very strategic in how they think about both flexibility obviously and scalability but also cost. And if you combine all of those things together, they're still looking for the absolute best solution and therefore, not just doing the wholesale shift. So I guess the answer would be, we are having this conversations. We're seeing some decisions made around accelerating to public cloud, but I wouldn't say that it's [Indiscernible] and wholesale, if that helps.
Chris Leahy: Well, look, I wouldn't say that, I've seen necessarily early adoption just yet, but as is always the case, there will be early adopters and there will be later adopters. And they will be our customers, so we'll help them through that. You all are familiar with the end of life for Win 10 and then the timing for Win 11 around the 2024, 20-25 time period. So it will be a driver, it's not been a driver yet. I think PCs generally, you've heard me say, I continue to believe in PC s. I think that we have more PC density now we're going to see sort of replacement cycles of PCs for a couple of reasons. Wear and tear, but also the technology improves at a faster pace and client devices are more and more important to the productivity of the people using them. You also have used cases that are expanding. And the hybrid work model obviously is really driving PCs. And so we will -- we feel good about PC growth and win 11 will certainly be a driver of that at some point over probably a couple of year period.
Chris Leahy: Yeah, sure. Here's what I would say about the current environment. We're watching it, as is everybody, and we're cautious about it. And we put it in the category of wildcard because I don't know that anybody knows what's going to happen, but we all also know there has been more momentum around that vaccination availability at lower ages, antivirals, the rate of vaccine, particularly when we think of our location [Indiscernible]. We're thinking and investing for getting back to a robust environment and economy, and we're thinking forward. So I think a little bit unlike going into last year's winter months where there -- the cautiousness I would say was on a really high level. We're just feeling customers saying, we've got to invest. And so until early next year or work from [Indiscernible] that is I would say ubiquitous. So we -- in 2020, we talked about the uneven [Indiscernible] certain industries, etc. I just feel like the tone has really changed to the platform of "We got to get back. We got to get back. We got to build for the future. " So that's what we're seeing.
Chris Leahy: Yeah. Good morning, a great question and I think it really depends frequently on the customer set. Small businesses have always been more nimble and less tied to particular requirements, and we have seen success there. And I think in my prepared remarks, supply chain constraints didn't impact them as much as in corporate because we could help them find alternatives. When you really don't want to shift off of them, it creates more work, frankly, within the organization. What we've [Indiscernible] We have worked with our customers to get in-line earlier. So a lot of customers are -- have been working very hard [Indiscernible] you typically would in hope s that they will get the product by year end. All that said, anywhere that there are I'll say mission less than mission-critical, by technologies that we can help them find alternatives. Whether it's a brand, whether it is the Cloud, whether it's something else that they can be using, you can bet we're doing it. But you're absolutely right, there's going to be a lot of pressure as we go into the back end of the year to get that product out. And we expect we'll be able to help them do it.
Chris Leahy: Well, here's -- I said this before, you get this kind of supply chain ecosystem. And so you've got -- you have capacity, you got components, you got logistics, you got labor, you've got all of this impacting the ability to get product. And it has kind of shifted through the course of the year. What we've had on the transactional side, notebook and video and monitors and things like that, that have been constrained. Chromebook have started to ease up a little. That's planning a good 13 months ago to get -- get to that point by the OEM. What we saw [Indiscernible] this year in the past quarter and a little before was solutions product now being more constrained. And we mentioned Netcom in particular and storage in particular. So that is a problem when things are moving around, particularly when what customers need are comprehensive and holistic solutions, not just piece [Indiscernible]. So whack-a-mole is a good word for -- or a good term for it.
Chris Leahy: Bethany, Thank you. I want to recognize the incredible dedication of our co-workers around the globe and [Indiscernible] all of CDW stakeholders. And thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to serve you. And to our investors and analysts [Indiscernible] attending this call, we appreciate you and your continued interest in and support of CDW, and we look forward to talking with you again next quarter. Have a good day.
Al Miralles: Yeah. Good morning Shannon. This is Al. So a couple of things that I would note. So going in in the quarter, we maybe would have expected that there would be a bit of a kind of a modest view of backlog. I'd say overall for the quarter was a bit more than modest. And let's call it, in terms of just all characteristics, similar to Q2. A couple of variants or components that maybe looked a little different, and I think Chris touched on this in your prepared remarks, is that we saw a bit more of an effect from a solutions perspective and that would have included notably Netcom and storage. Notwithstanding that similar to Q2. And look, I would just note the -- all things considered, the team did an exceptional job navigating through that and delivering on the results.
Al Miralles: We are not. I would just note the look. I think there's component in the backlog that there's likely some pull-forward, right? It's been a tenuous environment and so there are customers that I think probably have a perspective that knowing that this doesn't have an clear end date. [Indiscernible] maybe get in front of some of their projects, and so there's probably component that's pulled forward. We're not feeling the effects, or seeing the effects of either double bookings.
Al Miralles: Yes. Sure. And thanks for the question, Rupplu. So I think you just hit it at the end there. Look, there are -- there are lots of puts and takes in any given quarter, and I will just start, if you just put aside the supply chain environment, right? Mix does really matter. So if we think about components, what's transactional, what solutional from a mix perspective that matters, channel mix matters, all those things have an impact, I'll say to start on your gross margin and obviously then the kinda, the dropdown from an operating margin perspective. So let's just keep that in mind. And again, kind of supply chain will matter as well. In the case of this particular quarter and maybe as an example.  So there -- in terms of mix there, that is a little bit less public mix from a channel perspective. And then you have got -- you've got transactional solution [Indiscernible]. And then very notably Rupplu, I will just note the fact that your 100% gross margin items will have an impact in this quarter. Our 100% gross margin items grew faster than our net sales. So that's going to have an impact as well. And so again, all of that steeped in focus on gross margin. Then finally, if we walk that down operating margin, it 's been just a matter of the -- at what pace are -- is our non-GAAP [Indiscernible] SG&A spend happening. In the case of this quarter, I would say our non-GAAP SG&A spend lagged some of that growth in gross profit, and so we dropped more to the operating margin for the quarter.  And when you look to our outlook relative to what that operating margin was for this quarter, we're up and it's going to balance this back up to a high 7s on the operating margin. As you look forward, look, I think you've got a good sense for this strategy and the movement in where we're going longer-term in terms of mixing into services and mixing in on a 100% gross margin. But all those mix components will manner as we go forward.
Al Miralles: Sure. Hi, Katie. Good morning. This is Al. Look, we won't quote the exact delta there, but I think it's safe to say that we continue to see strong written demand and that continues to show up and that's part of what bolsters our confidence. Certainly shipments have lagged that. And again, I'll go back to my comment. I would say the mix looks like second quarter did, and that would be consistent across products with the one caveat. That, as we mentioned, Solutions was a little bit stronger, a little worse than it was in Q2.
Al Miralles: Sure. So first on the Sirius acquisition, I think we mentioned on the previous call, we have committed financing in place. So we expect that we are going to finance the acquisitions fully. From a cash balance perspective, I think Katy, if you compare it to where we were at the end of the year and maybe a year ago, certainly we would look lower. And a couple of things there. 1. We had debt refinancing or financing, I should say, in 2021. So that bolstered that cash position. And then notably for 2021, we've used a fair amount of cash for the existing acquisitions we've had, as well as share repurchases. So I think the combination of where we sit from a cash balance and our revolver availability perspective, we feel quite good with where we stand. And then we feel quite good about our ability to create and generate free cash flow in 2022.
Al Miralles: So look, in fourth-quarter, we'll get more guidance with respect to what that looks like for 2022 and reflective of our combination with Sirius, right? So but let me focus my comments on fourth quarter. I would say the non-GAAP SG&A spend is just an unevenness or a timing effect of that spend. in Q3. That probably lagged a bit in Q4. We'd expect that to pick up. There's probably a component there, as we think about the Sirius combination, we're thinking more broadly about what that combination looks like, and how does that ultimately impact our investment spend. That being said, we're going to continue forward in Q4 with the efforts that we've been focused on, notably our own digital transformation, as well as to continue invest in the high-growth Solutions and Services areas.
