Thomas E. Richards: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss CDW's fourth quarter and full year 2017 results. With me on the call are Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our Chief Revenue Officer; and Sari Macrie, our VP, Investor Relations. I'll begin with an overview of full year and fourth quarter results and their drivers. Chris will share some thoughts on the performance of our sales organizations, and then I'll provide thoughts on our strategic progress and expectations for 2018 and 2019. I'll hand it over to Collin who will take you through a more detailed review of the financials, including a walkthrough of the expected impact of new taxes and new accounting rules. After that, we'll open it up for some questions. We have a lot to get through today. But before we begin, Sari will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes. Good morning, and thanks for the question. I think that is a fair expectation. That's how we look at it. Ironically, the decision to expand internationally more aggressively was the result of our last three-year cycle of strategy. And after a meaningful forethought about what customers are asking us to do, it continues to be an excellent decision and there's excellent execution. So I think it's fair that that will continue to be a meaningful part of our growth going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I was going to say yes until you said, will it go beyond the 200 to 300 basis points? Because I don't know that we have that kind of long-term predictability. But I think it's fair that we would only invest the money in those areas where we see the highest amount of customer demand and, therefore, opportunity for the ultimate purpose of driving both top line and bottom line growth. And as you've seen in the past, there are periods of time when we exceed our own 200 to 300 basis points of share growth and would like to have more of that going forward, for sure.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes, Matt. I don't know that I would call it a down take from this perspective. I think we've talked a lot about 2017 was very much like 2014 where you had this kind of exponential tailwind of client growth and it drove hardware. And when you have that kind of client growth, it's highly unlikely you're going to repeat it. I think you heard me even talk about this quarter we had, in some categories of client growth, high teens and over 20% in notebooks, just as one example. So I think in my prepared comments, Matt, I said that I think next year we'll return to a more normal balance in the business, which tends to be more of a balance between solutions and transaction, more of a balance between those products that you heard Collin talk about will be impacted by 606. So you're going to have that amplification of a netting down impact, which is true for a company like CDW, but it doesn't necessarily get reflected that way in the general U.S. IT market growth. So we remain pretty optimistic about this year, based on the momentum we're taking into the first quarter and based on some of the investments we made last year, I think it's just sheerly overlapping that big client impact on top line growth.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, look, I'll give you – let me answer the last part of the question first and then I'll tell you a little bit about what happened. Our estimate, and again, it's an estimate, you always have at the end of the quarter a flush that goes through. And in most quarters, the majority of that gets shipped and delivered to customers. So in this quarter, we've kind of estimated the impact to be somewhere around $40 million to $50 million of solutions business that we would have expected would have been shipped and delivered to customers and it didn't. And it was a number of factors, Matt. It was some product issues with a couple of our major partners. It was some supply chain issues with a couple of our partners. And while all of those things we don't control, as you heard me say, we're being very transparent. We think we could have done an even better job of managing around those, but the fact of the matter is it had that kind of impact. And I also said, to keep it in perspective, we do think we're pretty confident that stuff's going to flush through during the first half of the year.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jayson. Look, there is, as you can imagine, kind of an evolving and expanding opportunity with the customers. As they look at everything from building out, what I would describe as holistic security strategy for their business, all the way through the multiple points that you're attempting to protect inside the business, whether it's what I'll call network protection or data management. And the business is expanding to consulting. It's expanding into managed. It's expanding into multiple endpoint kind of capabilities. And so we have continued – if you followed our growth in that category, it's been meaningful and consistent for a long period of time. And we're going to continue to invest in that area and kind of follow our customers.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, the majority of it, I think, would, to use your term, would be flushed out. I think the Win 10 date was extended to the end of January. But from our perspective, the majority is flushed out. And look – what do we have? Do we have a budget tomorrow? Right? So maybe I'll have a different answer after tomorrow, Matt. But the other thing that we have seen, at least in my time at CDW, is after you have a refresh year, then customers begin to shift their focus to other parts of their IT infrastructure, whether it's data center, solutions, cloud, security. And what we'll tend to do, then, is follow our customers. And we would expect to see growth in those areas now that they've kind of taken the Win 10 refresh off the table.
Thomas E. Richards: I'll tell you what we've seen, Matt. And it may be a little early in the cycle. I think, when I talk to my peers, when I've talked to some of our customers, everybody's in the mode of digesting what I'll call the impact of tax reform and then thinking about where they're going to take the money, either returning it to shareholders, investing in coworkers, or investing in their business. And so I still think we're in the process of the money flowing down to budgets. That's why we're kind of cautiously optimistic that that's going to end up – and I've seen a couple of surveys where people say they're going to have budgets at least equal to last year. I think we're all hopeful that it will be more than that. But I haven't quite seen that translate from benefit of tax reform to a literal actual budget expansion and people start to spend it yet.
Thomas E. Richards: No, I think the first is it's kind of simple economics, Adam. The client is a hardware play more so and when you sift into solutions, you're shifting into much more of the netted down businesses. And we saw that happen, if you go all the way back to 2016 I think is a good indicator where you had kind of mid-single digits of client growth, kind of a normal business year for us. And then you had pretty good solutions growth, but a fair amount of that got netted down. If you remember, we've had questions about that netting down that impact during that timeframe. It's quite simply that math.
Thomas E. Richards: So the answer, Adam, is it's focused on customers' fast-growing areas which, if you follow the logic, if it's fast-growing and important to customers, it's going to have both revenue and profit growth, because if it's important to them, then it generally has greater value. So that many of the investments you'll see if you looked at our history, if you think about visualizing victory, it was in areas like cloud computing, services expansion, security, collaboration, and Bold Forward will continue to try to identify over the next three to four years those areas like managed services that might continue to be important to our customers. And if those products and services happen to be 606-ified and therefore netted down, we're still going to pursue them, because it's going to be important to customers and then, therefore, generates meaningful profitable growth for CDW.
Thomas E. Richards: Shannon, I would tell you, look, I just have, quite honestly, a hard time when you talk about high-teens growth in the client business for us for most of the year and it really has been all year. I remember on this call last year collectively you guys saying to me what gave me the confidence we were going to have hardware growth, and it was the kind of knowledge that we were at about a four-year refresh cycle. Look, in some ways, I hope I'm wrong. I'd love to have more client tailwind. I have a tough time seeing it being really a meaningful tailwind in 2018, quite honestly.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes. There is some of that. I mean, I think one of the wild cards that I think has been fairly well-discussed is how will participants use the benefits of tax reform. And I think there's a school of thought that some people are going to just use it to have more competitive pricing in the marketplace. And so I think you have to be cognizant that that could happen out there. We're hopeful that as you get a more balanced approach that you'll have some shift into higher-margin products and services, but you have to offset it with some of the competitive actions in the marketplace.
Thomas E. Richards: I think that's a fair summation, Katy, that we would expect, much like I think I described in the federal government that you're always kind of dealing with, even with tax benefits, a limited budget and people prioritizing what they're going to do based on what's important. And it was clearly a year of a lot of client refresh for a lot of our segments, and we would anticipate that that attention would shift. We're certainly seeing it. If you heard me talk about the momentum we have in hyperconverged and flash and cloud computing and services – or excuse me, security and services, those areas we would expect to continue to be growth areas as we move into 2018.
Thomas E. Richards: That's fair. That's fair. I think some of it's because the information we're getting is things might not clear out until the end of the first quarter, which could kind of slip into the beginning of the second quarter. So we were just trying to be transparent with what we're being told relative to kind of clearing out the stuff that didn't get shipped as expected. And some of it was product based, Katy, which has a little different cycle to it when it comes to getting products tested and released the way they were expected.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes, I don't know that there's anything, Sherri, really more revealing than I think everybody's kind of talked about. We did see some pauses and discussions during the fourth quarter about that. Whether or not that plays out into increased capacity beyond what I alluded to in answering Katy's question, I don't know that I could predict that at this point. I think in general, we feel that the solutions part of our business, in particular, some of the data center stuff, is going to have some incremental growth over 2017, in part because people will be reallocating some of the money they spend on client.
Thomas E. Richards: Hey, Mark. You broke up a little bit. Let me restate what I think you asked just to make sure I answer the question. I would say our look at the year from a kind of trying to estimate growth driven by GDP, looking at IT growth on top of it, that really didn't have anything to do with where we're investing the money, so to speak, in coworkers. It had more to do with taking a look at that data, coupling it with the baseline of a really exponentially strong year in client growth, added on top of that the 606 impact. When you kind of put all those together trying to give some clarity about what we think is going to happen for this year, that's how we got to the number.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Thanks, everybody, as always, for your questions and the attention to CDW. We appreciate it. We feel good about where we finished 2017 from a full year perspective. I think we could have done some things a little better to make what was a pretty good fourth quarter better and look forward to 2018. And as always, I'll leave you with one inspirational comment as you think about Valentine's Day, dilly dilly. All right. Thanks, everybody.
