Al Miralles: Yes, good morning, Matt. Thanks. This is Al. I would say, Matt, at first, just I think you hit it right. We would expect some headwinds on the netcomm front. I'd say underlying demand is solid with some strength in some pockets, but not significantly strong. The bigger headwind there would really be the compares when you look back in 2023 and particularly the first few quarters, the growth in netcomm was between 20% and 40%. So with those types of growth numbers from 2023, we would expect that we'd see declines at least for the next few quarters.
Al Miralles: Sure, I'll take that as well, Matt. I think that's right. For at least the first half, what we're calling for is similar trends, what you've seen the last few quarters, that is continued strength and netted down revenues, specifically cloud and SaaS, and we would not see strength on the hardware side, including PCs. What our outlook calls for is a modest recovery in the back half, and that includes PCs. And look, I'll just add the, while we still believe that there is impetus and catalyst for PCs to return, it becomes just basically a matter of when, not if, we think we're a few quarters off from that.
Al Miralles: Sure. Thanks, Adam. This is Al. Look, I do think that we're in this transitory period, right? We've gone through periods of extremity with the pandemic and with returns that were significant. Obviously, there's been some digestion and quite a bit of mixed shift as we've eased in the post-pandemic period. I would continue to call 2024 a transitory period, right? We are just not seeing the strength or the return to demand on the hardware side of things as customers have essentially decided to ration their spend to items that they believe will optimize their costs, create the greatest ROI, et cetera. That being said, all cycles kind of have their beginning, and we do believe that on the backside of this, there are significant catalysts that will balance things out and include a return to growth on the hardware side. So, I think what you're seeing from our outlook and what you saw in 2023 is something like a transitory period. When we look beyond that and some of the catalysts that we think are on the other side, we believe the returns will look more significant.
Al Miralles: Adam, let me just add one element you hit it on the front end. We take pride in our ability to compound, and you noted about free cash flow. In the environment we've been in, there's a bit of a kind of hunkering down, focus on margin, focus on cash flow. You'll note that we've increased our cash position. We're excited about what's on the horizon from a capital perspective when we think about the cash optionality we have in front of us, and that would certainly include M&A.
Al Miralles: Yes, so, Asiya, on the gross profit front, obviously like Chris said, there is a focus in this environment thinking about customer spend, and that spread between customer spend and net sales has been significant. We also feel confident about the continued trend of items such as netted down revenues, which we think will bolster gross margin. There may be a bit of an evening out on the gross margin front in the back -- the back half, as we see additional mix of hardware start to kick in, but all things considered, I think that the seasonality and the pacing of GP would not be dissimilar what you've seen in historical seasonal trends.
Al Miralles: Yes, I think that is broadly correct on the mixed front in terms of the modest recovery in the back half, and with that, our GP would accelerate through the year.
Al Miralles: Sure. Thanks, and good morning, Amit. Look, if I peel back 2023, three core drivers, the most significant would be the pickup and mix shift, the netted down revenues, and particularly SaaS and cloud. And that was the most significant component. Number two would be that hardware was softer, and therefore that less mix of hardware and particularly PCs benefited us from a mixed perspective. And then three, and we've noted this before, overall product margins were firm in 2023. And so that was a positive contributor to the gross margin story. So if I scroll that forward, which I think is the logical question on it, we expect that the netted down revenue trend is durable and will continue. And particularly, we would know we expect strength in the first half, and then you'll get some balancing out with hardware. Number two, on the hardware front, we are expecting a modest recovery in the back half on hardware, including PCs. So that would have the effective diluting margin somewhat. To be candid, though, we don't believe that that shift in what we're calling modest would significantly move the gross margins. And then finally, on the product margin front, but we studied this closely, and really our assessment at this point would be that product margins are holding firm. And I think that's a reflection of both a competitive environment, but not any rational environment for pricing and margin perspective. And then I've mentioned this before, but there's a trend of, I'll call it richer configurations on the product front, right, customers moving up the value chain. And we do feel like that trend is and will persist. And so really, that's the rationale overall for our outlook on gross margins being substantially similar to 2023, maybe a tick up.
Al Miralles: Yes, sure. So largely, Keith, they would fall in the category of workforce optimization, really two components to that. We did have, as you know, some co-worker events during 2023. And that was really about aligning our fixed cost base and our co-worker count base with the level of the business and activity we were seeing. So that's one, call that more really one-time nature. The other element within that category would be real estate. As you would expect, and you're seeing more broadly, we are and continue to take a hard look at our real estate portfolio, where we are in the hybrid phase, if you will, of our workforce and making sure that we constantly re-rationalize our real estate portfolio. And so there are some charges that are coming through that front.
Al Miralles: Yes, I think that's right. And Samik, look, we will see exactly how this evolves at this point. Like you said, it is a bit more consultative and maybe services oriented, which is not netted down substantially. Chris hit it earlier. This is ultimately a full stack opportunity for us. And that would certainly include hardware. So we think that will be meaningful. As I would contemplate the netted down component that would likely show up and spend associated with cloud and SaaS. So is it conceivable that we would see that come through? Certainly, it just becomes kind of a matter of when and the pacing and track, if you will, for customers and how they ultimately deploy AI.
Al Miralles: Sure, Samik. I'll start and Chris may want to add. As I think as I mentioned, we have not seen an environment that's irrational on the pricing or the margin front. I would say, ASPs have largely held firm. So, looking forward at this point, we wouldn't see any drastic changes. We're not seeing activities from partners or customers that would suggest that we're going to see any sharp movements up or down. So our outlook is based on the presumption that we'd be largely firm here.
Al Miralles: Sure. Thanks, Erik. At this juncture, 80% to 90% is the rule of thumb that we would give you. As you recall, we start the years with a prudent view of what that would look like. And we'll see how the years play out. If you look back at the last two years, we were north of 100% on a non-GAAP net income basis. That reflected, I'd say, strong cash profits, strong and diligent management of our working capital, but also the counter cyclical components, right, as growth softened a bit, if you will. So I would say the other element that I would add for 2024, Erik, is the, we don't know exactly how the year will play out and what the pacing of business would look like. And so we try to give a little bit of space for use of working capital. Our inventory is at very low levels. And you can look at that both on a DIO and just inventory balance dollar basis. And so, look, we just want to take a prudent view out of the gates here that we may be more active users of working capital. And certainly we'll update you as the year progresses. And I would just finally just say that it is and will continue to be high priority for us of continue to drive cash flow, convert profits, and ultimately have the optionality in our capital decisions to deploy it.
Chris Leahy: Yes, and Al, thanks. I would just add, if you take a big step back, Adam, what are our customers facing? They're facing proliferating data. They're facing ever-expanding cyber threats, expanding workloads, hardware obsolescence, the incredible promise of new technologies. And so the landscape that they're facing and the essential nature of technology to every single walk of life is not going away. So as we look forward to those catalysts that Al mentioned, think about digital transformation. That's a durable trend, and it's a continuous process, and many customers have really paused on their investment and evolution in 2023. That's going to come back when uncertainty abates. Network modernization continues to be top of mind, and once that digestion gets through the process, then there's only going to be a need to handle greater network traffic and data, et cetera. Security threats continue to grow, and they're more sophisticated, kind of exclamation point. Client devices are just aging, and even the pre-pandemic devices are coming on four years old, and then we've got Windows 10 sun-setting. You've got all of those things that are catalysts that we're going to see coming down the pike, and then just add AI. Still early innings, use cases not quite proven out yet, but we're seeing incredibly exciting opportunities for the services and execution of adoption around those. So I think we couldn't be more excited about the technology industry generally.
Chris Leahy: Yes, no problem, Adam. Thanks for the question. The vectors you hit would be still consistent with how we're thinking about it, whether geographic expansion, larger acquisitions to bolster capabilities and tuck-ins, which we've been doing. And I would just reiterate, look, M&A is a strategic driver of our value prop and our growth strategy. And you've seen us do 10 acquisitions over the past five years. And those have been very valuable in terms of driving value to our customers. So as we think about where we focus our efforts, driving capabilities and solutions that are high growth and high relevance and in services capabilities, there's a plethora of areas that we could focus, including areas like security and cloud and AI. And so, I would just say, look, at the end of the day, we've said it before, we're always looking, and we've got a number of identified targets in our pipeline, but it also has to be opportunistic. The one thing I would say, Adam, is when you think about the success in evolving our business to be able to deliver the profitability that we did this year with the hardware pressure and the other dynamics happening in the marketplace, that's due to bringing on capabilities that are highly strategic, highly relevant, and then executing against them. So when I think back five years versus now, our cloud business has grown on a compound annual growth basis by 30%, and we did it again in 2023. I look at security, another area that we were very focused on, a maiden acquisition in addition to internal investments, and that business has doubled in three years. So we really are investing behind the most important capabilities, and we're seeing great results as a result.
Chris Leahy: Thanks for the question. I'll start on market share gain. Look, we hold ourselves accountable consistently to deliver 200 to 300 basis points above IT market rate of growth, and we have a track record of doing just that, and we are confident that in 2023 we did gain share. If you look at our net sales versus what customers spend with CDW, we've talked about that delta widening significantly, and we're over seven basis points now, so we're very confident that we've taken share, even in this very cautious and uneven market environment, and that's due to team's excellent execution and the value of our full stack full life cycle portfolio. Al, I'll turn it to you for the gross profit question.
Chris Leahy: Good morning, Amit. And yeah, in terms of priorities, they're consistent with what we said in the prepared remarks. I mean, customers in the commercial space in particular are focused on cost optimization, customer employee experience, and things that revolve around that. There's still a heavy focus on digital transformation, obviously, and security as well. AI, which is where you're getting to, AI is a hyper focus. I think last call, we mentioned that you can't have a conversation with a customer without AI coming up, and it's been very exciting because we've had a data AI practice for several years, and that practice, I would say, we deepened it and we scaled it, particularly when we brought IGNW and Sirius into the CDW family. And currently, I'd say there's burgeoning demand for consultative services in particular, and I'm talking deep technical capabilities as well as industry specific capabilities. And so, we're seeing quite a bit of momentum in our practice there. What I would tell you is that a number of customers are at the front end of their experiences, and we're helping them through use cases and what the efficiencies are to be had. And then we've got customers who are actually piloting some really interesting capabilities, and we're helping them work through those. Here's what we're not seeing. We're not seeing a budget shift out of IT. What we are seeing and hearing is that budgets are coming from elsewhere in the organization, the functional areas that are going to be improved through AI innovation, like HR, like finance, like marketing, literally across the organization. Organizations are using budgets there to allocate to AI improvements because they're thinking about it merely as business transformation. So we haven't seen a shift, and frankly, we're not expecting that to happen. We're very excited about the opportunities that lie ahead, though.
Chris Leahy: Yes, it's a great question. I would say currently nascent, the opportunity and the burgeoning demand right now is because of the complexity and the speed and trying to figure out and test use cases. So we are seeing most of the activity for us in our advisory and consulting services. I think I use the word burgeoning. The momentum has been significant. But if you think longer term, this is a full stack play. And that's why CDW is a scaled full stack full life cycle provider with expertise, not just technically, but deep into each industry vertical is positions as well to help our customers. And as you know, when we think about CDW strategy and the growth over the years, we have been moving our capabilities to ensure that we are moving closer to the front end of the value chain. AI is a great example of that strategy and action given the consulting momentum that we've been seeing. But at the end of the day, we're talking about the need for power and consumption and data center enhancements and up and down the stack. So in terms of timing across the next several years, it's hard to say exactly when the various components of the stack will hit. But what I would say is just like any kind of revolutionary technology change, it moves fast and this will move faster. So we're seeing AI as an accelerant in our business and one that we think will play out fairly quickly over the next 24 months.
Chris Leahy: Yeah, Erik, it's a great, great question. One, we actually face here at CDW. At one point, you know, we do -- we loosen the first strings. Here's what I'd say, two things. One, there's definitely pent up demand. Our customers are ready to start putting plans in action. Two, they're looking to be more confident in the expectations for the rest of the year. So while there have been some more positive indicators currently around the economy, I mean, we still have elevated inflation and elevated interest rates, and they're just merely waiting to feel more confident in where the economy is going. I hate to make it that simple, but, but frankly, it is. But we're also equally confident of the pent up demand and the desire for our customers to get moving on those projects. I'm talking about the commercial space in particular, but get moving on those projects that they have delayed and deferred for some period of time.
Chris Leahy: Well, thank you very much, Taylor. And let me close by recognizing the incredible dedication and hard work of our coworkers around the globe. Their ongoing commitment to serving our customers is what makes us successful. Thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to help you achieve your goals. And thank you to those listening through your time and continued interest in CDW.
