Al Miralles: Yes. Thanks, Amit. Good morning. I'll take that question. Nothing too significant there to report, Amit. I would just say that, within the array of the product sectors, we did see strength in storage in a couple other categories that supplemented our client device margins. And then further, I would note that on the client device side of the house, we continue to see firm margins there including, and Chris alluded to this, kind of a higher mix in the kind of premium product, if you will. So, overall, we continue to see an environment, where product margins appear to be holding up. And obviously, as you pointed out, they are further supplemented by the growth that we continue to see on the netted down revenue stream side.
Al Miralles: Good morning, Matt. I would just note, look, we are still going to see reasonably normal seasonality from the government business. And remember, there's significant strength there on the state and local side of things. So look, even in the quarter, state and local offsetted some of that compression from a federal perspective. So, I would say it's all in the realm of regular normal seasonality for government, with just a downtick a bit in federal for Q3 and Q4.
Al Miralles: Sure. Good morning, Assia. A couple of things that I would just note. Number one, remember when we started the year, we indicated that we would have expected the beginning of the year would reflect higher level of expenses than usual and a ratio of SG&A relative to GP would ease as the year played out. Asiya, some of that is a function of just timing and seasonality of certain expenses that we see in the first half, some of it a function of our lower GP production -- gross profit production in the first half. And then just from a compare perspective, I would just note for you that, that last year obviously was a pretty uneven year, if you will. And pretty early in the year, we saw indications that our outlook was coming down. So that has an impact on the timing and our judgments with respect to things like compensation accruals. So, because of that, when you add it all together, our first half, we look a bit more shifting towards deleverage from an expense perspective. And what you should expect in the back half is that, that would ease, that would balance out obviously as our gross profit attainment would be higher. but also, you get a bit kind of a pickup from a seasonality timing of our expenses as well. So, for the full year, we expect it would look reasonably normal. The back half is going to look a lot different than it did in the first half vis-à-vis operating leverage.
Al Miralles: Sure. Thank you, Ruplu. Look, for the full year, we are calling for gross margins to look much like the first half did and frankly then much like 2023 in total. What you can expect there is continued durability and trending of our netted down revenues, which have been extremely strong. We would expect that would continue. And particularly, I'd say, in the year, we typically see more of that with renewals, of cloud and SaaS contracts et cetera. And that would be balanced with our regular mix of business, including expectation kind of a glide path of our client business. Now, on the non-netted down margins, I'll just note again, that product margins there have continued to help hold firm, and that's been quite a run, where they've been firm and we would expect that to continue. So, that's the sum of the different parts, Ruplu, to get us to that gross margin expectation very similar in the back half as what we saw in the first half.
Al Miralles: Sure, Samik. I'll take it. This is Al. So, just reminder what categories fall into netted down. You have software assurance. You have warranty. You have SaaS. You have cloud. Right. So, the big components, if you will. The strength that we've seen obviously has been substantially in the SaaS and cloud space. and that runs the gamut in terms of underlying workloads in those categories. Right That includes data, virtualization software, networking to some degree. So, it runs the gamut in those categories. They've been the leaders in that space. I should note, Samik, there, with that over the last year, categories such as software assurance and warranty obviously have lagged. because they are substantially attached to products, hardware and software -- licensed software that is. And so they've been laggards, which at some point as we talk about the catalyst and things beginning to turn from a hardware perspective, you could see some of those categories pick up. But in the meantime, as we are now saying, Hannah, we think that recovery is going to take a little bit more time, the most durable trends are in the SaaS and cloud space.
Al Miralles: Sure. Thank you, Adam. Appreciate the question. First, look, no doubt it has been a pretty volatile period of time for now a number of quarters for sure. I would note a couple of things. Number one, when we talked about a Q1, what we were expecting going in Q2, you did ask the question about seasonality. I made the remark that we would expect it would be somewhat short of historical pre-pandemic seasonality and that it was. The delta there, Adam, was essentially the sum of federal business and international. So, two things that we had not factored in. When you actually add those back, we get pretty close to that historical seasonality. So now, so we scroll forward. We have an expectation Q2 leading to Q3, of mid-single-digit sequential growth. And really how we get there, Adam is, it's taken off some of the expectation of meaningful pickup in the business. and I would say it's following now a more normal glide path. Now, that's backed up by a couple things. One, in line or close to historical seasonality, but also just the split between first half, second half. And so, when you think about our 48/52 split between first half, second half, that's not only consistent with the history. but I also would say coming off of a softer Q1. And so, while we are definitely not anticipating an upturn, if you actually look at the trend lines, I would say it's a pretty natural glide path from where we've come from, and we think it's reasonable when you add it up to the back half of the year.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Good morning, Amit. Thanks for the question. As we think about, let me start with the first part of that question, the outlook, and I'll just walk you through. I mean, at high level, that our outlook, incorporated a modest uptick in the second half demand of 2024. And that change really reflects, that we think current market conditions will persist. I think, I said not get worse, excuse me, but not get better. And that's just based on our market intelligence with our customers and our frontline coworkers. If you want to go through the puts and takes, look, when we start with corporate after a long period of fits and starts, and what I'll call uneven performance, corporate feels on more solid footing and is demonstrating a steadier rhythm to the business. That said, with signs of stability, it's still a bit too early to call and to bake that into the expectation in the back half of the year. Just need to see a couple more data points to build confidence on that one. Small business, I'd say not getting worse, not quite as volatile, but still bouncing along the bottom, so not seeing an uptick there. And then we've got these two end markets that had very unique impacts and we think will impact going forward. The UK, the degradation in the UK that I mentioned in the environment there, which impacted the second quarter and expecting impact the second half of the year. And then the federal gears of government, these two delays are just creating, frankly, a bottleneck that's not overcomeable at this point, on the federal side. And so, we don't expect to see a pickup back in the second half of the year in federal as we expected to. So, I just say that the outlook net-net reflects that there's no substantive change in the commercial market demand. It incorporates normal seasonality and it also includes, I guess, a moderate IT refresh across primarily client devices and some other solutions that can't be postponed. So, that's the way that we're thinking about the outlook. I think you asked a question on forecasting. And I would just say that on the forecasting, look, the team is doing a phenomenal job staying highly-engaged with our customers and pivoting, when needed. As you can see from our results, security cloud, software services results, it's very clear that we -- our portfolio and our people allow us to be the trusted adviser and support in the moment in the market type solutions. The forecasting is, yes, it's a little bumpier. because you've got lumpy - lumpy-big deals and they're all interrelated. There's no the example that I shared during the script. You see how interrelated and complex the solutions are. So, as those push, they push. but I think the team's doing a great job staying engaged with customers. And I would also say that our solutions pipeline is really quite strong. It's been the conversion given the market that is reflecting the appetite to buy, but the pipeline is really quite strong.
Chris Leahy: Yes. I would say on the networking side, there's certainly interest from customers on network modernization. That is a high priority. but there is still significant digestion going on. The supply chain is normalized, but we still have customers that are digesting what they purchased or actually received, I should say, later in the cycle. I think as we get back to the back half of the year, the overlaps will look a little bit different and so the performance will likely look a little bit different. But I would just say it's high priority. There's just still a lot of excess at our customers that they're digesting. On the server side, on the mid-market server side, we are seeing some strength in that area. but again, it's subject to our customers really, being cautious about where they're spending and pivoting a little more to cloud and elastic advisable solutions at this time.
Chris Leahy: Oh, Keith. Thanks for the question. First of all, it was CDW didn't impact us that much, which was great. But I'll tell you, I'm really proud of this team. They were so quick to help customers do boot-refixes and workarounds and essentially, get after customers immediately. So, it just reinforced, I think, the fact that we have such strong relationships with our customers and that the trust adviser role is so important. Once you do a transaction with a customer, it's not one and done, but this just reflected the fact that the aftercare and the relationship ongoing is so important. So, it was a very unfortunate, obviously, circumstance across the world, but really proud of the team for stepping up and stepping in with our customers.
Chris Leahy: Oh, absolutely. Yes. So, in circumstances like this, when we have been able to help, when there's a particular issue that's popped up that absolutely goes back and across the sales organization, we take it to other customers to help highlight potential vulnerabilities and then help them resolve those.
Chris Leahy: Yes. well, we think about the pipeline -- excuse me, we think about the pipeline, starting first, in terms of engagement with our customers and staying very close to our customers and doing and suggesting solutions that are best for them. In a market now, where cost optimization is high and needs are prioritized over once. A CDW is very careful to help our customers accommodate that, which might mean that not new and not growth revenue, but revenue that is finding cost optimization for them. All that said, what we do in an environment like this is we work hard to increase the pipeline to ensure that when it's time to convert, it's sufficient to drive growth. We do all the things that we do with a lot of rigor. We inspect the pipeline. We grow the pipeline. We measure the pipeline. We drive conversations with our customers. It's really just the appetite to convert at this point that we're not seeing. Now as I said, what has been very positive is the rhythm of the business feels, feels more stable, feels a little more firmer footing. and I think that's a good indicator of moving to more solid footing, which means a pipeline converting it in the not-too-distant future, which will convert into growth.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Yes. Thanks for the question, Ruplu. I'd answer it this way. Look, we're really in the very early innings of AI monetization, and CDW is investing behind and doing well frankly. We're investing primarily in people and enablement, and doing well in the areas that are kind of early stage, which I would say, are consultative primarily at this point. AI certainly opens conversations with customers extensively. But I would say our opportunity, the massive opportunity for CDW is full stack over the long run, and I would call this a long a long game. look, it feels very much, and we've said this before that AI is like any other kind of transformative technology of the past. and it plays to CDW's strengths. Complexity and choice always make it more difficult for our customers, and that helps us bring our knowledge, expertise and portfolio to bear. So, as I think forward, we do see it as an accelerant. We're investing behind it. Our customers are still at the stage of what's the art of getting this done and how's the sign what's the science of doing it. It's just a matter, frankly, Ruplu, of what the time frame of growth looks like over the long term. but I feel confident that we'll play it every -- at every layer of the stack. And it will be embedded in every layer of the stack.
Chris Leahy: Yes. George, I would just -- I would reiterate that we're still seeing that AI has put the architectural roadmap for compute storage and networking under reevaluation and flux, and we're still seeing that play out this quarter. I actually expect that to last for some period of time as we help customers sort through again, what the art of the possibilities. but then what's the actual return on investment dollars.
Chris Leahy: Sure, George. I would just say that we feel very confident that we continue to gain share in this low demand and limited demand market across virtually every category. You saw our results for security and for services, and cloud, client device refresh is starting to pick up. And this is validated both by, obviously, our own data, but equally our partner reviews. our partners validate that we are indeed taking shares that we're feeling very good about, where we're positioned in a limited growth environment.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Sure. So, I'd say look, capital investment and complex solutions, especially those tied to data center and network modernization are the ones that I highlighted as areas of more caution right now, given the uncertainty and also the increasingly complex technology landscape. Compute, we did see some pickup. That's really because, it was put off for some quite some time by a number of customers. and so there was a need to upgrade for against legacy systems. And then on the client side, as I said, we started to see, what we think is the beginnings of a refresh. Obviously, given all the catalyst there, that's going to be sustainable. The aged devices, Win 11, AI PCs, et cetera. We expect that to be a real refresh. And then I say sustainability in the clouds, where you saw strength this quarter in particular, cloud security and services in particular, I don't see those slowing down anytime soon. They're a great opportunity to offset some of those capital investments. They're a great opportunity for cost optimization and optimization generally. So, our customers have turned to them and with our portfolio, the beautiful thing about our is whatever our customers are buying, whenever they're buying it, we can give them the solution they need. So, very well prepared to deliver today and as we start to see a recovery in the capital investment appetite.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Adam, I would say customer behavior is on high alert around cybersecurity, and we're having heightened and more conversations with our customers around that. It does not feel that, that is putting off or, delaying any other engagements and projects at all. But we are seeing heightened conversation around cybersecurity.
Chris Leahy: Well, thank you very much. I want to recognize the incredible dedication of our coworkers around the globe and their extraordinary commitment to serving our customers, our partners and all CDW stakeholders. You show the power of execution excellence every day in every way. And thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to serve you, to our investors and analysts participating in this call, we appreciate you and your continued interest in and support of CDW. Al and I look forward to talking with you again, next quarter.
