Thomas E. Richards: Thanks, Sade. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you today and to report on our first quarter results. Joining me on the call today are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Counsel; and Sari Macrie, our Vice President, Investor Relations. I'll begin today's call with a brief overview of our results and key drivers and we will run through the financials and then we will go right to your questions. But before we begin, Sari will provide a few important comments regarding what we will share with you today.
Thomas E. Richards: Hey, good morning, Brian, it's Tom. So let me answer the last part first. The market assumptions haven't changed. We still think the market's going to be in the 3% to 4% and as I stated, we're committed to outgrowing the market by 200 to 300 basis points. I think one of the things that people need to keep in mind is while I think there will be some sense of normal seasonality, the uniqueness of last year, because of the client refresh and the impact on the business, I think will make comparing normal seasonality a little unusual this year. Just because as you heard us talk about the shifting priorities of customers moving from transactional back to client. So – and also I alluded to a number of things that I think will accelerate some of our top-line performance. As an example the K-12 organization and the success in E-Rate as we go through the rest of the year.
Thomas E. Richards: Your assessment is accurate. We are pleased, although it's still relatively early in the process, but Kelway continues to perform well. We're very encouraged by as we get closer and work closer together about the way we're going to be able to serve multinational customers. And I would tell you that it's going as planned at this point.
Thomas E. Richards: Hi, Sherri, good morning. Thanks for the question. I would tell you, I've said this to our team, I think the PC business for us feels like it felt in 2013 and 2012 which is, you know, when I think people were reporting the death of the PC business for us, it continued to be a good growth category because of our exclusive focus on B2B. And that's, it feels like that's where we are again. If you heard me talk about our notebooks and mobile device growth that was, we had a good quarter. I think we're going to work our way through the desktop issue which really was driven by Windows XP. So – and I think I talked about this last quarter, we wouldn't expect to repeat the kind of exponential tailwind we had last year in the client business. Having said that, we still expect the PC business to be a good part of our growth profile for this year.
Thomas E. Richards: It's still a relatively small part. When you think of the $12 billion company, but it's an increasing part as customers look to implement what we have said for a while is hybrid solutions to their computing needs so to speak. I would say, again I would point back to the profile for this year feels like the profile of 2013, where we had real balance between client devices and solutions, and had the kind of growth trajectory that I think we're talking about this year. I don't envision while we had a really strong quarter from a gross profit perspective and both Ann and I alluded to some of the reasons why. At this point, I wouldn't say it is so big that it is going to be a meaningful pressure on our top-line growth. I think the bigger challenge as many of you pointed out to me in the first quarter will be just jumping the comps that we had from last year's phenomenal season is part of the challenge this year.
Thomas E. Richards: No, it would be tough to give you the perspective and dimensionalize average deal size. I think you heard me give you a couple of examples in the text about those kind, but not all solutions are that complex and of that magnitude. I think the best way to think about it is they tend to be more margin rich as we think about the solutions business, I think that played out a little bit this quarter and will play out as we kind of mix back into a more balanced approach between transactional and solutions.
Thomas E. Richards: When we talk about it, we just generally talk about our commitment to outgrow the IT market by 200 to 300 basis points, and I think one of the things Ann just alluded to, you know, we would expect the hardware business to accelerate a little bit from what we saw in the first quarter and that will help drive top-line growth but it also then puts a little more pressure on the margin.
Thomas E. Richards: Thanks, Katy. Good morning. Couple of things. One, if you think about small business, they started to accelerate the middle of last year and had a strong quarter in the third and fourth quarter. It obviously continued from an execution standpoint but the reason I make that comment is because that group probably sooner than any other group recognizes anything that we see as kind of an economic shift whether it's a change in consumption, a reaction to interest rate and so we probably look at them closer when it comes to what's going on with the economy. So it was just the kind of keep that out there as we kind of see how the economy plays out for the rest of the year and what happens with as I said interest rate and what impact that might have. That's kind of the reference.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. I don't think we laid out a set of factors, Katy. When we talked about the acquisition, part of the reason we structured it the way we did was the kind of follow the typical CDW measured and thoughtful approach to looking at something as significant as this type of acquisition. Like I said, we're pleased with how things have started. You know it will be a function of how CDW is doing, how we feel about our readiness to do the integration, how Kelway is doing? All of those things kind of enter into doing one of these type of things successfully and that's our most important priority.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, really, really comfortable. If you heard the preamble to that lots of growth in the, what I'll call the newer technologies, disruptive technologies, you heard me mention flash, you also heard me mention that 7 out of our 8 top partners grew. So feel really good about that. And I think if you look back, I was looking at it yesterday at our storage performance, it's been kind of lumpy, it kind of – we'll have a really good quarter then we'll have a flat quarter and I think some of that is just the shifting that's going on in the storage marketplace both with the incumbents and the new entrants, and as you know, Jayson, we bring on a meaningful number of new partners every year, a lot of those partners have been in the storage space and so you've got little bit of a transformation going on. And then you couple that with the success of converged infrastructure and the impact that has, it's no wonder that it's kind of got this inconsistent behavior at this point.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I would say, I don't know about predictability and visibility, I will say the performance has been more consistent. If you think about it, like I said, I think we've had five quarters of improvement in our server performance, and you know, lot of that is us being very focused on that part of the marketplace, a lot of it is the Win 2003 expiration and the little bit of tailwind that gives you – and if you look at net comp for us, it has been one of if not the most steady product set of the data center that we've had. They have been a pretty steady performer, I think back to almost two years to three years now.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, we did see growth in client but it was balanced with equal amount of strength in our solution business, Bill, which was really encouraging. When we get that kind of balance, it really enables us to not only expand or maintain the margins that you just talked about with Ann but also gives us a level of consistency.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I think – what you say is true. I think technology will be an important part of some of the efficiencies and effectiveness. But at least in our customer base, we've had a number of mergers. And that's not, I don't think unique to our customer base. And when those mergers happen, you're going through the process of integrating the two companies and trying to create synergies and cut costs, and I think when that happens that becomes an important priority for the business. That isn't to say, as I tried to allude to, that we don't think that when that dust settles that we'll continue to see healthcare as a growth segment for CDW. The second was, look, everybody's under the, what I would call the pressure of the reimbursement process, the demonstration of meaningful use when it comes to technologies, and I don't think that is going away. That I think will be a consistent for all healthcare organizations. So when I think about our healthcare business for this year, I think, I wish I had a more articulate word than "lumpy," but I think that's what it's going to be. I think it's going to bounce around. We're going to have quarters where we do better than other quarters. But I continued to maintain that long term that is a growth segment for us, because in spite of how well it's done, we still have a relatively small market share in this segment, and therefore the opportunities are really significant. That was really reinforced recently at the HIMSS conference with the number of people that we talked to and their excitement about ways in which CDW can help them. I just think it's going to be a little bit of a lumpy market for the rest of this year.
Thomas E. Richards: I'll tell you, I'll answer that the same way I've answered it with my sales leaders. While there are budget freezes, those budget freezes are on top of budget growth that has happened for the last two or three years. So there still, I think, represents a significant amount of spend out there for us to kind of go after and help customers with. What I worry about is when budget freezes turn into budget reductions, because then that reduces the market opportunity. So at this point, we still believe based on my comments about our growth for the year that there's a significant opportunity out there for CDW, and despite the fact that we're the largest player of our type by a meaningful factor in the marketplace, we still only have 5% to 6% share of our addressable market. So feel comfortable there's enough opportunity out there at least at this point. Now again as I answered Katy's question, you got to kind of monitor what goes on with the economy and as one example clearly we had customers impacted this quarter by the foreign exchange issue and you just got to look at that and how does that impact their decisions going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: All right. Thank you again to everybody for taking the time and joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest and your questions. And as I always say, if you need some help with your technology, CDW is more than happy to help, and you know, how to get hold of me, and the last thing is, it's a big weekend for everybody, so Happy Mother's Day out there to all you moms, see you.
Ann Elizabeth Ziegler: Hey, (34:58). We've said that our target ratio is about 2.5 to 3 times. We're at 3 times. We have finished the refinancing of all the high cost debt at this point, so I wouldn't expect us to be doing any refinancings over the short to medium term, and we do expect to maintain our leverage ratio in the 2.5 to 3 times range.
Ann Elizabeth Ziegler: It is more of a mix issue as well as I called out in my remarks, we did have a one-time item that benefited us in the quarter, so that obviously wont reoccur, in fact it will reverse in the fourth quarter and then the other items are more attributable to mix. The mix into net service contract revenue in the quarter because net service contract revenues grew at a higher rate than product, you don't see that impact on the top line, but you do see it in the gross profit line and again as product growth accelerates a bit as we move through the year that mix impact will dissipate.
Ann Elizabeth Ziegler: In terms of the magnitude, the dollar amount that it contributes to gross margin or gross profit – to gross profit, that's relatively consistent, it's a good, steady grower, quarter in and quarter out. This quarter, it grew more rapidly than our product gross profit, and therefore it had an outsized contribution in the growth and was therefore – it was really a mix impact that you were seeing.
