Chris Leahy: Good morning, Matt. It’s Chris. Look, on demand, I would tell you what we’re seeing from customers is continued resiliency and need for devices, whether it is more devices in the hands of people who are working remotely or at least partially remotely kids in school, new use cases the ability to utilize the stimulus dollars now to buy those devices. And then you add on refresh that’s coming up a pretty large installed base that’s looking towards refresh. I would just tell you that the demand feels resilient. Vis-à-vis CDW, we certainly have some tough overlaps, some compares we’re looking at in K12 given the enormous growth last year. But generally speaking, demand remains solid. On the supply side, Chromebooks have really started to ease up a little bit. That’s – the OEMs had to plan for that last fall and they did, but we are still seeing supply constraints with regard to notebooks.
Chris Leahy: Yes. On the full year guide, mid-7s, obviously, there is a range there. I’d expect us probably to be at the stronger end of that mid-7s. But as you think about the back half of the year, as we talked about in our prepared comments, we believe now is the time to invest in the business, and we will continue to aggressively invest in the business. You saw that we added nearly 500 coworkers in the second quarter. As those coworkers come into the P&L, obviously, all of that’s not reflected as we go forward. So we will be carrying two full quarters of expense for that and continuing to make additional investments in the business.
Chris Leahy: Well, good morning, Katy. Good to hear from you. In terms of our increase, look, if you look at where we’ve had meaningful growth, client devices, video, other hardware categories and what customers’ priorities are going forward, where they are allocating more technology spend to infrastructure needs, we don’t think the market is growing at the same rate that we are growing. So we’re flowing some of that increase through to our premium. And as you know, the CDW tends to outpace the U.S. IT market by more than 200 to 300 basis points in periods of hardware fresh. So we tend to overindex because we have more recognized at the net line. The one thing I would say is supply remains a wildcard. Collin’s talked about it. I’ve talked about it. We’re not underestimating supply. The teams have done a phenomenal job, frankly, in managing it and getting our fair, fair share. But we think that given the mix of what we’re seeing our customers buy and how that hits the top line, that’s what’s driving this – the view on that.
Chris Leahy: Well, yes, that is fair, Katy to some extent. Look, our distribution center, our logistics capabilities, all the things that we talk about put us in a position where we – customers are betting on us. They are turning to us as their best bet to get supply, and partners understand that. So I’d like to say we get our fair, fair share. You can say we get our unfair share, but we do tend to benefit in supply-constrained environment. That said, I just – I’ll repeat what we’ve been saying for the past couple of quarters. It’s so prevalent at this point and the visibility is very difficult that it’s hard to really have a good view over the next couple of quarters other than just saying we think it’s going to get a little worse before it gets better. It’s going to continue into next year. But I’ll tell you, we’ve been working very closely with our OEMs, and they have just been terrific. And we’re also working closely with customers to find choices for them if they are willing to move their requirements and their standards, which small businesses or others aren’t. But yes, we generally – because we can create a solution and deliver to customers, we generally get our greater than fair share, if you will.
Chris Leahy: Yes, Shannon. Well, yes, to all your questions, let me start with education. There is the Emerging Connectivity Act which is about $7.1 billion, and we have worked closely with educational systems to tap that. So, that’s been something that the education customers are very focused on and taking advantage of with our help facilitating and navigating. So, absolutely there. And we also say State & Local, we have talked about the three rounds of stimulus funding, last March, last December, this March and how that impact is stable, in particular, because in December’s Appropriations Act, there was no additional funding for State & Local. So, State & Local tended to pause kind of step back and say, what’s going to happen in the next round. Well, in the next round, which is this March, there were dollars allocated to State & Local. So, we have now seen the use of those funds pick up. I would tell you that the first couple of months in this quarter was a lot of assessing, understanding, again, working with our customers to help them understand how to tap the funds and where we get the money, how to get the money, etcetera. But we did see a nice pickup in the last part of second quarter in terms of using the stimulus dollars. So, that’s another area where we are seeing strength in stimulus. In terms of the packages coming forward, the new ones coming out yet to be seen, we will review those. And to the extent that there is opportunity to help our customers, certainly, we will take advantage of those. Clearly, the focus of the administration on things like technology, infrastructure or technology as infrastructure and cyber security are high on the list of priorities for our customers, and we have capabilities that can help them to both implement solutions around those, but more importantly, navigate the stimulus funds. So, we will – I think we will be very effective in doing that.
Chris Leahy: Sure. Good morning, Ruplu. What I would say about the Fed business is we had a number of large opportunities that are going to be rolling out in the second half of the year and others that we are pursuing. Overlapping expenses projects, we knew we had that and we had another – a number of other very large client device projects last year. So, what we have been putting in the back half of the year is not going to be enough likely to overcome that. But look, the beauty of our model is the diversity of our customer end markets. So, we said having such strength last year in the sense of – and kind of coming back to the year, if you will, with I would say, next year, 2022, picking up from a growth perspective, we have got all of our other customer end markets that are going to be constrained. The other thing I would just say is a reminder of the Federal space. The Census deal and some other deals that we are doing there are, frankly, that we are working on that are fairly similar, really reflects the positioning that we have with our customers in that customer end market, which is a real thought leader, a real solutions provider and a services first player. So kudos to the team for continuing to grow our reputation and capabilities and we can see it paying off in the opportunities that we have got in the pipeline.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Good morning, Matt. Thanks for the question. It’s a little bit of everything you mentioned there. We certainly are seeing this driven by folks getting back to the office. We are seeing it pent-up demand. I think one of – our leader in the solutions area for our partner relationships kind of refer to 2020 as a range away in terms of as we think about refresh. And that’s not a bad way to think about it. Last year was a pause on a lot of things. So, now we are seeing servers growing double digits. Certainly, what our customers are focusing on is things like workload optimization and application performance. And so that’s where they are focusing to invest in infrastructure. And ultimately, frankly, this is tied to supporting digital transformation, which is at the forefront of every customer’s mind. So I think if we look forward, hybrid work is driving assessment on what customers are going to need, so supporting the office. As we get new next-gen releases in computer technologies, given the analytic heavy nature of the future and the analytics that customers are needing to really win and keep in the marketplace, I think we are going to continue to see some upgrades in the needs there. And then in the other areas like storage, what we are seeing now is a real enhanced focus on data center observability. So, customers are looking at costs and optimizing operations. And so there is a growing and leading system, modest churn and automation. And so our Digital Velocity and ServiceNow businesses are really on fire. And we are just continuing to scrutinize the spend. Now that said, where our customers are ending up, I think, and is proved out by how customers are in-house in the future is a multi-cloud world, which includes on-prem, on-subject cloud-like capabilities, which is growing in terms of – assets as well as multiple clouds that they are using. Last year, I think we talked about, and earlier this year, about customers really taking a step back and reassess how to optimize their infrastructure, and that’s what we are seeing. The good news is whether they are refreshing and updating, whether they are moving to a meter consumption model on time, whether they are going to colo or whether they are moving workloads to various clouds, public clouds, we are helping them at the front end to play in that, then to implement the plan. So, it keeps us right front and center of helping them to deploy their infrastructure strategy.
Chris Leahy: Yes, it’s a great question, and we continue to see it as a growth opportunity. If we just think about the various cycles we have been through in K-12, you can go back 10 years, where Chromebooks were introduced and we created this with good service, and then we help to see modernization of the classroom. And every cycle that education has been through, CDW has been at the forefront of helping educators, administrators, technology to figure out the best way to teach kids, to educate in the classroom and now outside the classroom in different ways, in the learning – in the typical facility, at home, in the classroom. So, we continue to see it as a growth opportunity because of the natural evolution of education in this country and in our other markets. I think, certainly, given how strong last year was, in particular, Q4, I don’t think we are going to see the kind of equity and access, the classroom experience opportunities that we are selling into. We are not going to see ourselves overlap or overcome how well we did last quarter. But over the long-term, Matt, I would say it’s a great market. We have fantastic expertise, especially when you think about Amplified IT, the acquisition we did last quarter. And we are seeing traction in the market incredibly strong. So, we are very bullish on K-12.
Chris Leahy: Thank you, Tania. And let me close by saying I would like to acknowledge first, the incredible dedication of our co-workers around the globe and their extraordinary commitment to serving our customers, partners and all of our CDW stakeholders, particularly this quarter, our first quarter delivering over $5 billion in sales, an extraordinary quarter, supporting our customers. Thank you all. Thank you also to our customers for the great privilege and opportunity to serve you. And to our investors and analysts participating in the call, we appreciate you and your continued interest and support of CDW. We look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you.
Collin Kebo: Yes, Matt, I would just add in terms of the composition of the growth in the backlog. As Chris said, notebook certainly contributed to that with Chromebooks getting better, but we did see backlog growth in some of the other areas in the transactional part of the business, things like displays and panels and monitors, things like that. And then we also saw the backlog increase across some infrastructure products.
Collin Kebo: Yes, I’m happy to take that. It’s really a variety of initiatives, both organically and inorganically. On the organic side, we continue to invest behind the areas solutions areas that are particularly high value to our customers, so customer-facing coworkers and technical areas, both on the presales and the service delivery side. I think you began to see some of the fruits of those investments in the second quarter as we referenced the success that we were having in the professional services part of the business. We are also making investments in our own digital transformation into our own infrastructure to drive productivity with our sales force and how we interact with customers and just how we scale and operate the business more efficiently.
Collin Kebo: Yes, Katy, we’re really not providing more detail on Q3 intra-quarter beyond what we shared in the comments, which was we continue to see strong activity and momentum, particularly with commercial customers and in CDW Canada. And on the supply side, we are expecting modest growth in the backlog as we move throughout the year.
Collin Kebo: Yes. Sure, Chris. Maybe I’ll just add a little bit on to the double ordering comment as well, Jim. I think also, when you think about what the majority of our customers are ordering, they are not widgets. It’s customized to the specs of a large corporate customer or the needs of the school district. And the thought that you’re going to place an order like that with multiple vendors, I think, is low. At very small and – a small office, home office customer that needs 20 notebooks, it’s impossible that there is some double ordering going on there. Yes. But I think overall, when you look at the backlog, we feel pretty good that those are firm orders sitting in the backlog. The comment I’ll make actually gets into your next one. What we have seen, though, is what I would call an order pull-forward-where customers are placing orders sooner than they might normally because of the supply environment or to try to get ahead of expected price increases from our OEM vendor partners. So sitting in that backlog is a little bit of a pull-forward. And I think that’s getting to your question around the air pocket. I guess the way I think about it is there is a little bit of a hedge here. To the extent that there may then be a little bit of a lull in the ordering. If, at some point in the future, orders return to a normal timing and flow pattern, we would also then have the flush of the backlog at some point in time. So I think maybe that’s one way to think about it.
Collin Kebo: Yes. Shannon, from a cash flow perspective, obviously, as the business experiences rapid growth, we do make an investment in working capital, and you saw some of that in the quarter. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have intentionally been carrying higher inventory levels, specifically customer-specific inventory to help them work through rollouts of their projects. So, I think as long as we are in this choppy supply environment, I would expect inventory to be running higher than typical levels. As it relates to our total free cash flow, we were down in the first half of the year relative to a normal first half of the year. I would attribute that, though, mostly to the strong timing and things we benefit from in the prior year and not indicative of any type of change in the future free cash flow generation capability of the business.
Collin Kebo: Yes. Ruplu, if you think about it, the gross margin improved sequentially. We went from a 16.4% to 17.2%. So, that was 80 basis points. Now we have a variable cost structure, so, not all of that passes to the operating margin. I would say that there are some elements of seasonality in that. When you think about – there is a software vendor, a big partner of ours who has a fiscal year end in June. And as we mentioned in our comments, we had very strong software results and very strong cloud and Software as a Service results. So, we did benefit seasonally from mixing into some netted down items there that I wouldn’t expect to recur at necessarily the same pace in the second half of the year. And then also our partner funding improved a bit sequentially from Q1 to Q2. Our partners reimburse some of our advertising. And as we increased our advertising investment sequentially, you saw part of that sitting in the gross margin. So, I think most of the increase then is primarily explained by the gross margin. And then in terms of how you think about the back half of the year, I just – the comment I made to Matt earlier in the call around we are continuing to invest in the business, and that co-worker count gets layered in and you will have full quarter’s worth of that expense coming up in subsequent quarters.
Collin Kebo: Hi. Good morning, Keith. We typically would not provide that level of granularity with our acquisitions. I guess it’s – while strategically important and of high value to our customers and sellers, it is a services business. So, in terms of just absolute magnitude of contribution to CDW, I would say the impact will be relatively small. And as we stated in the press release on Monday, I expect it not to have a material impact to earnings for the full year. I guess what I would say, though, is, I mean, if you look at the investments we have been making over the past couple of quarters, we have been picking up the services businesses that are of high value to our customers. And I think collectively, they are contributing to some of the gross margin strength, and you saw that in the second quarter, and we commented on it. So, I wouldn’t call out anything specifically, but would just say, in aggregate, the investments we are making behind the services businesses in the high-growth areas that our value to our customers are helping the margin.
Collin Kebo: Yes. That’s a difficult question to answer at a portfolio level, because much of what we sell doesn’t have a hardware unit associated with it, right, when you think about software, services, cloud and then you see things like value shifting to the software for integrated solutions. But maybe one way to think about it is if I pick a big category like client devices, which were up high teens in the quarter, we saw balanced growth in terms of both units and ASPs, average selling price, and that was true for most customer end markets. So, it’s a combination of both unit growth and pricing.
Collin Kebo: Yes. Samik, thanks for joining the call and welcome. We haven’t provided multiyear thoughts – just a view for the year. And you can see for the full year, we continue to believe we will deliver a mid-7 operating margin. So, you can then think about those investments being funded within the context of that, those thoughts around the operating margin.
Collin Kebo: Yes. I think you can do the math, given the thoughts on the guide for the third quarter and then what’s left over for the fourth quarter. I would just be careful about your thoughts on the backlog. As we said, we don’t assume an improvement in the backlog at our full year modeling thoughts. So, that’s not captured. And if the backlog were to get worked down, that would be upside to the outlook. And I think when you run the math, on what the implied Q4 growth rate is year-over-year, that’s again just a reflection of some of the big overlaps that we have been talking about, specifically within education in the fourth quarter. Last year, we had the large Mississippi Department of Education deal, and obviously, a big contribution from the census that the devices came back.
