Tom Richards: Thanks, Nicole. Good morning everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you and to report CDW's third quarter results. Joining me in the room today are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Counsel; and Sari Macrie, our VP, Investor Relations. I'll begin with a high level review of our performance and comment on strategic progress, Ann will take you through a more detailed review of the financials, and then we will go right to your questions. But before we begin, Sari will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Tom Richards: Okay. So thanks Mark. So, a little bit about healthcare. First of all, what are causing the headwinds, just kind of -- we continue to see institutions, if I can just say it that way struggling to look at multiple priorities in their business and dealing with kind of the lack of clarity on funding as they kind of get used to sequestration, the impacts of Medicare/Medicaid reimbursement, the implementation of ACA. So you kind of have multiple things at one time all descending if you will on the healthcare segment and hospitals in particular. :
Tom Richards: Okay, good. So if you looked at what happened in education, clearly the big driver was K-12. Clearly, it was institutions or schools working to prepare to deal with the Core Curriculum implementation and testing. Now, we saw a significant opportunity in the quarter to help school districts prepare for that. We took advantage of that opportunity. And well, you're right the general harvest season or selling season is typical the third quarter. We do continue -- we do expect them to continue to have growth, not properly in the neighborhood of what they had in the third quarter, in the fourth quarter. But as you accurately pointed out, the deployment of that technology then begets opportunities for other technology, whether it's helping manage that, build out the infrastructure, or build out wireless. So we believe that for at least the foreseeable future in the near-term, we'll continue to have good growth in K-12, but it would be unrealistic to expect them to repeat what they did in the heavy buying season third quarter for the next couple of quarters.
Tom Richards: Yeah. There is so much in that question. But let me start with, it's about 10% of our business. And I wish I add the kind of clear volumes to demystify the impact. But suffice to just say, if you kind of just think through this sequential event, you have in the third quarter -- we did see the -- a flush, but it started much later than we might normally see. We might normally start high selling activity in August, that didn't happen in September, right. And so that last end of the quarter flush was there but not as material as it normally is. Then you put on top of that the shutdown for the 16 days in October and then the federal government try to ramp back up after the shutdown. So when we say look, we think there's going to be an impact on the fourth quarter in federal, I would be -- look it just wouldn't be right for me to try to forecast what that's going to look like because we don't know how quickly they will ramp back up again. And then, look we all know that we -- the story is not over. We have some new discussions in the first part of next year and you're not really sure how that's going impact it. So we are operating in uncharted waters. I -- what I feel good about is, that when I talk to our sellers in the federal market they're continuing to gauge in discussions. But a lot of the question comes back to; we're not sure when we'll have the authority, what's the authority is going to look like, what's the new budget as far as continual resolution is going to impact our authority to spend. So it's a wildcard for all of us, Ben, unfortunately.
Tom Richards: So it was a meaningful part of the gross margin compression because you don't have the ability to sell some of the solution products that have higher margins. And so that clearly has an impact on margin going forward. I think one of the things I hope this quarter demonstrates to people is our ability to reallocate resources and reallocate focus and look at other areas of the business where we can have growth. One of the things we're really excited about is our success in selling cloud-based solutions. As you know, that's really margin rich part of the business for us albeit small but growing. I think the other thing is our service business continues to grow and we're excited about kind of what's happening with that part of the business. That's another opportunity for us to kind of offset that. And then the third would be -- one of the exciting things about the strategy that we've been deploying and in particular take a look at K-12. If you think about some of those downstream products if things play out the way we would like there will be solutions that will sit on the backend of that strategy, which all have higher margins. So those are just kind of maybe two or three ideas, Bill, that we've kind of got in our -- on our radar screen as far as offsetting any potential pressure from federal.
Tom Richards: Yes. Well, it's exceeding -- look, I would tell you that it's exceeding our expectations, but that for a $10 billion business it's going to be a while until it becomes material. I think the thing that this isn't so much a financial answer as a strategic answer is the thing I'm excited about is the number of engagements we're having with customers, the number of times we're selling cloud solutions whether they're SaaS based solutions, hybrid solutions or even private cloud. We don't count private cloud because it's too hard to differentiate where private cloud fits. That's actually in our normal business and we would see those kind of sales in our server and storage.
Tom Richards: Well, Brian, so first, we don't give a gross margin target. So, I'll assume your question was like what we've been performing at. And clearly as we talk about our strategy one of the reasons we're so focused on expanding our solutions and service capability is so we have the kind of flexibility to offset pressures in the marketplace. And as far as, I think we continue to demonstrate the ability to deliver the adjusted EBITDA targets that we put out there for people. That's one of benefits of the breadth and the balance and scale tied to this business. We will continue to do that. But I would tell you if you look at this quarter and you really want to get underneath gross margin there were a lot of things going on. You had obviously the federal and healthcare kind of tsunami hitting at one time and you had our success in some of the more transactional product. You don't expect that all of those perfect storm things to happen in the future but we also can't predict, Brian, as you know what's going to happen in the competitive marketplace and how aggressive players will be in order to get some top line revenue growth. So it's a, as you know, a combination of factors. But we do feel confident and feel like we're demonstrated that we're going to continue to deliver on that adjusted EBITDA target we've given you.
Tom Richards: No. The BAC partners have been great. And I think in part because of their confidence in CDW's ability to execute for them.
Tom Richards: I would say there's no perfect answer on that, Chris. I'll tell you what I'd say. Pricing pressure had existed across all of the categories but you got to kind of keep trying to pull out the federal healthcare implication on things when you're looking at it. And I would say that it's been pretty consistent to your point across several quarters now. We see it more heavily in our transaction products than we do in our solutions products but I don't think that's a surprise.
Tom Richards: Okay. Well, let me take the first one. We did see certain applications like you heard me talk about K-12 and that being a big, big driver of what's going on in the PC and mobility marketplace. I would tell you that while I think people are planning to deal with the XP expiration and moving to 7 at this point mostly, I don't know that I would consider it a big driver of our performance at this point. Now I hope it becomes a big driver going forward as we think into the early part of the next year because people are clearly going to plan for what happens when that support declines a little bit. And so I don't want to get too far into 2014 and projecting that but I think your instincts are right that you would expect to see some movement because of that.
Tom Richards: Yes, so first one, Katy. We didn't see what I would call material, I mean, clearly if you're a business and you happen to be geographically in Washington there was some impact there but I think it would be a stretch to call it material. And I would say if you look at our success across product categories inside of MedLar it was pretty much across the board. It was spread from transaction all the way through solutions. So I don't know that I would kind of callout a particular product category.
Tom Richards: Katy, I don't -- we don't comment on particular competitors but I will say what I said last time. It all depends on the investment thesis. And so I don't know enough to predict that. I can't really tell you how this is going to play out unfortunately.
Tom Richards: Well, Jason, it depends on the deal. I hate to sound opaque, but it depends on what are the components of a deal. For example, in this case you have managed services aspect of it, infrastructure as a service, which tends to get built out a multiyear kind of annuity monthly revenue stream. You also have a part of it some of the hardware acquisition that went into upgrading the datacenter. So when you say is there a generic kind of trend I think it's really hard especially, and you guys have heard me say this, I believe hybrid solutions are going to continue to be the dominant part of cloud-based implementations as people look at what their capital investments have been, how they manage end of life, how they manage technological obsolescence. And so you're going to get everything from pure SaaS through SaaS plus IaaS through managed services and it's just really hard to say a, what's a single perspective truthfully.
Tom Richards: Now I would say that when you're looking at managed services and some of the pure SaaS solutions, those are obviously going to be stronger margins. And then you might see if it were just a pure hardware type solution. So the instincts that you see or may be a better way to say it is, the results you see in kind of looking at our overall business where you have richer margins in services, richer margins in software solutions, richer margins in integrated solutions, will carry forward as you execute hybrid solutions for customers.
Tom Richards: Yes, I -- when I look at it there's a lot going on in software obviously. And again, you got to look at this quarter and pullout what was the federal government impact on software. If you take that's a big segment to take growth out of that is one think I would like you to keep in mind when you think about our software performance. The second is, as you begin to implement more and more cloud-based solutions you're going to see some kind of short-term pressure until the annuity stream builds up, but you see gross margin enrichment, if I can say it that way, that's playing out in software kind of as we go forward.
Tom Richards: Interesting. My instinct would say, if not so much it leads to expand it, because the opportunity is there almost independent of when the customers pull the string on buying. It does make there to be variability within quarters. But I don't know that I think I would take the leap that says, when it's pent-up you get more of your fair share when it eventually flushes. I think I'll be uncomfortable making that statement. What I'm comfortable in saying is, the underlying thesis that says, our reach, our scale, and our breadth of capabilities does give us a significant opportunity to leverage and get share gain in the marketplace.
Tom Richards: All right. So Matt, let me make sure I get these one at a time. So the first one is, I think in my formal comments I alluded to the fact that we did see some slight improvement this quarter. Stemming declines, we have seen for three quarters. And while one quarter is not a trend make, we're encouraged by what we're seeing performance wise in the small business group. Some of that was some initiatives we took on inside of the business to improve our alignment and our go to market strategy. Some of it was -- and I'm talking about some of the performance declines that you alluded to. Some of it was a particular partner who took away an opportunity to sell that market that was in our base and when it was taken away you had to earn on it without being in your portfolio so to speak. We feel like we've gotten through most of that. Although on the macro level, I think there is still kind of a mix signal coming out of small business consumers. And remember for us small business really is small. It's organizations that have less than a 100 coworkers that's not a definition that is ubiquitous. So -- and I think what we're seeing in that space is -- look they're dealing with a lot. They're dealing with healthcare cost and understanding that. They're dealing with a volatile kind of economic climate. And while we're seeing some signs of encouragement, I feel good about our go to market model when there is an uptick and confidence in spending we're going to be there to capture the opportunity.
Tom Richards: I think everybody if they're focused on the end-user market and what customers are looking for are introducing cloud-based solutions. Now everybody is doing it a little differently which is somewhat of a challenge. But I would say in this case it was probably one of the most direct movement and so that's what I was trying to call out there. But everybody that's in the world of software is developing cloud-based solution to help customers make decisions doing CapEx and OpEx. And fortunately, for us we have been investing and focusing and building out capabilities so that we can actually help customers think through what their options are and build up limitation. And the last thing is, look as you go to -- again, the SaaS part of cloud tends to be subscription based, monthly -- kind of monthly revenue based, annuity stream base, and that will be a little different than just selling straight up box software.
Tom Richards: Okay. Look everybody thank you again for your interest this morning. Thank you for your questions. And we appreciate you taking the time this morning to hear about a quarter that we're obviously pretty proud of. When I told you in the third quarter call that I thought the federal government was a wildcard, I didn't really realize how much of a wildcard that could be. But I'm obviously extremely proud of this team's ability to kind of deal with exogenous factors in the marketplace and still deliver and execute across our business. So again, thank you for today. And as always, if we can help your companies with their IT needs we would love to talk to you. See you next quarter. Thank you.
