Albert Miralles: Yes. Shannon, this is Al. So happy to address that. So as I mentioned, the NGOI margin and dollar result was largely driven by strong gross margin. So if we just take the components of gross margin for the quarter, a few things, Shannon, that I would note first, obviously, the benefit and accretive effect from Sirius which we've seen all year.  Number two, the effect of netted-down revenues, right, largely driven by focus on security, cloud, Software as a Service. We would view that component as pretty structural.  Next, I would say, contributions from services. Again, we've made a lot of investments in that space. So we view that as largely structural. And then the last component of our gross margin, Shannon, would be on the product side. And we've talked about through the year that we've had really favorable, both mix and rate on the product side. And that would be the 1 variable that we would see potentially could moderate. And so obviously, in this supply environment, we've seen our customers favor a bit more speed over price. And that's led to a favorable mix and also strong rates. And so obviously, as we start to see supply ease a bit here, you could see that moderate, and that's what we're tending towards for Q4.
Albert Miralles: Yes. Amit, this is Al. So similar to my response to Shannon there, really, if you tick down the list, again, the kind of the priority order of what contributed in gross margin, Sirius for sure, netted-down revenue, contributions from services and then on the product side. And I would say that both the netted down and the contributions from services would be deemed a bit more structural. Certainly, from a product margin perspective, there's a structural component, but you're going to vary depending on mix in any given period. And so that's what we've been seeing.  To your question on guiding on gross profit, that's certainly something, Amit, that we talk about. Just remember beauty of our deep and broad portfolio means at any given time, you're going to have puts and takes in terms of where things show up and what our customers need. And so what we discussed really there is there are going to be periods where there's stronger hardware contribution and refreshes and those types of things. And that's where certainly focusing on the net sales is important as well. But as time goes by, and particularly as we see some of the supply conditions change, certainly, we'll talk more about kind of the contribution of gross profit and how we think about that from an outlook perspective.
Albert Miralles: Yes, sure. Thanks, Erik. So look, I would say Q4, I think, is going to be a decent reflection of what we've seen year-to-date, which has been really strong margins, both gross margins and NGOI. Q3 was exceptional. And I think I've called out some of the areas that really drove that, particularly on the product margin side. So I would say it's stay the course pretty much on par with what we've seen for the year, notwithstanding that, again, as we start to see this feathering out of supply, it's conceivable you could see a bit of a moderation on the product margin side. So that's basically been what you've seen year-to-date is low 19s on gross margin and low 8s on NGOI margin may be slightly better.
Albert Miralles: Yes, Keith, I'll take that. So I would -- it varies by channel and obviously varies by products. Certainly, there are pockets where we've had very solid unit growth. And then in some cases where net sales is more bolstered by ASP. And so that's going to vary by channel and by product.  But back to Chris' point, I would say, for the quarter and what we see now, ASPs continue to be firm. But we're certainly cognizant as supply changes, potentially some customer behaviors change, you could maybe see a bit of that easing of that, and that's why we're just being a little bit prudent on the product margin side.
Albert Miralles: Sure, Ruplu. I'll take that. This is Al. Back to my comments on just the components really starting with gross margin and the fact that we would deem the more netted-down categories. Remember, cloud, security, Software as a Service as structural. And my comments there are more kind of over time, but also certainly thematically important in this environment. If you think about what we're talking about there, right? You got a lot of customers that are focused on how do I drive productivity, how do we get to the cloud, how do I reduce my costs. So thematically, structurally, we think there's durability there.  Same thing with services, right? Now we've bolstered and we've made significant investments on services. But also in times like this, this is where our customers look to us, they need assistance more so than ever. So those components really, really important. And then just look to the beyond the gross margin down to NGOI margin, it's important for us that we, just like our customers, remain very diligent and thoughtful about our spend, and we are on the pulse of our customers and what's happening and making sure that both the timing, the size and the criticality of our investments are always top of mind, and that's how we try to manage -- kind of manage the margin profile over time. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Albert Miralles: Yes. Sure, Mark. We continue to not see any evidence of double ordering or canceling. So I would say that just the clarity and the commitment of our customers to the products they originally want and what we're delivering has been pretty solid, pretty seamless. So no concerns there.
Christine Leahy: Shannon, it's Chris. I'll give you some color maybe on the overall PC trends we're seeing. And as expected, overall, the PC environment has moderated a bit versus the robust client device growth in 2021. But that said, our end markets are not synchronized. So looking at the client-device growth across channels, for example, we helped customers with pent-up demand in our government segment in both federal and state and local.  Obviously, K-12 was down as expected, but our other segments, Commercial Healthcare, higher-ed channels, what they saw was upgrade experience, not right now a broad refresh but upgrading of experience, meaning higher-value PCs along with the collaboration tools and automation that helps with that experience.  What I would say is, I can't tell you exactly which channels are going to start picking up their client devices soon, but we are continuing to see the criticality of client devices [Technical Difficulty]. And so at the end of the day, we'll continue to profitably outperform the PC market for several reasons. Number one, as we've said before, there's a very compelling commercial PC opportunity. When you think about the value PCs deliver -- so employee productivity, for example, and use cases and also PC product cycle. We're already seeing some customers who are moving to Windows 11, a number of customers moving to Windows 11, particularly for things like security updates.  And then the natural refresh. We've talked a lot about the aging of devices from 2018, '19, '20, and we'll see those refreshes start to kick in. The other thing is think about the services that CDW wraps around PCs, which are very attractive to our customers. There are massive market opportunity available to us, addressable market opportunities when we think about cross-selling to our Sirius customers and also international.  And then the thing I finally say is that CDW has got the absolute best PC muscle in infrastructure, which has allowed us to outperform the market significantly in the past. And remember, when our partners are looking to move the needle in any arena, they look to CDW to help them do that. So very confident PCs are critical to the future, moderated a bit, but still fundamentally part of the solution customers are looking for.  What I would say is right now, in terms of prioritizing, our customers are largely leaning into their infrastructure, the things that they had not invested in over the last couple of years, so infrastructure, cloud, security, things like that and priority and PCs are a little lower on the priority list.
Christine Leahy: Amit, it's Chris. On small business, it's been interesting. I would just start with the execution from the team. It's a cautious environment for sure, but the team is really helping customers navigate what's become ubiquitous impacts of technology across literally every aspect of their business. And in the small-business arena, like all of our customers right now, there's a focus on mission-critical priorities. And that tends to be software, cloud and security led. And so CDW, with the capabilities we've built within that segment, you'll recall we separated it out about 4, 5 years ago, we bring the full stack, full life cycle support for customers. And we've been able to, over the past several quarters, really nimbly shift towards the solutions that maximize their prior investments and add services to the mix there.  So look, we continue to see momentum behind the strategic execution in small business, and we're really confident in our ability to leverage our broad-solution portfolio and pivot where the customers need us. And that right now is infrastructure solution and modernizing and optimizing and securing their networks.  What I would say also is this notion that technology has become more critical to business strategy is the same in small businesses. It's really no difference there. So thematically, customers are very much prioritizing their technology investments. And while there's pressure on budgets for sure, and customers are being prudent, technology is getting a priority. So the pulse of our customers is pretty strong right now, and we're just staying very close to them in what's top of mind.
Christine Leahy: Yes. Sure, Erik. Here's what I'd say between the 2 calls. And it's the words I just used before, where there's certainly, I'd say, incrementally more pressure on budgets generally for our customers. Look, there's persistent uncertainty out there. And when that happens, there's just pressure. That said, customers are being prudent and what we are seeing consistently is notwithstanding that added scrutiny. Technology is being prioritized because it's reframed from a cost center to an asset of innovation, an enabler of cost efficiency and agility and risk mitigation and resilience and experience. So technology touches everything that drives competitive advantage for our customers. Further, we are continuing to see a scarcity of talent in the market, coupled with the heightened complexity that technology brings and security risks continue to essentially explode. So you have all of that happening in a more pressured budget environment.  The good news for CDW is in those environments, our customers lean even more into CDW. And so the strategy that we've been executing with discipline over the last few years, has created -- has really strengthened our value prop. I would say our value proposition and the broad-based portfolio, particularly of solutions and services has never been stronger. It's never been more relevant. It's never been more resonant with our customers and they can look to us to help them make the best decisions in an unbiased outcome-based way. So I guess the point is more pressure right now, persistent uncertainty, but that actually drives the need for CDW even more.
Christine Leahy: Keith, it's Chris. Yes, I would say on the price increases, first of all, the ubiquitous across the industry. We haven't seen them abate really. We have been able to pass them along. And right now, given the continued supply constraints and the prioritization of technology, we're not expecting to see those abate anytime soon because customers are okay taking those on. We might start to see that sometime in 2023. But for right now, they're holding strong.
Christine Leahy: Yes, Ruplu, I would tell you that it is more mix than demand generated. Really, as we had expected, we have mixed more heavily into netted-down items, even a little bit more than we expected, and that really is the main driver of the pressure on the top line. And that's -- from a deceleration perspective, like I said before, there's pressure. PCs have moderated, as we said. But really, otherwise, we're seeing what I would consider pretty robust demand and performance as a result.
Christine Leahy: Yes, sure. What I would say on that one is I focus in on the U.K., it's a pretty complex environment there right now for all the reasons we know. And I'd say a couple of things. First of all, our position in the market is very similar to CDW U.S. We've got the most broad-based portfolio of solutions and services capabilities. We have customers focusing on the same types of things: digital transformation, security, cloud, collaboration, et cetera. And also the criticality of technology is obviously central to companies and organizations over in the U.K.  That said, it is a tougher environment. And so I would just say that I attribute our ability to perform as well as we have been and in particular, this quarter, which was exceptional performance to the execution of the team and their ability to stay close to their customers, know what their customers need access, supply and provide the professional services at the front end for advice and counseling to ensure the highest return on technology investment. And that trusted adviser rule, you can never underestimate the impact that has on results in a market that is really in. It's very dynamic, I would say. So we expect them to continue to perform well despite the external factors.
Christine Leahy: Yes, sure. On the talent side, I would say, look, everybody is feeling tightness in the labor markets, but our position as the best place to work has been pretty solid for a very long time. And we have not seen length to fill or quality diminish at all. We've been very pleased with our ability to bring in talent. Part of that, I believe, is because it's a great place to work, but equally, the development of our technical talent in particular, is top of the list.  So if you even look this year at the number of certifications has increased dramatically, particularly around cloud services, for example, in security services. So CDW is a place to be if you're a technologist and that bodes well in the market. And as a result, obviously, we've been able to -- it's reflected in the performance. As a result, we've been able to help our customers with talent orchestration where they have talent scarcity and we've been able to staff professional services engagements at a very fast pace. So we're -- look, it's tough, it's a tough market, but we aren't inhibited by it right now, which is great.
Christine Leahy: No, I think it could be a short answer. No, we aren't seeing that slowdown actually. We're seeing cloud continue to accelerate. And I don't need to take through all the reasons for you why that's happening. But look, with regard to our customers, we've got customers who are -- some are just starting the journey to the cloud. Some are on the journey. Some are trying to optimize the cloud. Some are moving optimized cloud and on-prem. And there's just a lot of opportunity to support customers in this journey. But we certainly are not seeing it start to slow down.
Christine Leahy: Yes, good question about labor because it's a pretty dynamic and fluid market. With regard to our own folks, remember that we are a highly variable compensation organization with a significant amount of compensation geared to performance. So that is a positive thing, and it doesn't really put as much pressure on kind of raising cost at the baseline level because there's opportunity on the upside with performance.  With regard to fees for professional services, for example, we do bring those up, like the rest of the industry in line with inflation. And that lags a little bit, right, when you bring it up because you got contracts in place. But so far, customers again, when it's a critical -- and it's a critical project, customers do not back at the expertise they need. It's just you've got your go-to trusted advisers and you're willing to pay for that because, look, there's pressure, and there's a lot at stake in getting the technology right.  In terms of our raises going into next year, performance raises, we're in the middle of evaluating that, and we'll know what we're doing when we get to next year.
Christine Leahy: Okay. Well, thank you, Seb. Let me close by recognizing the incredible dedication and hard work of our nearly 15,000 coworkers around the globe. Their ongoing commitment to serving our customers is what makes us successful. Thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to help you achieve your goals and thank you to those listening for your time and continued interest in CDW. Al and I look forward to talking with you next quarter.
