Thomas E. Richards: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you to report CDW's third quarter 2015 results. Joining me in the room are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Counsel; and Sari Macrie, our VP, Investor Relations. I'll begin with a high-level review of our performance and strategic progress. Ann will take you through a more detailed review of the financials, and then we'll go right to your questions. But before we begin, Sari will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, good morning, Sherri. First of all, thank you. Yeah, we're not going to be that specific truthfully because it would be hard to be precise and I don't want to lead you down a bad path. I would tell you that there's going to be a meaningful addition of coworkers and let me just give you the categories. So you got coworkers, you have marketing investment, you've got systems, all of those kind of things. But I will say that despite all of that, we obviously think the upside is pretty meaningful as I said. And we plan to deliver consistent with the targets we've said to people about adjusted EBITDA, so you should not expect to be what I'll call an aggregate negative relative to the targets we talked about for profitability.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I hope so, Sherri, I hope so. When I think about the length of this process and all of the work that's gone into winning many of those awards, if you will, from a CDW perspective and the time invested, I think it's going to be a function of not only when they finally get what I'll call completed, but then when we have the window of opportunity to implement the solutions in the school districts, I think that will be probably the biggest gauge.
Thomas E. Richards: Hey, Brian. First of all, good morning and second of all, I hope I answer all of those sub-questions that are in there. So I know you'll call me on it if I don't. So let me start down the path and say we do think – obviously, let me start with the big picture. I think it's reasonable to assume over some period of time and I don't know that I can tell you, Brian, exactly when that is when we'll be at full production and it's reasonable to assume that for a large partner that we could take a meaningful part of their channel revenue. So I think all of those are fair assumptions. Your math is the same as ours relative to what 150 basis points will probably mean to us next year. But I can tell you that the business we did have with Dell which really was a couple federal contracts and SKUs on SonicWALL and Wyse was in the $120 million, $130 million, $140 million, $150 million kind of range. So that'll give you one of the reasons why it's not a total incremental lift when you're thinking about next year, which is some of the early press, I think people didn't appreciate that and they were running to these numbers that didn't really understand that obviously you knew a little bit about that. I don't know, did I answer most of those questions? If I missed one, go ahead and ask it again.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, it is. Well, it depends on how long long-term is for me on this question. But as you know, we have some other large partners that are $1 billion. I love the fact that Michael is so excited about CDW and the prospects. But I'd be really hesitant to say, yep, I see it being $1 billion by some timeframe, because there's just so many things. Let me just – suffice it to say, we did it with the expectation that it's going to help us meet a set of customers' needs that we've not been able to address in the past and we think it's going to have a meaningful impact on CDW.
Thomas E. Richards: Bingo. It is they have a much higher – not much higher, they have a higher mix of solutions, which trickles itself all the way down through the business from a profitability perspective and that drives the bottom line number you alluded to. So you're right on target.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, Matt, I would say it's not the new normal. It is the normal for CDW to – if you think about, we've talked about how people are focused here and profitable growth has always been the guide, so to speak. So I think it's normal. If you think about what happens when you see a market and the ASPs drop in the meaningful way they did, and the margin comes out of it, that doesn't mean you're never going to go after that kind of business. There may be strategic reasons. But as a general course, it's just not worth it to chase those kind of deals for the sheer purpose of revenue and that's not the way we focus on CDW. Now, going forward, I think you are always going to be looking at ways to cut the cost so that you can find ways to make those kinds of sales and do it in a profitable way. And I think as we have always done in the past, we will continue to look for those. But we're just not going to be in it for the revenue chase, would be the way I would ask you to think about it.
Thomas E. Richards: All right. So it's another one of those multiple question questions. So let me see. I can comment on your first question which I think was the relationship between Dell and Kelway. It's been a good relationship, very productive. And I think it's a great example of how when Dell is in the lineup with other ones, they have great relationships with the other partners. It's all about focusing on the customer. So I would say that one of the things that we did here when we thought about this was and the sales guys weren't necessarily in love with this, but we added incremental targets to people's book, so to speak, so that you wouldn't have people just doing share shift to make numbers, and I think we've shared that with everybody. I think the second thing we did, Matt, was we were very transparent with people, we talked to people, we explained the fact that this was driven by the number of times where a customer may have standardized on two different technologies, and we have to walk away from half the business. And that's not consistent with CDW. So I think on the whole and on the average, people were – appreciated our transparency. They appreciated the fact that we added the incremental goaling (43:12) to people to drive the behavior you'd want which is not share shift, but grow the business.
Thomas E. Richards: Let me answer the first question. Look, I kind of reinforce the notion is we don't anticipate not meeting the targets you guys have heard from us from an adjusted EBITDA perspective. So that would suggest that we think the growth that we'll get both in revenue and profitability will offset the investment as we move forward. And the second thing, look, I mean I said we're doing this because we think it's a growth catalyst for CDW that's driven around customers. I think it can be a meaningful part of the business. And we've tried to structure it so that there isn't cannibalization. Now, does this suggest that may never happen? Look, I'm not going to be that prescriptive and naïve. But I do believe that we've done this in a way that it should be focused on additional growth to CDW.
Thomas E. Richards: No, I think a lot of it starts with what's important to customers and what customers feel like they need to get addressed. Some of what you're seeing this year is a function of the focus they had on client devices and transactional products last year. I think we actually talked about the way to think about this. They have budgets and when they have priorities that drive a spend, like last year it was a lot of the client refresh, then solution projects get pushed out, and then when you get a new year, you have the ability to have, what I'll call, the balance. We love the balance we have in our business between transaction and solution products. It gives us the ability to constantly be in the mode of helping customers, and as you heard me say in my formal comments, we're in the 52% – 48% perfect balance. And as we think about going forward next year, we've continued to invest in our solutions business as you've heard me talk about, whether it's in the term of coworkers, in the term of the ECC that I mentioned. And so we would continue to expect to see our solutions business growing at a good clip going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. Well, first, Katy, first of all good morning. Second, that's in the annual number that we try to benchmark on, the 200 basis points to 300 basis points, it does jump around, obviously. As you know, there are all kind of mixed signals going on right now about the economy and on one hand you read the facts about GDP was readjusted to what, like 1% or something in the quarter, and then I saw a survey by CIOs that said they had back end funding available. So we're just going on the operating assumption that it's going to be the kind of same kind of growth into the last part of the year that we've seen to this part. Would I love it to be more? No one would be more happy than me. But I think from an assumption standpoint, the 2% to 3% – the 3% growth is about what we expect.
Thomas E. Richards: No. We've got a really meaningful Azure practice today, and growing at a really exciting clip. So I think that is part of our strategy long-term. And while we don't have a formal relationship with AWS today, we have ways with other partners if that's something that's important to a customer, we can help them there. But I think your instincts are correct, as I alluded to the kind of growth numbers we're seeing in our cloud business, Katy, is very much driven by infrastructure-as-a-service and that is right along the lines of the Azure question that you asked.
Thomas E. Richards: No, it was a lumpy – my favorite economic term here, it was a lumpy quarter from a growth perspective and we saw in August it felt like a pause. And I don't know if it was just CDW or a bigger economic issue, and that's really, Jayson, what caused us to say, you know what? We've got existing capacity. This is not talking about Dell and Kelway and that. This is on a pure organic basis. So we're going to just hold where we are. But then we did see a nice comeback in September and dripping into October, so felt pretty good about turning on the faucet again, so to speak. And that's why I'm pretty optimistic we're going to be able to get close to that 100-plus customer-facing coworkers that I've challenged the sales executives to deliver.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. So if you think about – I'll talk about the high-level categories. So NetComm which was – had a really strong quarter and I think that is in part driven by security as people upgrade, what I'll call, the physical part of their security infrastructure. I think that had a lot to do with the NetComm growth. We continue to have good growth in servers and storage in the mid- to high-single digits. I think some of the server growth is by people as we had a program focused on the expiration of 2003 last year. I think when you're engaged in those kind of discussions, whether the customer makes a decision right then or you plant the seed for some future upgrade. We are seeing interestingly enough in the server space, a lot of people taking advantage of upgrading with options, whether it's adding hardware or memory. That helps drive some of that growth, which means that some of the software investment people made in virtualizing and creating an incremental capacity is now being consumed. So that's all kind of goodness. And in the storage space, the, what I'll call, emerging technology people whether it's flash or if you consider CI part of that, those have been great growth engines for us and I think suggest that customers are always on this track to look for more efficient ways to manage the exponential growth in data that just is the nature of the world we live in would be the areas I would say. I also don't want to miss the constant, double-digit growth in our services business, which is an important part of the solutions story. And that's been pretty a Steady Eddie double-digit growth business for us and that's an important part of why solutions has continued to grow.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Thank you again to everybody for taking the time to be with us today, and for your interest in CDW. And I'll leave you with this thought. It's Thanksgiving time, so go hug a turkey, they need it. All right, thanks, everybody. See you.
