Chris Leahy: Good morning, Matt. Yes. It's a good question. We have seen customers elongate the replacement cycle given the uncertain times. I mean you're seeing what we're seeing with hiring freezes and layoffs and things like that. So right now, there's just more pause than we had seen earlier in the year. Eventually, the benefit of enhanced productivity and security from the newer replacements will certainly drive a replacement cycle, but it's not happening right now with the level of uncertainty.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Our forecast contemplates the environment to feel pretty much like it feels now. That's what we've reflected in the forecast. I mean we do expect the PC market to remain larger than it was pre-pandemic. But right now, our forecast reflects the current environment and the current temperature.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Here's what I'd say. I think as we've said for a while now, technology has become more vital to every walk of life into competitive advantage into success, et cetera. And we believe it's going to probably be more resilient to a challenging economic environment. Equally, given our business model and the strength of our portfolio, our ability to capture opportunity in a more difficult environment is pretty strong. But our expectation is for a level of resiliency in the technology space.
Chris Leahy: Ruplu, it's Chris again. I would just add -- let me just add that as we think about the customer behavior more recently, and a lot of folks have been talking about extra signatures, a little more scrutiny, et cetera. Yes, we have been seeing that. We haven't been seeing is a pullback -- wholesale pullback in projects. In fact, those infrastructure projects that we had talked about being delayed a little bit are actually coming to the forefront. Again, back to the technology being essential to all of our customer base. So we are seeing that resiliency as well.
Chris Leahy: Yes. And I would just add, we're never out of the market. We did have a pretty heavy year integrating Sirius, which is an incredibly successful and having an impact in the market. But we're always looking for organizations that can add capabilities in -- broadened capabilities, I should say, in high-growth, high relevance areas and also add scale to those practice areas that we've built if we can add scale at a faster pace, and we think about geography and our global presence. So we're always looking, and it's good to have a solid year of the Sirius integration behind us.
Chris Leahy: Yes. No, it's a very fair question. And I would characterize it this way. We are seeing strong demand in the solutions space. And while we've had some supply feather out, I mean, where it's really moderated is on the client device space, some pockets in solutions but we're still carrying heavy backlog, particularly in NetComm. So the demand that you're seeing reflected in our performance is just that, it's demand, it's not a flow through of backlog.
Chris Leahy: Good morning, Amit. Well, look, I wish I could say that it felt stronger out there. I really do, but that's not what the temperature is that we're feeling. So we build our expectations by listening to our customers. We've got thousands of sellers and technical advisers out there. And it's just the pulse that's coming back to us and looking at industry and partner data, we're feeling that it's going to be flattish. And then the 200 basis points to 300 basis points of premium that we always commit to would be on top of that. In terms of mix, I guess what I would say is we don't calculate in our customer spend versus net sales as an example. But of course, in this kind of environment, as we've explained, when you've got hardware that's more muted and you've got, in our case, netted-down solutions more heavily in the mix, you can expect more meaningful customer spend than the net sales line reflects. But that said, we are right now feeling flattish. Of course, we'll update you as we move through the year, but that's kind of where we feel right now.
Chris Leahy: Okay. Erik, yes, so differences between enterprise and SMB in terms of the process. I would say that the -- look, larger enterprises have a muscle for this and we're dealing with that muscle, and we know how to deal with the muscle. The smaller business, frankly, turn to us for cost evaluation as a trusted partner. And so in some ways, we actually play this avid role with them, which is how do you figure out, where you make adjustments in your technology roadmap to achieve the cost effectiveness. So in terms of the behavior itself, I'd say small and medium-sized businesses are being cautious. Enterprises have kind of kicked in their muscle and they're doing the analysis that they do. But all of that said, we do continue to feel strong demand across all of our segments. Even K-12 that we've talked about, that was a real dynamic in the quarter. We're still very successful with them with network modernization, all the things that have to support the client devices. It's the demand. Demand is okay right now.
Chris Leahy: Yes, Shannon, I'll take that. On the Infrastructure-as-a-Service, that is picking up. Our OEMs have been building that capability over time. And I'd say we've hit an inflection point where customers are eager to learn more and invest primarily enterprise, I would say, is a little stronger than the demand that we've seen in small business. On Device-as-a-Service that's a little more complicated because on the one hand, while it's an obvious of interest type solution. It's more complicated if it's either a lease or it's more complicated than that. And so it hasn't taken off to the extent that one would think, but may in the future.
Chris Leahy: Jim thanks for the question. Well, can I say they're rolling out as they typically do? And sometimes, that includes red tape and not all the things that you expect with government. I mean seriously, there's -- when we think about the federal budget that was passed, we're used to dealing with that, and we know where we can go find the funds. And I think that's been pretty kind of standard operating procedure, if you will. The Infrastructure Act is a little more to figure out where funds that can benefit our customers' vis-à-vis technology that's taking a little bit more time is what I'd say. But it's nothing that is daunting us or nothing that concerns us, frankly.
Chris Leahy: Yes. That's -- that's a great point. The ability to access that funding for more advanced solutions is absolutely there. There's more demand for that versus merely client devices, for example. That's a good point. Security, another one that you tends to thread through all of the funding mechanisms at this point. So yes, that's a good point. And the answer is yes.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Keith, good morning. As we've been doing over the last few years, we've really been targeting our hiring in a couple of areas. It was the high demand, high capability. So think about the sales organization, think about the practice areas like technical specialists and security and cloud, software, the spaces that we've talked about and really targeting those areas. Along with what I would say is technologists and digital specialists for our own evolution of our business. That's really where we've been focusing. In terms of as we come into the back half of the year, just consider that disciplined management of the business. As we look out at the economy, as we see what's happening, we're just being very disciplined in the way that we're approaching our own cost management. And you'll see that in some tempering in our hiring in the back half of the year.
Chris Leahy: Thanks, Adam. Let me just -- let me start with our guide, when our guide is coming versus when some of the other observations about the outlook for the market came out a month or 1.5 months ago. And the pivot that we've talked about in Q4, we started to see more dramatically end of November and into December. So that might be having an impact on how -- on the discrepancies that you're hearing. In terms of the 200 basis points to 300 basis points and the validity of the 200 basis points to 300 basis points, I think that question was the one you were asking, we still view that as our target go get. As we mentioned, Adam, and this might be what you're getting underneath. But as we mentioned, as we think about 2023 and the dynamics that we've seen in the fourth quarter of 2022, continuing into 2023, namely for us, stronger growth in cloud and Software-as-a-Service and security and more muted hardware sales. That does mean that our customer spend will be more meaningfully greater than the number, I think you gave a 2.5% figure. It will be meaningfully greater than that number. So we would look at that outperformance as 200 basis points to 300 basis points plus, if I could put it that way.
Chris Leahy: Thank you, Drew. And let me close by recognizing the incredible dedication and hard work of our 15,100 coworkers around the globe. Your ongoing commitment to serving our customers is what makes us successful. And thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to help you achieve your goals, and thank you to those listening for your time and continued interest in CDW. Al and I look forward to talk to you next quarter.
Al Miralles: Yes. Good morning, Matt. This is Al. We are not seeing -- I would say ASPs in the fourth quarter and ongoing continue to be really firm. And so that is not contemplated in our outlook.
Al Miralles: And good morning, Ruplu. On the -- on your question on seasonality, so first, just look, our outlook is based on the premise, we continue to see strength in software and services and lower growth in terms of hardware overall. With respect to the timing of that, first half, our typical seasonality would be first half 48, 49, we'd expect to maybe be slightly below that in the first half, and that's reflective of that continued slope towards more netted-down revenues and cloud, security, et cetera with the expectation that in the second half, you may see a pickup there, more on the client device. And so second half a bit stronger in terms of top-line impact, if you will.
Al Miralles: Sure. So let me just start with the operating margin. So operating margin, I would most notably point to expectation that we would continue to be somewhat higher on gross margin in 2023 versus 2022. I certainly would not expect that those gross margins would match what we saw in Q4, which was really extraordinary. But I would just start from that square that somewhat higher gross margins in 2023 will certainly drive our NGOI margin, coupled with expectation we'd have some operating leverage there. To your original question on netted-down revenues for the quarter, you're right. Our prepared remarks noted that netted-down revenues grew 26% year-over-year. On a percentage of GP basis, Ruplu, that was 31% in the fourth quarter, so continue to be really strong.
Al Miralles: Let me just start, and then Chris can add on from an M&A perspective. So as you know, our capital priorities reopened both M&A and share repurchase. And the way that I would think about that, as I spoke to that range of our free cash flow of 50% to 75%, we would expect return to shareholders. So if you take the dividend, you can get a sense for what that range would look like. There is a range there because we view that as really optionality for us to tackle between what's going to drive the longest strategic value, including M&A as well as what's going to maximize shareholder return in the more near-term. And so look, both of those options and array of options are available to us. We're certainly back on the path of share repurchases, but M&A is also on horizon as well.
Al Miralles: Good morning, Amit. We are not seeing any level of cancellation or postponements there. The demand on NetComm, and you can see from our reported results, really, really strong. We're not getting a lot of help from a supply perspective, honestly. Extended lead times is still there. Our backlog has not moved substantially really -- our backlog has moved more in client, as Chris suggested, supply is still -- there's still friction there on the NetComm side, but that's notwithstanding really strong written demand.
Al Miralles: Sure. So Erik, obviously, we're within our stated range, and I noted that our new leverage range is 2x to 3x. So certainly, we have room in that regard. And I would say as we think about M&A, certainly, smaller bolt-on as we've certainly done plenty of. We can do that with free cash flow and with our existing net leverage capacity. As we think about things bigger, obviously, we're going to look at what's the best use of our capital, which could include taking on more debt and could include other avenues. I will just note that while our goal is to stay within that investment-grade capital structure. Certainly, from the rating agencies, we get some room there that if you do larger M&A and you go beyond that, you have a grace period, if you will, and you have time that you then get back into that range. So all of that would be contemplated in our calculus as we think about deals.
Al Miralles: Good morning, Shannon. So a few things. One, our -- we talked about our rule of thumb for free cash flow, and we raised that and I would say that's a reflection of our continued improvement and progress on really effectively managing working capital and also a somewhat of an effect or supported by the countercyclical nature of the business. So obviously, as this economic environment kind of moderates a bit, it actually helps from a cash flow perspective. So both of those things kind of in play. Your comment about netted-down or question about netted-down is a good one. It is a bit of a mathematical exercise. But just recall with our netted-down revenues, that while they show up in our net sales net, we're actually collecting gross dollars. So what that does from a cash conversion cycle perspective, it actually has the tendency to increase the DSO, increase DPO given the denominators and the numerator. So the way we think about that is really on a net basis. And can we continue to make progress within that band of high teens, low-20s on cash conversion. So all of those factors we consider as we're managing the business, including the puts and takes relative to our investments in inventory as well as how we manage AR and AP. So that's all part of really a dynamic operating model around working capital, and we're making really good progress on that front.
Al Miralles: Yes. Good morning, Keith. I would say just in terms of broad macro GDP, yes, I'd say flat, maybe slightly down, if you will. And so you get your translation from an IT market perspective with all of the components that we talked about, both our mix and uncertainty as well. Interest rates -- look, I don't know if we have a formal market view on that. Certainly, we make sure that the posture of our capital structure is protecting against that. We do have largely a fixed rate capital structure but we do have a component of our debt that's term loan, that's adjustable rate. And so the way we think about that is the most effective way to manage our interest rate risk is where we see there's risk there that we might pay down that debt a bit faster. You saw that in the fourth quarter, and we'll continue to operate in that regard. And obviously, we think about that in the construct of our overall capital priorities.
Al Miralles: Sure. Thanks, Adam. Look, the most notable thing I would just say is the Q4 was a very extreme period. And so as we look at Q1, you're right, seasonally, we would typically say there would be a contraction to Q1. And I guess what you should take from that is, while thematically, we'd still expect this mix into netted-down and lower transactional, maybe not as extreme as what we saw in Q4 and therefore, with some of that balancing out, we'd expect that we'd have modest growth on the top-line in the first quarter. And then again, a little more modest in terms of the gross margin. So just really kind of a bit of a dampening effect of the extremity that we saw in Q4.
