Thomas E. Richards: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you today to report our second quarter 2018 results. This is an exciting anniversary for us. It's been five years, since our first earnings call after our June 2013 IPO; and once again, we delivered another quarter of strong results. Joining me in the room today are Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy our Chief Revenue Officer; and Sari Macrie, our Vice President, Investor Relations. As is our practice, I'll begin today's call with a brief overview of our results and key drivers. Chris will review customer end-market performance and Collin will take you through a more detailed review of our financial results, capital priorities, and performance targets. Then we'll go right to your questions. But before we begin, Sari will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statements.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. Look, that's a good question. Some of it is just looking at what's in front of us. We've got some pretty challenging comps sitting in front of us. If you think about last year's third quarter, some if it is, you've heard some supply chain things knocking around that could impact client devices or another kind of thing that's kind of out there, staring us in the face, so as we have been thinking about this and we felt this way since the beginning of the year truthfully. We knew that the third quarter would be an interesting challenge, then have some opportunity to make up some ground on the fourth quarter. So, it's really just trying to look at those things, in light of the success we've had on the first half of the year. I think, general consensus, if you look at whether it's adding additional customer facing co-workers or some of the other comments we've made. We feel pretty good about our rhythm of the business. It's just some of those other factors.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. For us, it was shipping. Our ridings, our bookings, whatever term you want to use felt good. We just had some challenges getting stuffs shipped. It was not to the same degree we saw in the fourth quarter, but had kind of similar characteristics, which is why I commented Amit on the confidence we have of the back orders getting out the system. I'd say that was the biggest driver and then a little bit is, for us, a lot of our NetComm growth in the last year or so was in K-12 and they've kind of digested a lot under the E-Rate program. So, I would say, it was really those two factors, which I feel more comfortable when we can articulate what impacted something when I talked in with confidence about our business going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. Matt, I continue to be, I guess a fan of the hybrid answer, because I think customers continue to, want to move workloads around. I think one of the things that we're seeing even more so now is the requirement for flexibility realizing that in any given period you may move workloads around. We do expect continued client growth as you pointed out in our Corporate business, but I also want to make sure that we draw attention to the good performance in solutions. So, it's not just fueled by one particular product category and it's ironic as far as cloud adoption in our business, while federal and state and local recently have become fast growers and adopters. Corporate is the organization that's got the highest volume of cloud solutions for our customers.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. Well, if you think about it Adam, it is a combination of SaaS and Infrastructure as a Service that make up the bulk of the cloud business we do today. If you think about it in terms of workloads, its productivity, its backup, its business analytics, and security are the ones driving the cloud adoption. It continues to be – it had a meaningful high double-digit growth rate in net sales in the quarter. And as you do point out, since so much of that is netted down, you can assume that the gross profit growth is consistent with the sales growth, because they are virtually equal. So, we've been working on this since 2011, Adam, and I think the idea of creating kind of a cloud business unit within CDW, which gives you the ability to concentrate expertise is paying huge dividends for us.
Thomas E. Richards: So, I'll take the first part, Adam. The answer to your last question is, yes. And look, I think we've tried to be really transparent about this. I think demonstrating the UK acquisition and the size of that and obviously our ability to successfully execute post the acquisition, it's a meaningful part of our growth strategy at this point. And there is an interesting reason for the slight change in verbiage. It had to do with I think the verbiage, of course had something accretive and people tended to think that meant immediately accretive versus accretive over the life of the deal, so we tried to get more clarity; but it's interesting when we try to get more clarity, we seem to get more questions along the way. But inorganic growth will continue to be part of our strategy and I think I've been pretty clear about that going forward. It will depend on right situation and we continue to look in the marketplace, but are thrilled with our organic growth along the way.
Thomas E. Richards: I don't know that we have to pay more, because our model is our model, but that doesn't mean we don't have to be more creative and more thoughtful and more focused on bringing people in. While we continue to increase the numbers I don't think the numbers are so big that it overly stresses the system, but I think your instincts are right with the labor market. It is a little harder and requires us to be a little more focused today than maybe four years or five years ago absolutely.
Thomas E. Richards: I would tell you one thing, Shannon. The one area where you do see is when you're not so much hiring the salespeople; but on the technical side, is probably where you see a little more of the cost pressure than on the direct selling organization.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. Okay. So, I do think it's obviously lasting longer than we thought, which has been great. One of the things, I think Chris and her team has pointed out though is an interesting fact is some of what we think is driving, especially in the Corporate space, the client's continued growth is the full employment and that people are going to need more and more client devices to support full employment and so that makes some sense especially for that part of our Corporate world that's in the technology sector, so that would be number one. Then you have some kind of the counter would be, if there is some supply chain shortages. What does that mean? Now, we've been very proactive in that area as far as, this is where we get the leverage, our warehouse and distribution capability, because we can aggressively kind of buy more stock and make sure that we have availability for our customers. So do I think it continues? I think it's proven. It's gone longer than normal. What I'd say, I think you said multiple years. I'm probably not willing to go out on a limb yet and say it's multiple years.
Thomas E. Richards: It did. I think one of the things is when you mix in and out of some segments. Katy, you remember that, those have different margins, had an impact. When you have the really strong software quarter we had on gross profits, that clearly lifted margins in the quarter. I would probably look at those two things as the biggest contributor and then we had as you heard, a really strong servers quarter, which again contributed, so I'd probably put it in those three buckets.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Well, look as you heard, we're doing a pretty controlled introduction. I think one of the things that was really important to us, when you bring on a platform like AWS, and a new partner like AWS, is to ensure that the delivery meets everybody's expectations, not just the customers' but AWS's and CDW's. And so, our experience in doing this now, we tend to say look, let's make sure we get it right and then we'll roll it out to the broader group. Believe me, I've got lots of salespeople in other parts of the organization who are saying why not us, but our goal would be over the next, probably quarter to two is just to ensure we get the right kind of rollout and then probably more broadly in 2019. Regarding the second part of your question, we've continued to add partners to our cloud platform and we'll do so. I think at this point though, digesting AWS and then having the Microsoft Azure product, which has been a great source of growth for us and the AWS product is enough for right now as far as our focus, because one of the things we're careful of is we don't dilute our focus in the marketplace.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. I don't know that I'd say it's a slower rate of adoption, the way I would describe it. I think there is a lot into a growth rate in a given quarter and some of it is the comp from the year before. And so, I don't think it was anything uniquely different. I think the referral business has been a good source of stimulus, if you will, for our UK business. In the case of Canada, they have just started within the last 18 months to really focus on solutions and so you still have a relatively small base, but they've now developed a good track record. So, I think the characteristics Paul are a little different in each. The supply chain issues become a little different in each and the actual composition of solutions are still a little different in each. So, I think that probably is a better way to think about some of the differences you get inside of solutions and as you know more so than the client business the solutions business can be more lumpy because of the size of the projects and I think that's another consideration.
Thomas E. Richards: I don't know. I'd let Chris. I don't think I've heard that and usually I hear just about every reason that exist on the earth if sales aren't as good as they should be, but I haven't heard that one, but now I may after your question. Chris, anything I don't think so.
Thomas E. Richards: So, let me make sure I get this. I think the first answer would be, do we hear about it? Yes. Do I think it's impacted their decision making at this point? No. So, I mean, if you look at our results, it would suggest that while there clearly is a lot of rhetoric out there and everyday it seems like a new bit of news. People seem to continue to focus on their business. So, from that part. And on the second part, we haven't seen what I would call meaningful impact on – as a result of the tariffs at this point, whether it's in increased costs or cost that we can pass along to customers.
Thomas E. Richards: All right. Thank you. Thank you again, everybody for your time this morning and your questions. And I'll leave you with a final thought. For those of you that are parents out there and I'm sure you started your summer with blissful dreams about summer vacations, that now has morphed into to watching the calendar. So hang in there, school starts soon. See you. Thank you.
Christine A. Leahy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. The power of the diversity of our customer end-markets is clearly evident this quarter. Five of our seven U.S. based customer facing end-markets as well as both of our international operations posted top line gains. This more than offset declines in two of our end-markets enabling us to deliver our consolidated 7.6% top line increase. Corporate had an excellent quarter with sales up 10%. Client refresh remained healthy, driven by strong employment and customers' continued use of client devices to drive productivity. This contributed to strong transactions growth for the quarter up mid-teens, very impressive results, given last year's second quarter low double-digit transaction growth. At the same time, the team was generating double-digit transactions growth. They also delivered a mid single-digit increase in solutions as they continued to help customers drive digital transformation into their businesses. While customers are not explicitly pointing to tax reform as the driver of incremental spend, it does feel as though it has spurned corporate customer confidence in the economy to move forward with their existing spending plans. In the Small Business market, confidence remained strong and the team posted a 5% increase in net sales. Client refresh drove a mid single-digit increase in transaction and the team's focus on driving profitable sales drove meaningful product margin improvement. As a segment, public was flat for the quarter. Performance varied across channels and within customer end-markets. Government was down just under 6%. Results were mixed across our two customer end-markets with state and local up and federal down. State and local performance was solid, even as they jumped from tough compares when sales were up nearly 20%, in part from on-boarding and new large state contract last year. Two factors impacted federal performance in the quarter. First, the impact of difficult client device compares given our second quarter 2017's success meeting the Department of Defense mandate to move to Win 10. Second, the impact of timing. Here, we had a double hit with shift into the second quarter of 2017, which you may recall included the shipment of 2016 orders that had been delayed to the Department of Defense and then we had shifts out of the second quarter in 2018 with order delays. Also, given our success helping customers adopt cloud in both government end-markets, solutions delivered to government customers via the cloud more than doubled in each end-markets, which muted top line growth. Education increased 1%. Again, we saw different results from each end-market with Higher Ed up and K-12 down. Higher Ed continued its success maximizing contract capture and client refresh remained strong. As we shared last quarter, K-12 is moving through a transition as school systems digested digital devices and networking investments they have made over the past five years and focus on collaborative learning environment. Although, lapping last year's record breaking Chromebook sales, K-12 delivered growth in transactions. This was offset by declines in networking as schools continues to digest last year's strong networking investment. In addition, as you may recall, in 2016 E-Rate funding was delayed, which pushed spending that typically occurs in the back half of the year into the first half of 2017. Healthcare had another good quarter increasing 6%. Similar to the first quarter, the team helped customers address pent-up demand, primarily in client devices. While the fate of the Affordable Care Act, Medicaid funding and overall reimbursements remained a concern, customers did move forward with projects that they determined needed to be addressed and transactions increased double-digits. Our other results, which reflects Canada and UK combined, increased 34% in U.S. dollars. Both operations continued to deliver exceptional local performance (9:25) increasing more than 25%. Investments made in further refining our go-to-market and growing our Canadian solutions capabilities continue to pay off. We had balanced growth in Canada across both transactions and solutions, both up high-teens in local currency. Once again, UK results came in above expectations. UK had excellent results across both transactions and solutions. Despite looming Brexit decisions, the team continues to execute well in market. They are also doing a great job leveraging our international capabilities to grow outside of the UK, both with UK-based customers and U.S.-based customers. U.S. referral to the UK increased over 30% in the quarter compared to the prior-year. So as you can see our balanced portfolio of customer end-markets delivered a very good top line growth quarter on a consolidated basis. That wraps up the summary, Tom.
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah, Tom, I would just emphasize that as we think about the third quarter, I would think more about the back half of the year, given the shipping delays we've experienced, we're being a little cautious there. And the positive is the cloud acceleration we're seeing in the federal space is really interesting, so I would look at the back of the year and say we're going to have – we expect to have pretty solid business performance, and I say solid business performance because we're overlapping some tremendous comps, so maybe not ecstatic growth rates, but very solid performance.
Christine A. Leahy: Hi, Katy. It's Chris. I'll start and then Tom can add additional color. We continue to see confidence in that market, so I wouldn't read too much into it. One of the key goals as we created the new business unit was to focus on profitable growth and the team did a terrific job this quarter doing just that, including frankly, improving client margins. So, when you think about cloud growth in that area that would mute the top line and how we sell and what we sell and the discipline around that. I think that may have contributed to a slower growth rate, but we were very much focused on profitability, particularly as we grow our eCommerce investments. And we continue to align resources to best deliver cost effective value to our customers. So, I really wouldn't read too much into that from a confidence perspective.
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah, Sherri, I would echo what Tom said earlier and answer those questions with yes. We feel confident in our ability to grow internationally. We have a lot of good things happening, but particularly with Brexit looming, we continue to think about where it would make sense to expand internationally through acquisition, absolutely.
Christine A. Leahy: I wouldn't think of it as a one-off business. There is great momentum in both businesses and I credit the teams there for being very strategically focused on how to grow their businesses and also what I'll call non-glamorous stuff of prescriptively managing the business. As we think about second half of the year, two things, first of all, they're both, they're incredibly high comps over last year, so while we expect them to continue to perform well and drive growth and execute end-market, we do have two incredibly high comps. The other thing is, just the uncertainty in both markets that we're often cautious of, but I would not think about it as one-off. I would think about it as strong momentum on the business based on implementing strategic initiatives quite well and executing end-market prescriptively.
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah. I don't think – we don't provide that data. I can give you a little color and tell you that we are hiring in market in a way that is relative to how the growth is. So, we've been positively growing the co-workers – customer facing co-workers in both of those markets.
