Thomas Richards: I think, Bill, as a starting point, a lot of it's going to depend on how long the client refresh continues. I mean, as you heard Ann talk about, that was one of the drivers when you have that kind of, just growth in the marketplace. We -- people ask me what inning are we in, how long is it going to last? And we do expect to continue not necessarily though as intense as it was in the first quarter to the remaining part of the year. And as it goes back to a more normal distribution, we would expect to see gross profit to follow then. 
Thomas Richards: Well, as we've said, Education is the gift that continues to perform, so to speak. And while we would expect it to continue to grow -- obviously though, it's not going to grow at that rate because we start to lap some pretty amazing performance last year. But with the date still off into the 2015 timeframe, we still have school districts that are in the mode of getting ready. So we do expect it to continue, but I think it would be a little unrealistic to continue at 38%. I would love it, but I think the realist in me says that probably won't happen. 
Thomas Richards: All right, Ben, so a couple of things. One is let's take the PC part first. We do expect there continue to be uplift from the refresh and the expiration of XP. I think the reality that it was going to happen hit people. I think there are people in the marketplace who wondered whether it would happen. And so as we still have customers that are in the process of refreshing their client devices. As I alluded to with Bill's question, I don't know that it will keep the same intensity that it had that first quarter, but I do believe it will continue to be a growth driver for the remainder of the year. And if you look at it, it wasn't just in Education where we had strong PC growth. I mean it really was across the spectrum -- it was gonna [ph] get that, this notion of the balance and having multiple channels. We saw strong growth in our Corporate segment, we saw strong growth in our Public segment with the exception of Federal. So we think that it's going to continue from a growth perspective. As far as other -- then you kind of dipped into what other categories. As you saw in the quarter, we continue to see strong growth in network, which I think kind of fits as people are upgrading their client devices and expanding, you're going to drive traffic, and traffic is going to drive upgrades for networking. We would expect that to continue. And in some of the other -- I think you asked about the servers or storage. We see some interesting dynamics going on in storage. You heard me say that, on the whole, it was flat. But we see this really incredible transition happening where the growth rate of the newer resource [ph] technology is tracking at an exponential rate as people transition to some of the new storage capabilities. I don't know if I got it all because there was a lot in that question... 
Thomas Richards: I think it's more of the former than the latter, Brian. When you come out of a quarter like this, it has an impact on what you think the annual's going to be. And I don't think this is -- I don't think it was just a first quarter phenomenon. As I alluded to earlier, I think you're going to have carryover in people doing the upgrade in the process. So I think that is really the main driver. We are seeing, as you heard my comments, increased confidence in Small Business, which we always kind of look at as kind of an insight as to how people are feeling about the economy. And I think the last comment I'd make was when I talk to myself executives about what was driving the client refresh? The easy answer is to go right to XP, but they will quickly tell you that some of this is customers having a little more confidence in the general economy, and therefore, taking advantage of a refresh opportunity. 
Thomas Richards: We've been pretty constant. I mean if you look at our performance, we didn't see kind of a peak and valley, if you want to put it that way, or valley and peak would be maybe a better way to say it. It's been pretty constant. And the interesting thing for us, Brian, I think is a big differentiator is -- and then it comes back to the balance issue. We saw pretty different performance across data center technologies in the different segments. We -- even though our server revenues were down, we saw 3 or 4 segments that had really strong server growth. And when you go to storage, I think it was actually 4 or 5 segments. So it really seems to be, for us, very segment-driven relative to where people are, what are they focused on. And the last thing I would tell you is I think in our Small Business, it's as much a mind share issue as anything else. It's how many different IT projects can a Small Business person manage at one time? And if the client issue is staring them in the face because of the expiration of XP, they're going to deal with that first. And so I think that will dominate some of the mind share for a while in this modern market. 
Thomas Richards: Well, we have seen the work we've done with Small Business on cloud. That's been happening for multiple quarters now. So it's not a new phenomenon for us. We've -- our cloud portfolio has had really exponential growth rate. Now, it's still relatively Small Business, but the growth rates are just amazing, which suggest that  we're doing a pretty effective job of helping them sort through what different options they have. And then we've got such a broad portfolio of cloud-based solutions, both in the SaaS and IAS and its services and even in our aggregation services, that it gives the customer the ability to pick and choose how they want to construct a cloud-based solution. And I think part of the reason that as you've seen the growth rates improve in Small Business, one of the reasons that the margin has held up really well is because a lot of what Jill and her team have been selling to the Small Business customers, are cloud-based solutions, which as you know, are 100% margin business for us in a lot of cases. So we continue to feel really good about our ability to help customers navigate through that. 
Thomas Richards: Well I think what I said was we're seeing the funds flow now and the allocation process and procurement offices starting to put out contracts. And we did see some pickup in activity in civilian. I do think it's still going to be a multiple quarter process until we see Federal Government begin to be kind of back on an upward trend. We are encouraged by activities because in the Federal market, until you see contracts being let, until you see dollars being specifically allocated to a project, the sales process can't kind of -- the flywheel doesn't fly, so to speak. And we are seeing that now. If you said to me, I would expect -- if you look at the Federal sales process, normally, it's very back-end loaded. It's heavy in the third and fourth quarters. And I would say if we're going to see a recovery, that's when we'll see it. 
Thomas Richards: The answer is yes. And also some of the Converged Infrastructure project that we've been working with the more traditional vendors, but you're on the right track. 
Thomas Richards: It feels product-cycle driven. I mean I think everybody is -- everybody -- a lot of the OEMs are moving to develop those kinds of solutions. And so I think if you look at our customers, this is kind of the second iteration, as I would describe it of efficiency. The first was we did virtualization. We virtualized storage, we virtualized servers. And customers then created incremental capacity by doing that. And now, as they get to the next phase, they're looking at these more efficient storage capabilities to, again, create greater capacity at less cost. So I think it's just the nature of the technology beast, so to speak. 
Thomas Richards: Well it's getting better. They're a little bit covered with some of the Federal budget issues when it comes to Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement. But I was encouraged, quite honestly, in addition to the client refresh to see the networking business grow, because I think that's an indication of people making, what I'll call, investments they're driving themselves versus responding to maybe on expiration of XP. And I think that's a good sign. But again, it's just a couple of quarters here so we're going to remain cautiously optimistic on Healthcare, but do view it as a growth driver this year. 
Thomas Richards: Well, I think they do if you just sell them in isolation. And one of the things that I think has been great about our Education result is it was part of a broader solution. And I think as I've alluded to, as you deploy the Chromebooks, it drives and pressures things like your network. It drives the need for increased security. It drives the need for network management and all of those kinds of things, Jerry, bring higher margins with them. 
Thomas Richards: Okay. Once again, really, really proud of the team's performance this quarter. Again, on our ability to kind of help our customers with what's important to them at any given time in their IT life cycle. And as I always say, if any of you need help with your IT inside of your companies, CDW is absolutely the person you ought to be calling. And let me leave with this, for all of you mothers out there, Happy Mom's Day. All right. Thanks, everybody. 
Ann Ziegler: We've been clear for several quarters that there continues to be pricing pressure in more transactional products, and that continues. And you see the impact of both the mix shift to transactional products and the continued pricing pressure. We don't expect to see that newly rate [ph] in the short term. That end of the IT market has always been subject to pricing pressure. And part of our strategy with a balanced portfolio is to make sure that we continue to invest in the higher margin solutions business to attempt to offset that from a total portfolio basis. 
Ann Ziegler: We look at adjusted SG&A in total as we look at the balance of the year. And we would expect our adjusted SG&A to grow more in line with sales as we move through the remaining 3 quarters than you saw in the first quarter. 
Ann Ziegler: Actually, the next time we have any debt that's callable is our 8% note. And those do not become callable until December. And then the 8.5% notes become callable in April. And there was an opportunistic opportunity to purchase a little bit of the 8.5% notes, and we did that. But absent some other opportunistic buy, we would expect that again, calling notes when they become callable in December and then in April. 
Ann Ziegler: Yes, our CapEx was in line with our normal spending in the quarter. I think you may be picking up a investing cash flow relating to a charitable contribution that was triggered that tied back to the original LBO. And the cash flow for that contribution went out this quarter, and that was picked up in financing cash flow, but CapEx was normal in the quarter. 
