Tom Richards: Thanks, Crystal. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you. Joining me in the room today are and Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Counsel; and Sari Macrie, our VP, Investor Relations. We have a lot to cover this morning, I'll begin with a high level overview of our third quarter performance and outlook, as well as 3 important actions we announced today, a 59% increase of our quarterly dividend, initiation of a $500 million stock repurchase program, and our agreement to acquire a minority stake in a UK based IT solutions provider Kelway. Then Ann will take you through a more detailed results review and share more on our capital strategy priorities and medium-term targets. We'll move quickly through our prepared remarks to ensure we have plenty of time for Q&A. But before we begin, Sari will present the Company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Tom Richards: Well, if you think about it, Bill, this is the second quarter of returning to growth. I think we had a small growth in the second quarter and then obviously strong growth. So it does feel more, as I stated in my formal remarks, normal. We would expect the growth to continue and we are expecting Federal government to continue to be a growth segment for CDW. That's absent any new exogenous factor that could enter the process. But we look at it as it will be returning to a growth segment for CDW. I would tell you that I think, normal, if you go back to what normal was for CDW is that the fourth quarter is typically slower than the third quarter only because you have the end of the year financial flush that we hadn't experienced in the last couple of years and we fortunately did experience this year.
Tom Richards: No, I think what we have been, I think fairly consistent in stating, Bill, is that we look at these things, not so much as just broad roll up, but more looking for tuck-in, or specific opportunities. And in my formal remarks, I talked a little bit about other solution areas where it may be better for CDW either time wise or cost wise to acquire those kind of capabilities than it would be to try to grow them yourself. So, I would not look at this as the launch of a – an aggressive international acquisition strategy, but more so the opportunity to work with a great international partner that's going to help us expand our international capability.
Tom Richards: Good morning, Rich.Rich Kugele – Needham & Company: Thank you. Good morning. A couple of question, well, actually 1 question with 2 parts. Can you just talk about the recovery off of from the storage side and the server side? And in particular, each one have their own dynamics earlier in the year, one being on the storage side where there were some delays and you saw that, certainly a lot of the top vendors were talking about that and then it has recovered, so any color you could provide on that. Then on the server side, obviously there has been the new processor roll out from Intel and others and then you've got the refresh coming next year for post Windows 2003 and later 2008. So those are 2 really interesting areas for investors if you could talk about those areas and the opportunities for CDW.
Tom Richards: No, no, I would say the M&A strategy is strategic from the perspective of continuing to provide capabilities that further cements our relationships with our customers. I think we've demonstrated the ability to grow organically 200 basis points to 300 basis points above the IT market and we would continue to expect that of ourselves.Rich Kugele – Needham & Company: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Tom Richards: Well, I can tell you it was a meaningful part of the business. I'm not sure we're going to share the percentage, if you look at the numbers, but just, interestingly enough though the percentage that came from what I'll call the PC business was again meaningful and you heard me talk about some of the PC growth numbers, but it has declined in each of the last 3 quarters. And so, it's a kind of an interesting phenomenon because it's continuing to grow at a rate much higher than we had experienced in previous years. And the one thing about – to keep in mind about the PC business of CDW is we had growth when the rest of the marketplace wasn't growing, demonstrating the benefits PCs provide for business customers. But the growth clearly over these last 3 quarters, it's – I mean I don't want to say ridiculous, but it's pretty significant. And so it was a meaningful part of the growth for the whole quarter.
Tom Richards: I'll take the first part, look, we don't see any impact truthfully from a negative perspective of the HP decision. We, in today, deal with those 2 groups as separate entities. As far as, excuse me, how they deal with the channel where the investments go. So, we are excited for their change moving forward, but it really won't have an impact on how we operate with them and specifically how we work with customers. And I'll let Ann answer the second question.
Tom Richards: Yes, in the range, you can go to their website and look at information about the company. But they've been working hard on improving profitability and we're excited about the progress that they've made.
Tom Richards: Matt, we knew we were going to get the inning question sometime in this call. Look, I feel a little bit exposed here because I keep saying this thing can't continue and every time I say that this group of people prove me wrong. They have continued to be successful, I would tell you that we just sat with them a week ago and they continue to be pretty bullish, although they know they're addressing or excuse me jumping some pretty meaningful comps in the marketplace. But I think, Matt, there's still runway here, if you look at, I mean just 1 simple lense to look through I think we saw something that said, less than 50% of the people are actually prepared for the Common Core. Now, whether the data is actually adhered to or they get an extension is another thing, but we are still seeing lots of opportunity. The second thing is, the thing that I think it's lot in the success of what the K-12 group has done with the Chromebook is the other business, the infrastructure business that is being generated as a result of us becoming a meaningful provider of the Chromebooks inside for the Common Core curriculum. I can't give you the actual numbers, but I can tell you that the K-12 Group was a leader in a lot of other categories and in the top in servers and in the top of netcomm and software, so it kind of tells you the whole picture that's being created by their success.
Tom Richards: So, Brian, the first one is absolutely confidence. These 18 months, we have had a meaningful number of joint opportunities and they've gone both ways, which has been great pride. There have been opportunities we have brought to Kelway and then Kelway has finished kind of the international. And then the reverse has been true where they've had UK based companies that have had US deployments. So we've had a chance to kind of work through a number of different scenarios. So the thing that in my formal remarks that I would reinforce is, culture is a big part of successful acquisitions and mergers. And the fact that they are so customer focused and driven much like CDW, gives us a really high degree of confidence that as people would like to say, they get it. And so we're excited about that. As far as some of the things you referred to, there are let's just say more than a few opportunities where we think we can share some of our best practices with them. But I would tell you as I also mentioned, there's a few things they've done in the area of their service works product and looking at their hosted and managed services portal and how they have built some capability to help customers manage that and their cloud solutions. That while not maybe necessarily perfectly transferable, those learnings are going to be very valuable to us at CDW.
Tom Richards: Yeah, Brian we absolutely expect to out go to the market by our target of 200 basis points to 300 basis points. Regardless of the comps we hold ourselves accountable for that and we don't let tough comps kind of get in the way of focused on execution. The other thing that is in our favor, if you think of the PC and the success we've had this year as a tailwind that would become a headwind is we've also had market segment that maybe weren't performing as strongly as they have been in the past and that presents new opportunities for us going forward. So, we feel confident that we'll continue to perform and execute at the 200 basis points to 300 basis points kind of minimum range we've been focused on in for the last couple of years.
Tom Richards: Yes, Sherri. Despite the kind of incredible year we've had and another great quarter, I would argue from an addressable market perspective, we're still in the 6% range 5% or 6% range. So, that's 1 of the reasons I can state with confidence that we intend to continue to outgrow the market by 200 basis points to 300 basis points is because pick your number, there is 95% of the addressable market out there that we can continue to go after.
Tom Richards: Matt, truthfully, one of the beauties of CDW's compensation structure is people get paid on margin. So they are every day incented to – I've often said this tongue and cheek they are kind of margin seeking missiles and we're proud of that, out there. So – but look, here is the other side of it. If you're truly in a partnership and a role of a consultant with your customers and customers say right now we've got to do this PC refresh, you're going to do the right thing by the customer in the short run. Because, doing the right thing by the customer in the short run is going to end up meaning, you're going to have the right long-term relationship. And so, I don't feel like we've got to put some extra incentive out there because, our sellers have a long history of going after margin opportunities. Having said that, we have had and continue to have under Ann and the sales executives' responsibility, a number of issues that currently look at how do we improve gross margin. What kind of things can we do, what kind of cost efficiencies can we get in the business, what kind of road block removal can we take out of making sure that we get the best deal possible both for CDW and our customers. So, you should feel comfortable that we've got a long list of things that we have been working on and that we continue to work on to improve gross margin.
Tom Richards: I would tell you, it starts with the third quarter being so exceptionally higher than what our normal trend is. If you look at our growth rates, especially since the beginning of this year, they've been meaningfully higher than kind of the normal CDW trend. So what it does is, it just creates a higher cliff that you're coming off of when you have a 14% growth in the third quarter, which I think it's been a while since we've had that kind of growth.Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Market: Got it. That makes sense and then – I guess everyone started to get the arms around the 2015 model. Maybe if you just talk about in 2014, you guys are outgrowing IT spend about 600 basis points, let's say. How much of that is sustainable market share centric kind of tailwinds versus things like PC that may not exist – that may not help you next year. You just talk about maybe I guess how much of that 600 basis points is something that you can repeat again next year, versus the more …
Tom Richards: Well, I think, if you look at our history, we've been really good at repeating 200 basis points to 300 basis points which is why that's the target we hold ourselves accountable to. And we're always going to be opportunistic and if the opportunity presents itself and that number goes to 400 basis points or in this case this year, 600, we're going to do that. But I think that's been one of the reasons we've had the consistency of performance is because we do feel like our focus, our model, the things I talk about the breadth of our channels, the breadth of our products. And now, adding our international partnership with Kelway is going to give us an opportunity to ensure even if we don't get the PC tailwinds that we'll be able to perform in 200 basis points to 300 basis points beyond the market.Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Market: Perfect, thank you. Operator Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our next question comes from Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Tom Richards: CI, yes. Look, another great growth area for us, continues to be a great opportunity. I think to some degree it will be interesting because tracking CI and you think about the notion of CI. How do you account for that, when you think about servers and storage in year-over-year numbers, we're quite honestly not worried about that, we are just being focused on taking advantage of customers coming to us. And some of those new CI players have been really successful for us in the marketplace.
Tom Richards: The answer is yes, it is similar, it's really 2 categories. It's hosting and managed services, which you know are important parts of our growth profile for our second strategy of expanding solutions capabilities. And so that's another (technical difficulty) we are very excited about the synergies between the 2 companies.
Tom Richards: Okay. First of all, thank you again for your time today. Obviously we're proud and pleased with the quarter that CDW has produced and the new capital allocation priorities that we've announced today, which I think is a signal of our confidence in the business. And lastly, our general excitement about our new partnership with Kelway. And so, let me leave with Thanksgiving thought, don't be a turkey, hug somebody on Thanksgiving. Thanks everybody. See you.
Ann Ziegler: Yes. Then on the ability to top up, the option to acquire control in a 100% begins in June 1 of next year and then continues for 30 months. So again, we think that's an appropriate time that gives us the opportunity to make sure the partnership is working and make an inform decision about whether to acquire 100%.
Ann Ziegler: So, we've been talking about the impact of product mix on the gross margin. And so while we do expect the growth rate of the client, the transactional products to decline, we expect these products, especially the Chromebook to continue to be an important part of our mix. When you think about Q4 as well, we would expect this year to have a greater mix of federal business than we saw last year and that business is also generally lower margin business. In terms of at a higher level, remember, we managed to profitability, EBITDA profitability. And so we plan our SG&A expenses accordingly. So relative to gross margin that we expect [indiscernible]. So, given the recent competitive environment, we are not planning on seeing gross margins expand and we'll keep our eye on SG&A accordingly.
Ann Ziegler: Sure, on the share repurchases, as we approach the leverage ratio that we targeted at the IPO, we thought it was appropriate just to add share repurchases to the tools that we have to deliver shareholder value. The program allows us to do both open market and privately negotiated purchases. And we have 2 goals with our repurchases. One is to offset dilution from incentive compensation programs, and you'll see us begin to do that next year. And the second just to act as an effective tool to help us achieve the new medium-term targets of low double-digit earnings growth.
Ann Ziegler: Now the taxes have gone up this year 2014 versus what we had – what we saw in 2013. We got the benefit of significant deductions related to the IPO and all the refinancing activity in 2013. So we have a higher tax rate this year than we had last year and we expect that higher tax rate to continue basically for marginal rate.
Ann Ziegler: Yeah. I think, what you need to understand is that, while we did have much better solutions growth in the quarter than we've seen in the first half of the year, we continued to have outside growth, even better growth in the transactional business. So you have that mix impact. The other thing you see in this Q3 versus last year is Federal returned to much more normal performance and particularly at the Federal year-end that is lower gross margin business as well. The other thing you have is, things like co-op income, the co-op marketing dollars. They don't scale when our top line grows as on an outsized basis like it has in Q3. Those items don't scale and therefore just, they have a negative mix impact on gross margin as well. So, that's why you see the performance at the gross margin line. We do again, we managed to profitability and the transactional product do have a lower cost to serve if you will. And you do see some of that offset as you move down through SG&A down to EBITDA.
Ann Ziegler: We're looking for – we expect to deliver mid-teens in 2015, consistent with the targets we've set forth at the time of the IPO, and then beginning in 2016, that's when we moved to the low-double digit.
