Christine Leahy: Well good morning, Asiya. It's good to have you on the line. So let me just say with regard to expectations for the last half of the year and this concept of pull forward, look the quarter played out very much as we anticipated with commercial still feeling some pressures due to market sentiment and market caution and public returning to seasonality with somewhat over delivery by our government and education groups. Look if I take a step back and I think about Q2 versus the first -- the second half, let me just say this, I'm encouraged by the tick up that we saw at the end of the second quarter with regard to commercial customers in both activity and sentiment. I am encouraged by public returning to that seasonality that feels much more normalized as compared to pre-COVID for example. I'm encouraged by the fact that our international team notwithstanding sales decline maintained their profitability progress that they're making. I'm encouraged frankly that small business feels like it is not getting any worse. It's kind of hovering around the bottom, it's not getting any better, but it's not getting worse. So there are a lot of things that encourage me. I'm impressed with the execution of this team frankly. They always pull through in tough environments and they did it again. All that said, we are still cautious, we're cautious and we got a one month into the quarter where we felt an uptick, so we're cautious about the back end. And what I would say is, we still believe that we are starting to and will continue to see a mild-to-moderate recovery in the back end and we're holding firm to that. I mentioned K12 and we had a little bit more in the second quarter than we might have anticipated, that's just straddling quarters. That's just a phenomenon, but we're not seeing anything that is causing us to believe that the second half is going to be any different than we're suggesting in our outlook. And we're getting this from our customers with 10,000 plus sales folks and sales professionals and technologists in market, we're getting a real time pull and it feels like a pretty solid outlook to us.
Christine Leahy: Well, good morning Adam, I appreciate that. Look, I'd say a couple of things. The macro environment really had a significant impact on Q1 and Q2, well, Q1 and in the front end of Q2. And when you think about the challenges to our larger commercial customers, in particular, which have an oversized impact on the whole of the business, I would say that, number one, was the first driver. The second is we weren't -- we were anticipating a return to seasonality for the education space and the government space, but as you know, those are really the summertime in the third and fourth quarter, as Al mentioned. So as we sat in Q1, we had a tough economic environment impacting our large commercial customers and our public sector just couldn't quite make it up. What you're seeing now is the benefit of the counter-cyclicality and the difference and diversity of our end markets really coming into full play. So it was and I would call it timing to some extent and the macro environment. I'd also say, Adam, that we are seeing this somewhat of a stability. I'll use the question a little bit of stability. I mentioned client devices are still down, but first quarter of sequential increase in commercial, K-12 is still down, but delivered very nicely in the quarter. And we're starting to see on the commercial side, in particular, a little bit of uptick in sentiment. That's giving us some optimism. And then you had the execution of this team, as you know very well. This team executes like nobody else. And given the change in the market we're seeing happening in back to seasonality, we're just going after it and leveraging our competitive advantages. And customers have been holding off on spending for a long time. So as they start to loosen the reins a little bit, we have been there, and we'll be there for them.
Christine Leahy: Yes. Matt, it's a great question. We've been all asking ourselves this for a long time, when our PC is going to start to come back and that, as we all know, is really tied to the market and projects that are related to growth initiatives within organizations and employment. And look, I think that the farm has not yet been cleared and I don't think our customers yet are on the kind of solid footing of they're ready to open the coffer, so to speak. They're still being incredibly judicious in their spending. They're scrutinizing relentlessly, frankly. And so what we're hearing is more focused around mission critical, and I'll call that more solutions oriented endeavors right now. So it's hard to gauge on the PC refresh and when we'll start to see it come back. That said, look, we all know that the PCs are the productivity tool, right? They're what connect people to the applications. I think we all agree on that. We also know that we've got devices that are sitting old in the system. We talked about K-12 as an example, two to three years old, breakage five times higher than it was pre-pandemic, frankly. And Win 11 is right around the corner. Now you heard us talk about ASPs and customers buying devices that are kind of higher functionality, higher productivity, those would be Win 11 devices. So we do see customers starting to explore the benefits of Win 11, and that's going to set in at some point, and that's going to be a nice tailwind. Whether it will be Q3, Q4, 2024, it feels a little longer term than this year.
Christine Leahy: Yes. So on the networking side, we certainly saw a healthy flush this quarter, and I would say that we had double-digit growth across all of our customer segments, and that was largely due to backlog flush and continuation of network modernization projects. In terms of the movement to cloud and AI, look, I would just say that this is a topic of conversation. I've used the word frenzy before, but it's a topic of conversation and as I said in my prepared remarks, there's a lot of complexity. There are a lot of questions out there. What will it drive? And what I would just say, Matt is, look, the benefit of our broad portfolio and the investments we've made across high growth type solutions areas as well as the services capabilities in particular, position us well to support customers wherever they are on the IT spectrum and whatever they're buying. So in any case, I do really see the customer decisions benefiting CDW because we'll benefit them with the portfolio and our capabilities.
Christine Leahy: Yes. Let me start, Erik, with you know that we're a price plus model, right? So you're familiar with that model. If the prices, the OEM prices go up, we're usually passing that on to the customer, but let me set that that aside for a second. Let me -- I would characterize it as follows. I would say that pricing is holding fairly firm in an intensely competitive market. And I'd say that and give credit to the team that is reflecting to the customer the value that the CDW is delivering. But I will acknowledge that we're in a very intensely competitive environment. And when you think about the levels of scrutiny and all the things we've talked about in terms of purchasing processes right now, there's a lot of getting it out. That said, ASPs are holding pretty firm for CDW and what happens in the second half, I would expect the market to remain competitive. But I would expect also that the value that we, for example, wrap around client devices when they come back more robustly, that really resonates with customers, and I would expect us to hold ASPs pretty darn firm.
Christine Leahy: Yes. I mean, Samik, that would be some of it. We think about activity, right? We think about quoting. We think about the activity we track in our CRM system. We think about, obviously, invoicing and writings. But we -- all of those activities with the customer is what drives our kind of pipeline analysis to inform what is coming and what we think is coming down the pipe. So back to those kind of mission critical, we are starting to see some of those loosen up, which means writing around those are ticking up slightly across the full stack related to solutions, for example. So the answer is, yes. It's about the activity that we triangulate with the customers and the conversations we're having.
Christine Leahy: Yes. It's a fair question. Here's how I think about network modernization. There is a lot that is driving a continuous need for network modernization. Take any of the segments or customer end markets, higher and it's all about willing students, which means it's all about experience, which means their network has to be improved. When you think about kind of leveling into a hybrid work or back to work, that has major network requirements. It's basically if you tickle AI, frankly, as you're thinking about consulting and advising customers around AI use cases, that has network upgrade, if you will, modernization requirements. As we think about a refresh coming down the pike, that's going to have upgrade requirements. Our classrooms definitely are focused on modernization. So while the backlog was quite helpful to results this quarter, I don't expect that we're going to see network modernization dramatically slowdown in the near-term given the needs.
Christine Leahy: Yes. Sure, good morning Shannon. Yes, I guess when we think about AI, we think very simply two parts, two sides. First is the catalyst for CDW to accelerate and expand our own internal use cases, obviously. And then it's an opportunity to evolve our -- help our customers evolve using our services capabilities and transaction capabilities. It might sound very simplistic, but I'll tell you the way that we think about it is putting tools in the hands of coworkers and customers and taking the work out of the hands of coworkers and customers. I mean, it really does fall into those two buckets. And CDW's full stack approach allows us to help customers across the entire value chain from what I'll call the base to the tip. So think advisory services, right? And think applications, think modeling and tools, think computing and data structure that's required to run on all of that. And we are having conversations, I would say, on the advisory level, it's essentially its assessment, AI maturity, how do you use AI instances? How do you use data models? Do I want to use a private or [indiscernible], it's basically some of the basics. Application level, it's around the embedded AI tools that are there or coming and ensuring customers understand the benefits that they can accrue and then helping them consume and use those benefits and then modeling in tools and obviously, infrastructure required and the tools to create the use cases. You asked about particular industries. Look, I'd say contact center is a huge use case and it was a fast pickup in a number of industries, including financial services, retail, et cetera. We've seen a lot of activity there. Then you think about things like marketing transformation. You think about things like knowledge assistance and customer assistance. Those are the types of use cases that we're talking actively with customers about right now and that's really across industry. So think customer assistance, think retail, think food, think knowledge assistance, think financial services, et cetera. But those are the buckets that we're really starting to have conversations about in addition to what I would say more proprietary conversations with customers about specific ways that they can monetize, specific to their industry or to their organization. So that's what we're seeing right now. There's a lot of discussion, a lot of -- go ahead. Go ahead, Shannon.
Christine Leahy: Yes. Here's what I'd say about that. I would continue to think that our customers are at the front end of this discussion. We certainly have some, as I said, in a number with contact centers where we've already implemented solutions, and they're reaping the benefits. I think in the middle of the year right now, given the environment we're in, customers are not prepared to increase budgets as a result of AI for 2024 yet because we're in the midst of planning what their -- helping them plan what their 2024 looks like. Do I think over the last, over the next six to 18 months, customers are really going to understand the tremendous benefit? I call it evolutionary -- evolutional. It's transformative. It really is one of those technologies that is going to massively change how companies operate and the benefits they accrue. But I think we're going to have to wait and see a little bit longer to understand what that opportunity looks like and when it's going to come to fruition. But it will be there, in our view. It will absolutely be there.
Christine Leahy: Yes, sure. So both of the acquisitions were relatively small, didn't have a material impact on the financials, but I would be -- I would say, strategically write-down the fairway in our sweet spot. So the first one that I think that you're thinking of is Locus, which is a consulting company, and they're in what we call our talent orchestration space. So they help us to basically provide professional and managed services engineers so they expand our technical talent base period to end. And it's a way to have I'll call it, kind of a flexible burstable model across our technology resources. Locus actually doubled the size of that business in one fell swoop, and we're really delighted where actually we've seen very significant success, almost right out of the bat with Locus because we've been able to fill talent needs and talent orchestration needs with customers even more quickly around all of the important areas like networking cloud and security. Enquizit is the other one, the acquisition we made recently, also very exciting. They're AWS Premier Cloud, a service provider in the government and education and not for profit space. And they complement our existing digital velocity team. Think of what Enquizit does as professional services around application modernization and cloud migration. And they also have a proprietary tool that combines professional services with IP, which helps automate the migration process. So it's very unique to Enquizit and so far, that's gained a lot of traction in our federal space. So, two great acquisitions that we were delighted to bring into the family and already paying dividends.
Christine Leahy: Thank you. And I want to recognize before we close the incredible dedication of our coworkers around the globe and their extraordinary commitment serving our customers, our partners and all CDW stakeholders. You show the power of execution excellence every day and in every way. And thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to serve you and to our investors and analysts participating in this call, we appreciate you and your continued interest in and support of CDW. Al and I look forward to talking with you again next year. Signing off from [indiscernible]
Albert Miralles: And Asiya, maybe I would just put this is out, maybe just add the just kind of to give you the technical component with our Q2 delivery and kind of allocation across the channels, Q3 would essentially look seasonal, that is obviously it's the seasonal peak for public, and we'd expect that would play out. And what we experienced from the commercial channels for Q3 would look much like Q2. So when we think about that pickup of activity, modest recovery, probably a little bit more weighted towards Q4 in those segments that have been softer in the last few quarters.
Albert Miralles: Yes, great question. So we've had -- look, we've had a good run of four plus quarters on the free cash flow generation side. And look, driven by strong cash profits, Asiya, but also by pretty diligent management of working capital in an environment that's been challenging. And I say look, on an evergreen basis, you'd expect that we will continue to be judicious about working capital, but certainly, there's a countercyclical component to this. And so as the environment has been a bit softer, we've been tighter in that regard. As we look to the second half and we look to pick up, and particularly in the transactional side, it's reasonable to believe that there'd be a bit of a more pull on our working capital in the second half. And notably, you'll see from our cash conversion that much of that favorability has come on the inventory side. So we're trying to make a little space for an expectation of pulling a bit more on working capital in the second half. That being said, for the full year, we gave you a refreshed rule of thumb of 4 to 4.5, and we expect it will come out for the full year at 5. And then just to your latter point on M&A and otherwise, look, we're going to utilize our capital where we see best, both supporting our strategic objectives, but also where the best relative value is.
Albert Miralles: Yes, sure. Thanks, Adam, for the question. You're right, Q2 is really strong and particularly in public segment. All of the data that we see in the pipeline that we evaluate ongoing would suggest there's continued strength there. And I'd say, notably, in the government side and as well higher end that really had strong performance in the quarter. We mentioned, Adam, that K-12 had some, I'll call it, kind of summer seasonal pickup in activity, which some of which we might typically see kind of straddle over to Q3. So there's probably a little bit of that showed up in Q2, but modest enough that we feel comfortable holding to the expectation of seasonal uptick in public overall.
Albert Miralles: Yes. I would just echo Chris' versus comments there and just say, Amit that, look, we had called for in the last quarter a modest recovery based on the information we had at that time. Q2 did come in a bit stronger. We're now effectively saying Q3 looks seasonal, and Q4 ultimately look above seasonal on that expectation of a pickup. And so there are still plenty of puts and takes that could call that into question, but we're comfortable overall with what we're seeing and kind of all of the data that we evaluate. That pickup is appropriate, but certainly wouldn't expect at this point that it's going to be much more of a churn than that.
Albert Miralles: Yes, sure, Amit. So you're right. Look, 2022, we ended 2022 with gross margins of just shy of 20%, which were new record levels, and we're up from there. if I had to parse it kind of year-over-year Amit, I think it's both a combination of, I'll call it, kind of thematic components of netted down revenue and that continued growth there, right? So particularly focused in cloud, SaaS, security, if you will. So we do think there are durable themes there. But there have also been factors driven by both mix and rate. So on the mix side, obviously, the tough environment has shifted more customer spend into solutions, which come at and services, which come at higher margin. So we have good reason to believe that, that could/would balance out over time. And when that does and particularly with client on it, you could see some moderation there. And then on the rate side, look, I've talked a couple of quarters now about product margins being firm and they've held up and even in this quarter, continue to hold up, and some of that is, I'd say a more durable theme from all indications of customers going a bit up market in terms of kind of products, but also, it's just been a really firm environment, I think, substantially driven by supply chain. So there are some of the puts and takes. So look, we feel good overall. We're holding to our NUI [ph] margin of 9% for the full year, but it's reasonable to expect that you could soften a bit here on gross margin.
Albert Miralles: And Samik, this is Al. Just to maybe add one thing. What we experienced with the backlog with NetComm in the quarter was what we would call pretty orderly. We have been saying we expected that backlog would work its way down, and it did. So while it contributed to the performance for NetComm, certainly underneath there, there's still continued written demand, as Chris suggested.
