Collin Kebo: Yes. Adam, there were -- if I understand your question, I think it was, why wasn't there more deleverage? There were a couple things that helped us in the quarter that I touched on in my prepared remarks. One was on the credit loss reserve. We ended up not booking any bad debt expense in the quarter. We just drew down against the reserve that we had previously established, and in fact, released a little bit of it just because of receivables balance had wound down. The second thing that happened in the quarter is we did true-up our performance based compensation accruals, based on full year estimates, and we took a half a year's benefit in the second quarter. So, I wouldn't expect those two things to continue as we move through the balance of the year.
Collin Kebo: Sure. Amit, I can start on that one. Product margin held up pretty well, and we did get some benefit from mixing into software as a service. On the product margin within there, I would say in a supply constrained environment in particular categories, the margins can be a little bit firmer. And then within products, there's mix. So, for example, desktops happened to be weak in the quarter, they tend to be lower margin. So, within that product, we did see some lower margin. I think in terms of the outlook, as always difficult to predict because there are a lot of moving factors. I did say in my prepared comments that I do think that we will mix more into public as we move into the back-half of the year. Q3 is typically a seasonally strong quarter for both government and education. And given what's happening in education today, I would expect it to be quite strong. And then, where we do see a little bit more firmness on the commercial side of the business tends to be in the larger, better capitalized customers, which tend to have a little thinner margin. So, we were pleased with margin performance in the quarter, just cautious as we think about it over the back-half of the year.
Collin Kebo: Yes, the only thing I was going to add is, and I think you know this. When you look at industry data points, you just need to make sure you're comparing apples to apples at what point in the supply chain you're measuring. So, I think some of those industry sources are OEM shipments into the channel and distributors and retailers and others like that. So, there's a little bit of the lag in that. Obviously, we saw very strong growth in client devices in the first quarter and in April as we shift against our backlog. So some of these shipments you're seeing are effectively replenishing lower levels of inventory further downstream in the supply chain that had been pretty well depleted.
Collin Kebo: Just to clarify, I think what I was trying to do in my comments was particularly the commercial side of the business in corporate and small business give an indication of the peak decline we saw in the second quarter. So in May or June, those writings declined over 20% in both corporate and small business. What we're seeing in the month of July is that they are not as negative as those peak declines we saw earlier. So, it's a relative to what we had been seeing in the business statement.
Collin Kebo: Yes. I mean, we're not going to provide a specific guide on SG&A. As you know, we do have a variable cost structure. So there are elements of it, variable sales compensation that will move with our gross profit. And then we have put hiring restrictions in place and continue to let attrition run, so that'll add a little bit of variability. And then we've taken other cost savings measures. And the other point I would make Ruplu is, we are not managing to a short-term SG&A target here, as I think we've been communicating pretty consistently. We do think that this is an opportunity to invest and get stronger in this. And so, we're going to take a balanced approach and that we are going to continue to invest both in CapEx and OpEx. But having said all that, we are mindful of the demand environment, and we’ll take a balanced approach and ensure we have an appropriate cost structure.
Collin Kebo: Yes. We are seeing customers, particularly those who are looking to save cash move into shorter duration maintenance contracts, as opposed to going to multi-years, those that are paying on for software a number of seats and things like that, looking at true-ups and things like that. It’s difficult to compare to previous times, Shannon. I think back in 2009, we saw a similar behavior and then when we experienced a bit of a slowdown in the ’15 ’16 period, we saw customer sweating assets at that point in time. Maybe a little bit more pronounced today than it was back in ’15 ’16, but I think that’s logical just given the severity of the crisis relative to the slowdown we saw back then.
Collin Kebo: Yes. Ted, I would just add, I mean, it's difficult in this environment, particularly for the most challenged customers who are looking to preserve liquidity, they're pulling back. So, they may not be spending period versus not spending with CDW. I think in an environment like this, consistent with our remarks, we are staying in front of our customers, even those that may not be spending. And I think if there's wallet to be had, we're getting our fair share of that.
Collin Kebo: Yes. When you say the note, you mean the notes we issued in April, those were for general corporate purposes to enhance our liquidity as well as to make sure we have sufficient working capital to support our customers. I would say one act area that we're very active in is working with our customers and helping them understand the variety of vendor partner financing programs that are out there. And that's where we start and many of our OEMs have been quite aggressive in terms of providing attractive financing, and we are seeing a pretty material uptake on that from our customers. So, the nice thing about that is, it doesn't flow through our financials. As I mentioned, there are some instances though, where we are investing in inventory for customers, or have seen terms pick up a bit and that's where you would see it in our working capital.
Collin Kebo: Yes. In terms of prioritization, liquidity is our top priority, but we have $2 billion of it. So, we feel really good about where we are. The dividend is a priority. We just declared that. And again, given the cash flow generation capability of the business, feel good about that. We're below our target leverage, sitting at 2 times. So our next priority is M&A. And so, if we find the right opportunity at the right price, we'll take the opportunity to enhance our competitive position in this environment.
Collin Kebo: I mean, we're not going to -- in normal times, we wouldn't guide by channel, and certainly in the current environment, we're not going to. I think you can tell from our comments on the second quarter and writings and comments about where we think the mid-business is going to mix into the second-half of the year, that the demand is more resilient on the public side, particularly federal government education. You did call out Chromebooks. We are keeping an eye on that. Supply is tight there, given the extraordinary demand. And that's a little bit of a wild card that we've see in the third or fourth quarter. But given the breadth of our vendor partners and our scale, we think we'll be able to manage that as well as anyone. Not that there may not be disruption, but in terms of customers looking for supply, we think CDW can help them given our multi vendors. We're also having conversations with customers around alternative processors and things like that. So we're doing what we can to get creative, to get supply for our customers to help them through the Chromebook shortage.
Collin Kebo: Yes, I mean, in terms of writings, I think the commentary we provided on writings for small business gives you a good overview of the demand environment. Obviously, within that you have industries that are relatively stronger, and those are a little bit more challenged. And even within industries, you have some winners and losers. On the cash collections front, I would say we were generally pleased with the pace of cash collections from our commercial customers, including our small business customers. We do have a long tail of small customers that we're keeping an eye on that portion of the credit portfolio. But, overall, I would say the collections held up reasonably well in the quarter.
Collin Kebo: Yes. In terms of working capital, I think one of the dynamics you would expect to see is when the business shrinks that we would liquidate some working capital, and you did see that dynamic play out in the quarter. That was partially offset though, by seeing the cash conversion cycle tick up a bit. I think the other thing to keep in mind as you think about free cash flow, we did get some timing favorability in terms of cash taxes. We didn't make a payment in the second quarter and historically, it's one of our biggest quarterly payments, and that reversed a little bit. In terms of CapEx, you're right, it is a little bit heavier, front end loaded this year. You might recall that some of the Census devices that we procure for our device as a service offering or running through CapEx. With all of those devices out in the field, now we are virtually done with additional capital expenditures for the Census. So, those are some things to think about and the puts and takes of free cash flow and working capital.
Chris Leahy: Hi, Matt. Sure. I'm pausing for a bit because, it's such a tapestry out there of customers. We have obviously diversified customer end markets. And even within the end markets very diversified customer base. So, if you take corporate for example, across industry across geography, and different areas are getting hit differently, so different geographies. You guys know oil and gas in the south suffering a little some of those customers. You've got tech in the West, not suffering as much. You've got the virus resurgence in some areas, and the concerns about retreating back to stay-at-home orders. So, there's a number of layers that various customers are dealing with. And what I would say is it's hard to paint a picture, a single picture of where IT budgets are going. That said, we are having robust conversations with all of our customers, those that are spending today and those who are planning tomorrow. So, how budgets work? It's really going to be a reflection on the economy in this health crisis, which we continue to believe is just unpredictable. There's not a lot of visibility there. That said and back to your writings question, we watch writings daily and weekly. And we've had a couple of weeks of stability, as I said. But it can also be a little bit volatile. So, we watch it very carefully, that will typically turn into revenue in the next 30 to 60 days is how we think about the impact of the timing. But what I would leave you with is, technology is the top of everybody's minds. And for those customers that are focused on just surviving, they've got rent to pay, they've got payroll to pay. They're not going to be paying for IT right now. But we are talking with those customers about what's to come in the next quarter and beyond.
Chris Leahy: Yes, that's a fair question. I think, at a high level, Matt, what we've seen is a real refocus on the urgency of remote work, optimizing employees working remotely, really bolstering those capabilities over the last couple of quarters. At the same time, we absolutely are seeing acceleration in discussions towards cloud and moving towards the cloud. In terms of on-prem, we've said and we'll say it again, that we believe that there's going to be a hybrid world out there. It continues to be a hybrid world. And we're having those kinds of conversations with our customers. So, assessing options for cloud, what to migrate, how to migrate, what cloud vendors to choose. The good news is we've got the ability to help our customers through cloud deployments, and then manage once they're up and running. But we still think there's going to be a lot of on-prem opportunity going forward. It's going to be more of a multi cloud hybrid cloud situation.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Amit, I was just going to say, in the supply chain, we are seeing some delays, particularly in the lower end Chromebook space. So that will make its way through the supply chain over the next few months. But that's happening as well.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Katy, I’ll start. I think what we see is there a variety of data points around GDP and IT growth. What I would say is we do expect ourselves -- we do hold ourselves accountable to outgrow the market by a meaningful amount. As you know, typically when we have a more robust environment and we are selling more hardware, which we recognize at the topline, that's when we tend to outgrow by the 200 to 300, sometimes higher basis points. When it's in an environment that's more like the one we're in recessionary and customers are doing things like extending the useful life of their assets, with warranties that net down and other things that are netted down, we will continue to outpace the market, but typically it's by a slightly lower margin, 100 to 200, 250 basis points.
Chris Leahy: We don't have a collective view that we're sharing. There are so many data points out there that are so desperate. I mean there's such a wide variation that we're listening to our customers and just taking every opportunity to help serve them and grow our business where we can, and support our customers so that they can grow coming out of this recession.
Chris Leahy: Good morning, Ruplu. Thanks for the question. And I would say the trends are playing out, as we expected and as we shared with you. You remember last recession 2009, we talked through what we saw there. And it was a faster reaction by our small and medium sized businesses. In particular, they reacted more quickly to the economic downturn. And that is what we saw here. Now we have, as I mentioned, a diversified customer base even within small and corporate. And so, even within that, we saw some of the customers in certain industries, hospitality and things like that, who were suffering a little more, others who were actually being very aggressive in their strategies. The other thing is when you think about, as I mentioned, the uniqueness of what we're going through with the virus, and the fits and starts if you will, in different geographies, that's also tending to have an impact on our customers. But all of that said, I'd say that the trends played out as we expected. Look, small business channels are going to be impacted by economics, and they're going to focus on what they need to do to survive first and then invest for the future. So, what I'd say is it's really affirms our business diversification strategy, and provide optimism and the competence of our business model. If you think about what we were able to deliver, our free cash flow through the year is at $470 million. We've paid our dividend. We're continuing to invest in the evolution of CDW going forward. We've got other customer segments that are going very strong, given the demand in the market. And I'm really proud of how the team is managing through this.
Chris Leahy: Shannon, I would just add that our managed services capabilities are more robust now. And so, these conversations with customers in terms of service contracts and potentially shortening them have also led to some robust conversations about managed services and some wins for us in managed services as a result of those conversations.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Shannon, on the education side K-12 in particular, they are accessing funding and we’re helping them with that. So funds are flowing. And they are really all hands on deck, trying to get devices into the hands of students. And so, there’s a lot of activity there regarding client devices, remote enablement as well as what we call kind of broadcasting from the school. It’s very complicated and we had a highly seasoned sales organization that works with the schools. But the breadth of the solutions that we’re looking for are fulsome as I mentioned in my remarks, all the way from thermal scanning and sanitation stations to dividers and carts and things that CDW can just help them provide, so that they have kind of turnkey solutions. But there is strong demand to get the kids in the classroom environment, whether virtual or hybrid as quickly as possible. So, there’s a lot of pressure there and they are accessing funds. In higher ed, we’re seeing some falls on the budget side. Obviously, they've got concerns around various revenue streams. And the solutions provided in the business there in terms of on campus robust network support, et cetera has been falling a little bit. But we are starting to see a pick up when it comes to remote enablement and devices and would expect that to continue as the school gets sorted out, coming into this September-October timeframe. In terms of the timing of funds flowing through, I don’t have a particular timeframe that I would know how to share, But I would say, they’re moving a little faster than I would have expected in some areas. And again, our teams are really excited, figuring out where they’re going to flow, how they’re going to flow and how to make sure you write up the order so that the funds can apply. But they are flowing, and I would expect the same would happen with any new build that we see that makes it true.
Chris Leahy: Hi. Ted. Yes. On acquisition and new clients, we haven't really shared specific information about numbers of acquisition and penetration rate. But I would say that it has not been relatively harder, because we are remote. Because we've moved all of our marketing, for example, to digital channels. So, we're reaching more customers and we're reaching more people within customers, and taking the opportunity to follow-up. So, we've, retooled how we put together acquisition programs to be as effective as possible. Our sellers are really quite amazing in their ability to connect with people and develop relationships, virtually. And as I did mention, we do have sellers who are now more out in the field with customers as well. But I've been really pleased with how they've been able to transition and the aggressiveness or the assertiveness and the success with our acquisition programs right now. And the second question, Ted, was around retention. Yes, we don't -- that's not a number that we share. But I would say that the customer satisfaction in this current environment has been really quite high, what we measure from the satisfaction perspective.
Chris Leahy: Hi, Matt. Yes, there are concerns. Certainly, we talked about that in the last call budget concerns. But again, we are finding that in the state and local area. Budgets are being prioritized against IT initiatives, both work from home and also that various projects, government e-projects that are in flight. The hope and expectation is we will see in a stimulus package some sort of relief for state and local governments. And again, we hope that governments figure out where to get that. But they are struggling a bit now, but continuing to spend on the IT needs that's been prioritized and essential for their workforce and for their mission.
Chris Leahy: I do, Matt. Look, healthcare literally caused the global pandemic virus, and protected all of us and has been protecting all of us. But, they've been forced to see revenue generating businesses or at least diminish them. And I'm confident, given the demographic trends and changes that have already taken place regarding loosening regulations and accelerating digital transformation, that it will result in a strong recovery and long-term growth in the healthcare end market. And we are having extensive conversations with our healthcare systems around virtual care, across all spectrums. You've got telehealth and telemedicine, virtual rounding, you've got remote patient monitoring and then you've got enhanced patient monitoring in places like the ICU. And all of those require slightly different sorts of solutions. And we are building those out for some customers already. But I do see that as a long-term positive trend.
Chris Leahy: Well, we just -- I'll start and Collin, you can jump in if you like. Yes, we just did an acquisition of IGNW, and that's made of cloud services provider. That's a great example of investing our capital behind our strategy of developing the solutions and services that our customers need now and in the future. So, we absolutely will continue to look at potential targets. And we're very active in inbounds, we're very active in outbound. And this organization IGNW like Aptris is a partner that CDW had worked with some time. So, we got to know them very well. We got to know the people and the quality and the culture and their capabilities. So, we will continue to look in the market for opportunistic acquisitions.
Chris Leahy: Okay. Thank you. I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge the many continued challenges due to COVID-19, and to recognize the extraordinary sacrifices and contributions being made by so many who are devoting themselves to serving others. I also want to recognize the remarkable dedication of our co-workers around the globe, and their extraordinary commitment to serving our customers, our partners and all CDW stakeholders. They continuously impressed me, and reaffirm my conviction that we will emerge stronger from this. Thank you. And thank you to our customers for the privilege and the opportunity to serve you during these times. To our investors and analysts participating in this call, we appreciate you and your continued interest in and support of CDW. Collin and I look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
