Christine Leahy: Good morning, Samik. Thanks for the question. And I would say just the short answer is yes. We are seeing our customers rely more heavily on us in the labor shortage world we're in. We've said often that technology has become just absolutely essential, more integral to our customers' success and more vital to their businesses, whether it is delivering experience, whether it is profitability, whether it's teaching kids, whether it's providing health care. It is just essential to what organizations do, and CDW is their trusted adviser. And we are continuing to see our customers lean into us more for some of the things that we referenced in our prepared remarks, for example, advisory services on the front-end professional services as they're going through their disciplined planning, et cetera. But equally, relieving their staffs of important management, like data center security and things like that. So it's been a very positive move for us and is driving some of our growth.
Christine Leahy: Yes, I'll start with that. Al can add, if you'd like. I would tell you that – look, we don't expect supply constraints to meaningfully change beyond what we've experienced in the first half of the year as we look to the back half of the year. I mean it's still, I'd call it, what's the best word, choppy. We're seeing pockets of pressure and pockets of improvement. As I mentioned in my remarks, I'd tell you, we kind of a tick down, which is barely negligible. So not expecting any necessarily meaningful change in the back half of the year. But for us, that means we just continue to navigate and press our competitive advantages and navigate as we have been through these past several years. And that's what I say about the supply chain.
Christine Leahy: Yes, sure, Erik. Again, the answer is yes, some of these short answers. The answer is yes. We certainly perceive and – look, we have historically been well positioned and outperformed the market and our peers in challenging macro environments. And we would expect that to be similar going forward. In fact, I would say that we are better positioned now than ever to be opportunistic in down markets given the full spectrum of our technology solutions. For our customers now needing a trusted adviser that can – that brings the comprehensive suite of solutions in the complete end-to-end services is required has become more integral and more essential to how they do business. And so the answer is yes, we would intend to press our competitive advantages and we see great opportunity. And that's been part of what we've been really focused on building over the past couple of years through executing our strategy and ensuring that our portfolio is fulsome and has the services that are relevant to delivering on the solutions our customers need.
Christine Leahy: Yes, I guess here's how I characterize it. With the context of the last couple of years, where I'd say your normal purchasing process kind of was put aside a little bit, I would just say that we're kind of back to a normalized disciplined buying process. And I wouldn't characterize it beyond that. And as I said earlier, that's actually good for CDW because we're a trusted adviser and can help our customers make the best, most cost-effective, most effective decisions in the process.
Christine Leahy: Good morning, Ruplu. Let me start with small business. And look, we're pleased with small business results. We're just – we're not seeing weakness to date. And I just would say investors and analysts should not extrapolate from the decelerating growth rates. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, small business customer spend was up, but it was in the categories of areas that net down. So a more appropriate barometer of the health of demand in small business, we think, is gross profit performance, which increased at more than twice the rate of sales growth. So I would just keep focused on that. Cloud and Software Solutions were really, really well – delivered really, really well this quarter. We also, just to be clear, continue to see strong momentum in the strategic execution and small business across a wide variety of solutions that customers are investing in. So whether it's solutions to modernize and optimize their infrastructure, whether it's continued remote enablement, which we're still seeing resilience in. But we're not looking at small businesses softening at this point. It's really been resilient and momentum is strong. In terms of investments, what I would tell you is we're a people business. So when you think about investments that are maybe noncapital-intensive related, that's all about people. If you look at the acquisitions and the number of folks in our technology organization that we've brought to CDW, the number that we've hired over the year, they're organically brought in. But then think about things like our CRM program and modernizing our CRM program using Salesforce. If you think about our unique training programs that are very specific to CDW, our training programs are best in the business. When you think about leadership development. When you think about all of the things that we're doing that drive efficiency and effectively and productivity for our sales organization, and the ability for our technical organization and sales organization to go to market as a one CDW company, as one team, all those investments are the kinds of things that we're doing to continue to execute our strategy.
Christine Leahy: Yes, I'll start with that one. Yes, so we've said that we would expect Fed to continue growth, start growth in the second half of the year and continuing – it will – I would expect it to look more seasonal. I think we're kind of back into more of a seasonal rhythm with federal. And state and local has been interesting because, as you know, the budget – the funding that they've received has allowed them to make investment decisions over a more extended period of time versus the one year that they typically do. And we've been supporting customers with that. All that said, given things like data proliferation, et cetera, they're still investing now. So you can expect to see solid growth across both of those sales channels in the second half of the year.
Christine Leahy: Yes, we're still investing in people. Obviously, we've got our eyes on the headlines. We're being prudent in how we run our business, but we're continuing to invest in those areas that support the important capabilities that our customer needs from us. And we're investing in areas to drive efficiency. So we have not slowed down our investment in people at this point, and we feel very confident with that.
Christine Leahy: Yes. What I would say is I think technology spending is going to be even more resilient in the face of all kinds of challenges going forward because it's so essential to businesses, whether it is challenges around chips, challenges around the macro environment, et cetera, businesses can't win in the marketplace without utilizing technology to drive efficiency, effectiveness, experience, all the things we talk about. So we aren't concerned about some of that talk track. We feel very confident that our customers and we see the momentum. Our customers are continuing to invest in technology across the spectrum from endpoint solutions to hybrid infrastructure. And we feel very confident that we'll be able to press our competitive advantages and have access to the technology needed for our customers given our size and scale.
Christine Leahy: Thank you very much, Lauren. Let me close by recognizing the incredible dedication and hard work of our over 14,600 coworkers around the globe. Their dedication to serving our customers is what makes us successful and in particular, embracing a better together approach and philosophy as we've brought together many amazing companies over these last few years. Thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to help you achieve your goals, and thank you to those listening for your time and continued interest in CDW. Al and I look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Albert Miralles: Yes, sure, Jim. So first on your question, on any change in attitude or direction with customers with respect to financing, et cetera. I would say no, nothing material there. As we typically would, with every customer, we're looking at the avenues of whether they would like financing solutions or otherwise. But nothing's changed materially there. With respect to the impact to us from a financing perspective and interest expense, based on my prepared remarks, we do have a component of our debt that's floating rate. We did see in the quarter a bit of a tick up in the interest expense commensurate with that. And we've got that baked into our outlook. We do have interest rate caps in place, we just haven't quite hit those yet. We do feel like that's kept out, and it's certainly manageable.
Albert Miralles: Sure, Erik. So first, I didn't mention Sirius, right, because we would think of Sirius more kind of macro level. But I would just note that the contribution from Sirius and really the power of putting the teams together, we are seeing exactly what we would have expected in terms of accretive effect on gross margin. On the netted down revenues, I mentioned grew 30% year-over-year, 28% of gross profit. That was a solid contribution there, absolute dollar amount consistent with Q1. But what was the different for this quarter is we had even stronger contributions from professional services, right, which is coming online and accelerating. And then firm margins on product. And so multiple variables there. In terms – as we look forward and we think about durability, look, there's always going to be puts and takes, and that's why our outlook focuses on in July margin because it's just a little bit more balanced, a little bit more stable. But certainly, this quarter, you saw all those contributions on the gross margin front come to four.
Albert Miralles: Yes. Matt, I would say, as we mentioned, no significant changes thematically in the backlog in terms of the pressure points versus relief. To Chris' point on client device, it's just more fluid, right. So we see a bit more flow. And we've mentioned this before, but if nothing else, we have a bit more read into transparency of what to expect on lead times. But look, the friction is still there on the solutions space, and we wouldn't expect that, that's going to change. Our job is to continue to navigate it and be there for the customers to get some stuff as quick as we can and most effectively.
Albert Miralles: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. This is Al. I think look, previous to today, we talked about we expected a higher level of netted down revenues in the second half, and that still holds true. If we look at Q2 and the contributors to our gross margin, otherwise, I talked about professional services, obviously, at a macro level the accretive effect of Sirius and product margins were firm. But the theme kind of as we look at the second half as well as really ongoing with netted down revenues, which makes up just for clarity, SaaS software assurance, warranty and commissions, those themes continue. And we continue to expect that they will outpace our net sales overall.
