Thomas Richards: Thanks, Eric. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss CDW's fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. With me in the room are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Council; and Sari Macrie, our VP, Investor Relations. I'll begin the call with a review of fourth quarter and full year performance, focusing on strategic progress and share some thoughts on 2014. Then I'll hand it over to Ann, who will take you through a more detailed review of the financials. After that, we'll open it up for some questions. But before we begin, Sari will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement. 
Thomas Richards: Bill, thank you for the question. I think the general saying that one quarter does not a trend make is probably appropriate here. We were encouraged by the improvement. But I think until we get a couple of quarters under our belt, we're going to continue to think about it the way you described. But there were some encouraging signs during the last quarter of the year. 
Thomas Richards: Yes. Well, first, like if you remember last quarter when we had some questions about the gross margin pressure, I said one of the things that I always feel good about is when I can point to exactly what drives particular results. And last quarter, we had the significant sale of Chromebooks, and we saw some pricing pressure. In this quarter, we have been, as I articulated, investing in our services business, trying to grow our services revenue. And we saw a really strong performance in some of our warranty strategies and those services revenue. Now we hope they'll continue, but there's other factors that contribute to the gross margin like if we see continue to see pricing pressure in the marketplace and that continues to put pricing pressure on transactional products. So I think we have kind of said that we're going to continue to focus on EBITDA, and I think you should continue to see us kind of stay in the range we have been for gross profit. But it is going to bounce around, as Ann likes to remind everybody all the time, that there's a lot of exogenous factors that can influence that. 
Thomas Richards: Well, Ryan, I think we've talked about this on a number of calls that because of our B2B focus, we continue to see positive growth in the PC marketplace. There isn't a single driver. I know people ask, is it the introduction or the end of XP support or the introduction of 8? I think what you've seen in our performance is we have seen segments that continue to see and look at PCs from the value they create in the business. And so we are expecting that to continue. I think it's a fair way to say it. We're not seeing a tremendous amount of success driven just by XP and people trying to address that. So as we look out into 2014, we would expect it to continue to perform the way it has in 2013 for next year. 
Thomas Richards: Well as you know, we don't provide any kind of guidance for the channels, if you will. But I think your instincts are accurate. We're going to lap some pretty amazing growth as we go into the latter part of the year. I will tell you, though, that we are making additional investments in that segment. So that tells you that we believe there is incremental opportunity. One of the things we are seeing play out just as we had hoped is those Chromebooks, when they get inside of a school district create incremental opportunities for network management and some of those services that Bill kind of asked about when it comes to the kinds of things that enhance gross margins. So we remain pretty, I don't know if the right word is aggressive or favorably disposed, to growth in that particular segment. But they are going to jump some pretty amazing comps as we get into the year. 
Thomas Richards: Okay. So there was a lot in that one question, Brian. Let me take them, I hope, one at a time. Let me answer the last first. Look, this isn't about us doing anything other than finding a particular partner that had an opportunity in the marketplace and us building off of the success we had with the Chromebooks. I don't think it's going to have any impact on other partners. In fact, as it was, I think, reported in some places, it had nothing to do with our partnership with other people. We're excited about our partners, and I think the strategy some of our other partners are deploying about pushing people like CDW to the cloud is absolutely the right thing to do. We've been planning for it, investing for it, and so we feel really good about it. The actual relationship is customers are looking for us to represent and include in our recommendations to help them reselling some of those apps as a Software as a Service. And as I think we've talked about a lot, especially on the IPO road show, when a customer is moving to the cloud-based solutions, there is integration and aggregation opportunity that exists as it gets built into their IT infrastructure. I think as we talked about, Brian, that takes some services skill sets. We don't have those today resident in a meaningful way to scale, so we're going to use partnerships to get there. But just as we have done in other parts of our service business, as we build momentum and we build density, then we're going to look to add that to our service portfolio. But we are absolutely excited about that partnership, but it's not at the expense of other partnerships. Trust me. 
Thomas Richards: We think it's -- look, I'm not going to put a number on 3 to 4 years out, but I'll just say this, Brian. We think it's extremely meaningful. If you look at the change in the IT consumption model, if you think about the examples that I talked about in my formal comments, the ability for CDW to have a full suite of services capability, and I mean a full suite, not just professional services but managed services, configuration services, warranty services, really has a powerful impact on our ability to win additional business. And as you, I think, alluded to, services business has rich margins. And part of our strategy has always been to enhance that part of our business so that we are growing a part of our business rich in margins to offset the normal commoditization that sometimes happens in a transaction part of the business. So I think you can look for us to continue to invest, and I think you can look for us to continue to grow, and I think you can look for us to continue to expand the locations. 
Thomas Richards: Okay. Yes, I don't know if I'm going to comment on the normalcy comment. I'll just say that we're excited about some of the clarity that comes to the forefront here. And look, we're hopeful and I think that if you talk to our sellers, they'd say encouraged by just having some clarity, clarity around budgets, clarity about the debt ceiling kind of going away for a negotiating item. And now we're just kind of working through the process where now that the budgets are settled, you have to get to the allocations. But I would say the activity level has improved, and we feel good about that. I don't know that we're far enough into it yet for me to kind of predict when we'll get back to a normal rhythm, but I would tell you, we're encouraged, at least at this point, on the activity level. 
Thomas Richards: Yes. We're not going to fold them in under any of the existing MedLar group. They'll actually report directly to Chris Corley. But they have been performing at a rate. As I think I've said on previous calls that once they demonstrate a sustainable performance that is kind of in excess of the peer group, then we're going to move them to MedLar because of the resources that are available, be they service resources, be they technical resources. And it also then gives us the ability to kind of move and be consistent with customer size. And so we're kind of excited of this move from the incubator. I don't know what the right term is going to be, but they're just now going to be moved into a more sizable organization with more infrastructure. 
Thomas Richards: Okay. So let me -- on the first part, Katy, our cloud business has been growing pretty impressively, although it's still relatively, as you know, compared to the size of CDW, a pretty small number. We are seeing growth in Infrastructure as a Service, which is really where you see both the compute and storage play out. But I don't know that I would draw a correlation yet to it having an impact on server and storage revenues. And the reason I say that is because so much of our storage and server revenues in these last 2 quarters have been impacted by the Federal segment and what's going on in the Federal segment.  And as you know, every product category has typically been down. So I guess what I would -- I think I would confirm on a positive note, the growth we're seeing in cloud computing coming in Infrastructure as a Service, as well as Software as a Service, I don't know that I'm quite there yet to draw the correlation to what we're seeing in some of the revenues in storage and servers in the quarter, okay? And the second one is I think for us, the first quarter is going to be interesting because we've never come through a fourth quarter where we had the federal government shutdown. And so while I would call the fourth quarter not normal, it'll be interesting to see how the first quarter plays out. I think Ann alludes to in her comments that the first quarter for us is generally a slower quarter sales-wise than the fourth quarter. And I think that's our assumption, but I will tell you, I think the real wildcard is do we begin to see some of the Federal stuff return and how might that impact us. I can't comment on January, obviously, about how it turned out. But qualitatively, it came -- it felt the year is starting the way we kind of assumed it would start. And so it feels at least normal to us so far. 
Thomas Richards: I think you have to keep those separate, Jayson. I continue to be encouraged by the performance in our MedLar segment. We've had strong growth for a number of quarters now. And so I'm not anticipating any backing off of that strong growth. And I would say in Small business, it's the second quarter of some positive numbers. And so I'm hopeful that, that will continue. I think we've gone through some periods of market dynamics relative to customer confidence. We've also been making some changes in how we think about and go to market with Small Business that I think are starting to stabilize our performance. So I would say that I am hopeful that what you're seeing in Small Business is going to continue going forward. But I will say this. As you guys know, the big caveat around that is kind of the general economy and the customer confidence level that kind of overhangs probably that segment as much as anyone. 
Thomas Richards: Well look, we don't comment or specific -- or excuse me, particular OEMs. We continue to be kind of focused on customers. And we're not, at this point, in a position to comment one way or the other if -- we'll see how things play out here. I think you've got to let some time and some water go under the bridge here after a company goes private. We know that from first-hand experience. So we'll just kind of see what happens here on out. 
Thomas Richards: All right. So the first one, you guys, and I think, Mark, probably do the math, back of the envelope, it would have been pretty meaningful growth absent Federal. It would have been in the high single digits for the quarter and the year. So that's -- if you can sense a tone of excitement or confidence on my part, it's because of that performance. And then on the second one, look, we're going to kind of stick to our 200 to 300 basis points above the IT market. And if the IT market grows 3% to 4% like it's forecasted, that pretty much tells you how we think about the whole year. I don't know that we have that kind of clairvoyance and want to get into particularly quarterly discussions about what we think is going to happen. 
Thomas Richards: I would say -- if I could, Arun, average, I wouldn't say it was like kind of felt kind of normal again just talking about Corporate. 
Thomas Richards: We don't break it down by that. But it's an important aspect of our business, as you can see on the slide, how big Government is as a percent of the business. You get a sense that Federal Government is generally somewhere between 7% to 10% of our business. 
Thomas Richards: Okay. Just 2 thoughts in closing. One, as always, thank you, thank you for your questions, thanks for your interest. And if your company needs help, I can't imagine why you wouldn't talk to CDW. And the last is Happy Valentine’s Day to all you sweethearts out there. Thanks, everybody. See you. 
Ann Ziegler: Yes. The other thing I did remind you, we are going to overlap a 16.7% gross margin in Q1. So you need to keep that in mind. 
Ann Ziegler: Yes. Katy, I would say that our deviation from normal seasonality has been driven by our Federal channel, right? So as we move through the second half of the year, that's what caused our normal seasonality to deviate a little bit. And so that still remains a little bit of a wildcard for us, the Federal channel. 
Ann Ziegler: Yes, no, we'd indicated before, one of our key medium-term targets is to delever 1/2 to 1/3 turn per year. And we've indicated that we'll stick with that until we get to 3x leverage. At which point, we'll revisit whether that's an appropriate leverage target going forward. It will depend on interest rates at the time, and at that point, decide whether it's appropriate to stay there or go down further, and at the same time, potentially begin stock buyback. 
