Chris Leahy: Thank you, Lauren and good morning everyone. It’s a pleasure to be with you. Joining me in the room today are Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer and Brittany Smith, our VP, Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis. I will begin with a high level overview of our third quarter financial and strategic performance and share some thoughts on our outlook, then Collin will take you through a more detailed look at our results, capital strategy and priorities and outlook for 2019. We will move quickly through our prepared remarks to ensure we have plenty of time for Q&A. But before we begin, Brittany will present the company’s Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Thanks, Amit and really pleased with the team’s execution so far this year. I mean look, this is a year where we have been hitting on all cylinders with a strategy that is right for what our customer needs and the capabilities to deliver. So, when you think about client devices as an example, certainly some tailwinds there from a refresh perspective, from an end-of-life market event coming up and full employment and the teams have taken full advantage of that in making sure that we are helping our customers along that journey. By the same token, infrastructure modernization and optimization is also equally important, particularly as organizations continue to digitize across the organization and as IT has become, I call it, front and center. It’s really in the middle of driving outcomes for our organizations. So the trends that we see across the full landscape of IT seem to be continuing to be strong. Now all that said, as we move into Q4 and look forward to 2020, we do have some challenging overlaps, that’s for sure. When you look in the client side, for example and you look at corporate and small business and double-digits on double-digits. And even as a segment, we’re working on double digits on double digits. We’ve got some headwinds coming forward with that end of life coming to fruition, we’ve got some wildcards out there that we’ve talked about, Brexit, and tariffs and trade, etcetera. So we’ll have to keep our eye on all of that. I guess what I would say is that, as we said in our prepared remarks, customer sentiment continues to feel strong. And activity is strong, notwithstanding the uncertainties. But it’s hard to say what’s going to happen next year and our expectation is we’ll see solid growth in Q4, although client in particular moderating down.
Chris Leahy: Yes, Matt. Good question. I would say a couple of things there. First of all, when you see this kind of client growth, customers can only absorb so much. So there is a factor of what customers can absorb and what they’re focused on right now. That’s absolutely part of it. In terms of data center in particular, what you saw was on a consolidated basis, data center hardware not as strong. It was still up but not as strong. If you look at data center solutions, including software, we had very strong growth in software, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks. And so what you’ll find is in these types of projects, I’m going to try and find another word, but lumpy is the best word that we have right now. They really are lumpy. When they come to fruition, when they roll out and frankly what the mix is in the solution between hardware and software. So we are not feeling a tangible softness there. We continue to have conversations with the customers. I would say frankly, that I think uncertainty, macro uncertainty right now, is weighing on these types of decisions that are complex, where there are so many options, where customers are deciding things on-prem, off-prem, private cloud, multi-cloud, consumption models, as a service, all underscored by OpEx and CapEx decisions. It does feel like customers are weighing those options and scrutinizing them with a little bit more carefulness right now. But the conversations continue to take place, and we’re feeling good about them.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Thanks for the question. Scalar is going as planned. I have to say and a shout out to the teams up in Canada and also the teams here in the U.S. who have been working diligently to make that integration successful. It’s lot of hard work while you are trying to support your customers, deliver performance and integrate. So they’ve been doing a really terrific job. And our customers have been – what they’re telling us is they’re really appreciative of the ability for us to bring them a full portfolio and have holistic conversations, and we are seeing wins across the board with customers on the Scalar side and the CDW UK side, where we are able to benefit them both with a broader portfolio. So that’s all going well. We said and we continue to expect that Scalar will add 100 basis points of growth this year, and we still expect that to be the case. Regarding Aptris, Aptris is a great example, frankly, of a clear need in the marketplace, a pipeline of opportunity, an organization that brought to bear the type of expertise needed in a fast-growing software area with great implementation and assessment skills and a culture that fit. And as we think of some Aptris smaller sure but what I’d call a mature practice, a well-developed practice, and so for us it’s really building that to scale as quickly as we can, and that’s what we intend to focus on. We certainly will continue to focus on larger opportunities, but as you know, we’ve got a number of filters that we use. It’s got to be a strategic fit from a capabilities perspective or a deal perspective. Operationally, it needs to be something that we feel confident we can absorb. We know how hard these things are and we know how important it is to get them right. It needs to have – to be a cultural fit. That has proven to be very important, frankly, in the success of our acquisitions. And then finally, obviously, the financials screens. We need to feel that the financial return is going to be where we need it to be.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Actually, let me start with that last comment and work back from there. Yes, they are. Customers are willing to pay for added services. What’s important is a service-lead conversation that we are able to have as we develop a spectrum of service capabilities and depth in our service capabilities create conversations with the customers that are, frankly, more rich and strategic. So it allows us to have a seat at the table at the front end of when they’re making decisions about their organization. The acquisition of Aptris is a great example of that because the conversations that are taking place when customers are thinking about IT service management are instrumental and fundamental to how they’re thinking about overall modernizing their infrastructure and digitally transforming their organization. So those types of things, number one, the projects customers do pay for, but they also get us a seat at the table which creates broader, deeper and larger opportunities for us to help our customers and, obviously, opportunities for us. When you think about Scalar in particular, we really – in Canada, we really replicated, if you will, what we have in the U.S. now, where we have, what I would say, is a very broad-based offering capability. We’ve got depth in our technical organization now in the areas where customers are needing help sorting through complexity in the area of security, infrastructure, cloud questions and those types of things that they’re grappling with. And we’ve got presence across the whole of Canada at this point. End market presence, the geo presence is also very reflective of what we have in the U.S. We’ve got nice balance up there. We’ve got a nice diversity up there. We’ve got nice depth in Canada. And we become a place where a customer can come as a one-stop shop for their IT needs. So that’s how we think about services and solutions capabilities that we have been folding into the larger organization.
Chris Leahy: Hi, Katy. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Yes, we do have, as you know and you’ve mentioned a number of OEMs who are shifting to that model. The good news for us is that creates, frankly, more complexity and more choices for customer to sort through in terms of understanding a couple of things. Number one, as you point out, OpEx versus CapEx. But also when you think about performance and reliability and scalability and agility in our customers’ infrastructure needs, they’ve got to take all of those and put them together and determine what’s going to be the best modern infrastructure that they’re looking for. So we do have the capability and have those conversations, frankly, more and more frequently given the technology now becoming available in as a service basis. In terms of the accounting, I’ll let Collin take that because the accounting for CDW, as you know, is different than how our OEMs would recognize on as a service basis.
Chris Leahy: Good morning Maggie. Thanks for the question. I would say that M&A is always part of a means to achieving our strategy. And we are, as we’ve said consistently, actively examining potential targets. And those are folks who come to us. Those are folks that we know in the market. But again, we are a really disciplined buyer. Again, as I know you know this, we hold to those 4 lenses very strongly. And so certainly, M&A is part of how we think about scaling capabilities, filling in areas where we think we could bolster those capabilities. But it just comes down to what’s available and whether or not it’s affordable and whether or not there’s a fit there. So the answer to the question is yes, but it all depends on what’s in the market and whether we think it’s a good fit. In terms of certain areas, look, we feel like we’ve got some real strength across the full spectrum of solutions’ needs right now. So we’re growing those organically. And to the extent we can find some that fit externally, we’ll think about that as well. As you know, we’ve recently brought on a new cloud partner, a couple of – about 18 months ago now, and so you can imagine that we’ve been building capabilities in our public cloud area pretty aggressively.
Chris Leahy: Yes, it’s a great question, Maggie. I think I would suggest you consider it more of a one-off for the time being. Similar to what Collin said about on-prem, private cloud, we are really are at the front stages of Device as a Service being developed as, what I’ll call, a repeatable solution. That said, we do have a number of customers, some large customers, some small customers, who are really quite interested in Device as a Service that we are centrally focused on building out the capability and the practice area in a consistent uniform way to approach a solution like that.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Government had a great year. And when I think about federal government, in particular, there are a couple of things happening there. One, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks we have, over the past several years, worked very hard on bringing to bear the right capabilities in terms of internal resources, such as technologists, as well as things like contract capture and project management, and all the things that the federal government needs from a technology supplier like CDW. And we’ve really seen the teams leverage those capabilities into success. So as a real strategic partner to the federal government, we continue to support them and more and larger projects that they’re working on, which is obviously good for us. The other thing about federal government this year is census, as we’ve just talked about, has also been helpful in terms of the third quarter in particular. And then, lastly, what we are seeing is we are actually seeing refresh in the federal government. You will recall, Department of Defense a few years ago mandated moves to Win 10 client devices, and frankly, we’re seeing those devices actually already being refreshed. So, we have a lot of nice momentum. That said, they’ve delivered very well this year and we expect a solid fourth quarter, but somewhat cautiousness. In terms of pull-ins for the third quarter, we didn’t see anything other – out of the ordinary. We saw what I would characterize as a pretty normal year-end for federal government.
Chris Leahy: Yes. We wouldn’t talk about any, in particular, vendor. I can’t say that there is a shift that we’ve been seeing in the market yet. That sounds like a fairly recent announcement, but we wouldn’t comment in any of our particular vendors.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Hi, Matt, thanks for the question. There is a lot of things in what’s happening with client, I would say. First of all, when we look at our customer base, we have a large number of customers who’ve moved to Win 10, but we still will expect more in Q4, frankly. There’s always a bit of a rollover. So we would still expect to see people moving to Win 10 at least through the first quarter of next year. But we do have a lot of customers who have already moved to Win 10. That said, yes, we are seeing refresh. Some that I mentioned Corporate customers from a couple of years ago, we’re seeing refresh. When you think about the strength in the employment, full employment that continues to drive purchases and, frankly, refresh as well. And also, new use cases. We talked about that a number of times in terms of tablets and what not being used for a variety of industries from a digital expansion perspective. So if the economy remains solid, we’d expect customers to continue on a refresh trajectory. But again, moderating due to the Win 7 end-of-life coming to an end, we would expect that to dampen the demand a bit. And remember for CDW, we have, as I mentioned earlier, very high overlaps that we’re going to have to deal with in 2020. And then lastly, there’s been some noise around potential supply chain constraints again in 2020. And obviously, we’ve done a great job this year. The team’s done a phenomenal job of using our advantages to be able to take supply, and really have no impact from that constraint. But we are hearing again potential constraints in the market going into 2020.
Chris Leahy: It’s a little of both. You hit them both. I think budgets are stabilized. So that’s number one. That’s good. And we are seeing healthcare systems that are finally adopting Win 10. They are usually little laggards in that area, but they are. And also, as you said, very much focused on infrastructure to drive patient experience, clinical mobility, efficiencies etcetera and M&A activity frankly continues to happen out there and that’s an opportunity for us to work with the healthcare systems as well.
Chris Leahy: Yes, Shannon. Hard to answer that question. Throughout the quarter, I would say, that customer sentiment and activity remained pretty much consistent during the quarter and consistent with seasonality. I think that’s how I would answer that question.
Chris Leahy: Yes, it’s a great question. It is a tough market out there. I would say a couple of things. Number one, we pay a lot of attention to it. We are seeing – for a variety of positions, we are seeing an extended time to hire and sometimes requirement of bringing more candidates in to be able to convert. But one of the things that we do very well here as a core competency is talent acquisition and development. And so the teams have really become very creative around uses of data, artificial intelligence and ways to target, very specifically, folks that we know will be high-performing, have the characteristics and will be high-performing at CDW and then really laser-focused in from a recruiting perspective. And they’ve been very, very successful during this period of a tight labor market. Our attrition rates have not increased higher-than-normal. And in fact, in some of the areas within CDW that you’d expect that they might be, like in our technology teams, they’re lower than the average. And look, CDW is a unique culture as we talk about, but the ability to make a good living here, particularly as a seller, when you think about our outperformance of the market and that translates into GP dollars and commissions for our sellers and for our technical specialists, it’s a good place to be right now.
Chris Leahy: Yes. I’ll start on this one. What I said earlier, and I communicate again, we do have customers, large customers and smaller customers who are very interested in Device as a Service for the obvious reasons. It’s an operating expense model. It makes sense. But how these are constructed is pretty complicated we’re finding. And so what I wanted to convey is we’re at the front end of trying to develop a methodology and practice that allows us to deliver, I’ll call it, consistent offerings to our customers in ways that are repeatable, as opposed to highly tailored offerings that are not necessarily repeatable at scale, so that we are really at the front stages of that. If I look across the market, I would suggest that I think most of the folks who are in this business are also at the front stages.
Chris Leahy: Thank you, Lauren. Let me close by highlighting CDW’s addition to the S&P 500 in September. This marks another important milestone in our company’s history. I also want to recognize the hard work of our over 9,800 coworkers around the globe and their ongoing dedication to serving our customers. They are the reason we have and will continue to lead the industry. Thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to help you achieve your goals and thank you for your continued interest in CDW. Thanks again everyone. Happy Halloween. Collin and I look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Collin Kebo: Sure. Amit. Good morning. You are right we did pickup the 2019 outlook for the Census to 60 basis points from the 40 basis points we had previously shared earlier in the year. That was primarily due to finalizing the actual device count with the sensors and then deploying those. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the majority of that revenue will be recognized in the third quarter of 2019. As it relates to 2020, we will provide more thoughts on 2020 at our year-end earnings call. I did comment on a tick-up in CapEx and most of that CapEx is for devices that will be deployed in 2020. As you think about that though and the contribution to growth, remember we have 60 basis points of contribution sitting in the base. So as you think about the 2020 growth, you need to think about the delta between the two.
Collin Kebo: Boy, there’s a lot in that question. I would – I guess I’ll stick with our – look we expect a mid-7% non-GAAP operating margin. As I think about the quarter and the strength we saw in gross margin, I guess it’s a little counterintuitive given the heavy client device strength that the margin would have – the gross margin would’ve ticked up 30 basis points. We have seen quite a bit of success helping our customers with cloud solutions, and so that mix in the netted down items provided some lift to offset some of the margin pressure from heavy client device growth. What I would say though, and you touched on this in your question, is we do have a highly variable cost structure and pay people on a percentage of GP. So that was mitigated to some extent at the bottom line. I think there was also a question in there on vendor funding. Typically, we’ll comment on that if it’s growing or contributing meaningfully more or less in the overall rate of sales growth. We didn’t this quarter, so that wasn’t a material factor. Hopefully, that addresses your question.
Collin Kebo: Yes, Katy. I’d say very early innings on this in terms of on-prem subscription. So the models are – and there is no standard is the easiest way to say that. It depends on the way the transaction is structured. So if there’s a third-party intermediary in there and we’re just selling it, then we would recognize it as we typically would, which would be upfront. To the extent that we’re performing more of an agent role, we would take that on a netted down basis.
Collin Kebo: Yes. I think, Katy, we are still expecting to deliver within our rule of thumb for the full year. We’ve had some favorable timing that’s helped us year-over-year as we moved throughout. This year, in the second quarter, we mixed into vendors with extended payment terms, so that helps us on the payable side. And then this most recent quarter, we had favorable timing of collection just the way the calendar fell. We had a lot of really good cash collecting days in the month. I would expect that to normalize by the time we get to the end of the year.
Collin Kebo: Shannon, just as a matter of policy, we typically don’t comment on intra-quarter momentum or trends, unless we feel that there’s something noteworthy to call out. And as Chris said, there wasn’t anything noteworthy to call out on the floor within the quarter.
Collin Kebo: Yes, we will work with a reseller then when those devices come back and we are not going to get into the economics of that.
Collin Kebo: Yes. I would just add, I think the census is a very unique use case, right. It’s once every 10 years. The devices are deployed for a relatively short period into the field relative to the useful life of the asset. And so you have a unique use case and a unique use period. And so I don’t think there are a lot of other things like that floating around out there, but that doesn’t mean that customers in general aren’t interested. And as we’ve talked about though, those are all kinds of different flavors.
