Thomas E. Richards: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you. Joining me in the room today are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Counsel; and Sari Macrie, our VP, Investor Relations. We have a lot to cover this morning, I'll begin with the high level overview of our second quarter performance and outlook as well as the announcement we made today that we acquired the remaining 65% of UK-based IT solutions provider, Kelway, which we initiated last November. Then Ann will take you through a more detailed results review and share more on our capital strategy priorities and medium-term targets. We'll move quickly through our prepared remarks to ensure we have plenty of time for Q&A. But, before we begin, Sari will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes. It's an initiative or a program, if you will, to go after what we would call white space, and you – we've – we found a – like I said, I think it was nine partners that said, we think this is a great idea. So you build a program that involves sharing data about the target market opportunity, it involves putting combinations of products together, to solve particular customers' needs, and the objective is to get new incremental CDW and partner customers and I think, we consider it a pretty strong success, we brought on about 3,000 new customers.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes. It really, Rich, is directly impactful to K-12, and the data we have suggests that only about 20% of the funding letters have been released at this point, and school districts have remained fairly patient to wait until they get their funding letter to begin the network upgrade progress. I think as you remember from last quarter's call, were named on a significant number of the funding requests, and so it's one of the reasons we remain pretty optimistic about the impact it's going to have. Having said that, it looks like now, if you think about it, school districts really only can implement during what I'll call vacation time or holiday time. So if – a lot of – 80% of them haven't yet received their funding letters. That's why we're believing at this point it's going to be later in the year, maybe some of the implementations will take place over the Thanksgiving holiday or the end of the year holiday. And so, we feel it's going to be a little more backend loaded and then obviously carry into next year.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes. The driver – I think the best way is to go back to the initial kind of thesis. And that was – the primary focus initially was to help us better serve those U.S.-based multinational companies that had international needs. And that prior to the partnership with Kelway, we would have to excuse ourselves sometimes from what I'll call combined international opportunities. Obviously, the reverse is also true. Kelway has customers that have needs obviously internationally but back in the United States. So really the combination is about better serving those existing customers and then looking for opportunities for growth. One of the things that is appealing to us about Kelway, if you've heard, 90% of their business comes from the U.K. and that also is a significant area for a lot of our U.S.-based customers, so there is a strong synergy there, but they've done a nice job of building a platform that enables them to follow their customers and that's how they've opened those facilities I alluded to in other parts of the world. So, what we've experienced through the referral relationship is the growth in each of our businesses and we would expect that to continue. As you heard me allude to we're going to start out operating Kelway as a standalone business unit and continuing to perform on the referral model until we're comfortable that we've built kind of a single platform front for our customers.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, look, if you think about CDW, we tend to do things in a deliberate way and we don't take lightly the integration and what it takes to do this well, which is why we've been pretty thorough in the acquisition process and some would say very deliberate and we're going to take the same approach on integration. So that I would say right now we've got our hands full and want to stay focused on both the integration of Kelway and our customers because that's important to us.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes, well, let me take the first one about growth, you've heard us allude to the fact that we think the Kelway acquisition is going to add between 500 basis points and 600 basis points to CDW's top line growth between now and the end of the year, and one other things I'm really thrilled with is we built a I think a strong retention program for the people at Kelway and happy to report that they are signed up and ready to go and excited about the prospects for this joint company. So we feel really good about both rolling the business, retaining and growing customers and retaining the coworkers on both sides.
Thomas E. Richards: We feel that that takes advantage of Kelway's brand recognition and acknowledges the new partnership. As we move through the integration process, we will think about if there is enhanced advantage for changing that, but right now that's kind of the go-to-market plan and we're both really excited about that. And the second part of that question was any other call outs about healthcare and in Canada.
Thomas E. Richards: So Canada was if you heard they did a nice job in constant currency, are up high mid-single digits, continue to take share in the market, its currency issue and that kind of about calls it out, you guys know as well as I do the challenges in the Canadian economy, and they've continued to kind of upgrade successfully within that environment, and healthcare continues to be, by paperwork, lumpy from the perspective of, we've got a lot going on in healthcare with mergers and the impact on a merger can go one way of two ways when you're involved in one of those. And so, I think the fact that we got some growth that it helps through this quarter is a nice sign, and we'll take it.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, let me take the first part; one of the things that I alluded to is their profit picture is roughly similar to CDW today, and a lot of that is to their credit that since we started the process, they have been aggressively looking at how do they improve their profitability of the business, they have been exchanging ideas with CDW, and so we're thrilled with performance they've made up to this point from a profitability perspective and expect it to continue.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. A couple of different things; one, Adam, as we've said that is why we focus on EBITDA is because, it gives us the ability to focus on that which we can't control and it gives us the flexibility to kind of what I'll call manage the profitability of the business. From a gross profit perspective, it's been fairly constant here for a couple of quarters. We've been in the 16% range, which is where we'd like to be. But to be honest with you, we're not going to focus on GP growth per se. We're going to continue to focus on probably growing the top line and that profitability is defined by the mid-7% EBITDA margin that we've set as the target for the business. I can't really comment – I don't notice the competitive market being any more intense or any less intense than it was three months ago. And I think one of the things that I'm proud of is CDW has continued to grow the business profitably on top of some pretty incredible costs as you guys have pointed out to us. And so I think that's a great testament to the disciplined approach with which we go about serving customers.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes, I don't know that there is a reconciliation. To think about it, Adam, you just kind of think about them discretely. If you think about past earnings calls, one of the things that I was paying attention to was kind of the capacity we had already added into the CDW model with the kind of aggressive hiring we had done last year and the year before and felt like we have the capacity to handle the growth for a number of quarters. If you think about it, the IT growth rate of 3% to 4% has been pretty constant from our perspective. We said it was at the low range, but we're talking about 3% to 4%. And so, we feel like now we're at a point from a capacity standpoint that adding those incremental customer-facing coworkers in the U.S. is the right time for us to make that investment now, so that we can take advantage of market growth opportunities, when they're productive and ready to grow – go, excuse me, and grow, now that I say it that way. So I don't know that there is any disconnection there. I think it's really us monitoring as we always do the productive capacity of the CDW engine.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay, Matt. So first, I think the word that I've been using to describe the impact of Win Server 2003 is kind of a mild breeze at our back so to speak. I would say that a lot of the customers, and I think I alluded to this last quarter, had really started preparing for the Win Server 2003 expiration late last year, it has carried into this year, but I also think there's what I would call a natural refresh going on, you have great new technologies like converged infrastructure, which is driving some of the behavior in the marketplace. So, I would say that I don't know we're in any particular inning. And since it hasn't been such a big driver, I don't know that we are thinking about some drop-off as far as its impact on the marketplace. And as far as Win 10, I think, as you know, a lot of the early benefits I think are going to be to the retailer/consumer market, which is not part of where we're focused. I think customers, typically in the enterprise space, take a little bit of a wait-and-see attitude like play with it, wait till the first patch comes out, let's see how it works. I think there is a fair amount of excitement about the product. I think there has been lots of stuff written about the fact that it may not drive hardware sales, but what I would say for us, if you look at our PC sales all the way back to 2013, there has been this constant drumbeat of growth. Even before the Windows XP accelerant, if you will, and I think that's because the businesses stay on a normal cycle of investing in PCs for the purpose of productivity. Then you get the incremental benefit of new form factors like I alluded to, so we're anticipating that it will continue to be steady growth with or without Windows 10.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes. We continue to expect it to be a growth part of the business going forward. As you point out, they are going to be facing some tougher comps, but as I just said to the last question that's kind of more or the same for us it seems like, but we are looking at them to continue to grow maybe not at the exponential rate but at a good growth rate for the remainder of the year and into 2016.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes. I think it feels more of a macro call. If you think about one of the earlier questions that cited some of the forecasts made by some of the distribution companies, I think you've seen other technology companies talk about a more muted growth picture maybe in the back half of the year. I don't know that I'm smart enough to tell you what's driving the macroeconomic perspective. I do hear people talk about well, we'll see what happens with interest rates and we'll see what happens with currency, and so I think all of those kind of filter into this macro perspective, but we aren't seeing it from a particular product perspective, more so a macro.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes, well, you're right; security remains one of the big drivers of new partners. Converged infrastructure is another area that has been a source of new partners. Our whole cloud strategy is another area that brings in new partners. And then even inside of the storage business, there are new storage partners. So I would say it happens in a broad perspective, Katy, but those are the ones where we've had I think the most significant additions in the last year or so.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes. It's generally, well, desktops as I alluded to declined across the whole business, but declined in a meaningful way in small business. So, I think a lot of that was driven by just the expiration of the Windows XP expiration, if you will, and they've continued to be a cloud growth engine for us, which is why the gross profits have been growing at an even faster rate than top line.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes. That was actually the driver, Jayson, that got us started down the path with Kelway in the first place, was it – and then we went out and studied it externally. So it was a combination of feedback from our sellers and the selling experience. And then some external analysis we did that said the number of situations was increasing and therefore, if you didn't have the ability to help a customer with delivering IT internationally, so to speak, you were going to reduce the likelihood of your ability to protect and grow your core business. So that was kind of the genesis of the thesis. And we have just seen that increase as time goes on.
Thomas E. Richards: No. It's been – as I said, Jayson, our cloud business across CDW has been growing and we're thrilled with the different ways that we've been able to help customers, as they think through which workload, how to build out a hybrid architecture so to speak. And as I've said, I think earlier, the small business organization has been one of the leading organizations in selling cloud-based solutions, be it SaaS-based, be it infrastructure-as-a-Service-based or agency-based. So I think the breadth of our cloud portfolio truthfully is one of the key reasons we've continued to see the levels of growth because just like the value proposition of CDW, it enables us to bring multiple choices to a group of customers that typically wouldn't be able to avail themselves of that kind of choice and that tends to be rewarded to CDW.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I have enough time – tough time figuring out next quarter, let alone two years out to three years out. This is a gut response. I think what we're seeing as I mentioned when we talked about security Threat Check Version 2, which includes some consultation aspect on process analysis. I would expect there will be an increasing service aspect to this as we go forward because as I think you guys that live in this world know it's just not about the technology, it's about the, what I'll call, security policies inside of a business, the security practices. And they all tend to contribute. So, if you force me to answer, I would say yes, I think there'll probably be a bigger services practice as part of security going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: We have been as you pointed out investing and growing our services practice for about three years or four years now in a meaningful way, and the growth isn't just in coworkers, it has been in capabilities. I don't know that I could sit here and forecast now kind of which of those will be most important to our customers, that will always be the driver at CDW for the market we serve, but I think it's fair to say, we are getting asked to consider services that are more expansive and different than we do today, but again we got to make sure we can deliver on the customers' expectations. So that's probably a long-winded way of saying I'm not really sure, but we're going to continue to expand our services portfolio.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Thanks, everybody. I appreciate your interest this morning, and as always, if your company needs some help with IT, we would hope you would come to CDW, and now we can say CDW plus our international partner, Kelway, would be more than happy to help you, and enjoy the rest of your summer. Thank you.
Ann E. Ziegler: I think you also asked about integration charges. Keep in mind that this is not a transaction that's about taking cost out of the combined businesses. So, there will not be a significant, won't be any severance charges things along those lines. There is obviously no facilities to shut down. So you shouldn't be looking for charges along those lines. As we develop an integration program, there will likely be some expenses related to systems integration and we'll talk about those as we have better clarity around those.
Ann E. Ziegler: Sure. On the hedging, I'm not a big fan of hedging merely translation risk, which is the majority of the exposure that we have today, both from Kelway today and – I'm sorry Kelway today and Canada. Now, to some extent, as you've heard, Kelway has about 90% of their revenues based in the U.K. There is that 10% that is non-U.K. and they've done a very good job where appropriate where they actually have a translation risk hedging that risk. So we anticipate that we would continue to do that going forward, but that we would not be hedging merely translation risk. In terms of the buyback; yes, I mean we obviously have a $500 million program out there. We have a fair amount of way to go on that program. And we certainly continue to expect to participate with our sponsors in secondaries. And as I indicated, the stock that was issued in the Kelway transaction will be bought back.
Ann E. Ziegler: Yes. As you recall from the first quarter call, we had a very strong gross margin in the first quarter, and as we explained on that call, a big piece of it was driven by mix we saw with product growth muted in the first quarter; our 100% gross margin items, particularly our net service contract revenues, continued their double digit growth, and therefore, it was really a mix impact on the gross margin that you saw in Q1 and we indicated that we thought as product growth reaccelerate as we move through the year, that mix impact would fade and that is indeed what we've seen. We also had in the first quarter we mentioned we had a benefit from a – from not repeating an inventory write-off that occurred in the first quarter of the prior year. So you have that pickup as well.
