Thomas E. Richards: Thank you. Good morning everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you today and to report on our first quarter results. Joining me on the call are Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our Chief Revenue Officer; and Sari Macrie, our Vice President Investor Relations. I'll begin with a brief overview of our results and key drivers. Chris will run through our performance by customer end-market. And I'll share my thoughts on our expectations for the rest of 2018. Collin will run through the quarter's financials and then we'll go to your questions. But before we begin, Sari will provide a few important comments regarding what we will share with you today.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, let me first say that we – now that we sit in the current financial position that we didn't have early on in our public life. I think we've been pretty transparent, Adam, about our interest and consideration of inorganic growth and looking at deals whether they be strategic truly in nature or to help drive growth. And so, I don't know that there is anything different other than we continue to look at the parts of the marketplace where we might add a particular capability that it would take us too long to build internally or other parts of geographic expansion that would help us serve customers on an international basis.
Thomas E. Richards: So, I would say, there was – I don't know, I think there were two or three in there, Adam. So, let me just try to knock them out one at a time. The first is, no we haven't changed our selectivity. In fact, I would describe us as probably even being more selective when it comes to where we go, what products and services we decide to focus on and part because of our strategy that we just finished for the next three years. So, no change in selectivity. In fact, number of opportunities this quarter much like other quarters, we just said you know what, no, thank you. Now, sometimes when you make that decision that can impact where you end up on a particular scale from a funding perspective. I think the one thing to keep in perspective is, the funder, funding growth from partners, was very – was positive this quarter and meaningfully positive. It just didn't keep pace with the unexpected growth in top line sales. And sometimes that unexpected growth comes in areas that are areas – that are prime areas for the vendors and sometimes it come in areas that are prime for customers, but aren't necessarily prime for vendors. And so, we think we do a really effective job of balancing those two things, meeting customers' growing needs, and at the same time, serving our partners well in the marketplace. So, I don't really think about it as a marketplace dynamic. The other thing that I was pleased to see is, I tend to look at the margin two different ways. Sequentially, it's kind of the current condition in the marketplace, because what happened last quarter is the closest reportable period to what we're experiencing now and you heard that there was nice positive growth. A lot of that was driven by our strong solutions performance in the quarter. And then, I look at it year-over-year and just to say, okay, what's – what have we done differently. And while there was a slight decline in the margin year-over-year, I think Collin walked you through some of the things that are happening and part of it was just the strong hardware growth, which I'm not going to turn away from. The last thing I would say though, and we have been I think, rock solid consistent on this, is the area we put many calories on, even some degree more calories on is, our adjusted EBITDA performance, because that is what we can control, that is making sure that our cost structure is aligned with what's going on in the marketplace. We don't control everything that happens with gross profit.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, good question. I think there were a couple different reasons that made the first quarter look a little stronger. The first one was the better than expected client growth. And you heard me allude to some of that was driven by the DoD mandate, which ended in January so that's one. Two was the go-forward or delay or whatever the right term is of the supply chain activity, which we alluded to in the last quarter. The third thing was the opportunistic performance by our international team and what I would describe as both the public and the year-end opportunity. And then the fourth was currency. So, if you kind of look at all those and fast forward them you're going to see, a few of them were if you will onetime events.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I would tell you, I hope, Matt that does obviously. I think we haven't heard people directly connect would be the way I would say it, the tax reform benefit and IT investment. We have heard people initially take care of coworkers or employees, although, but like we did and then start to think about how do I take the remaining benefit and start to pile through the business. So, I'm hopeful, I think the word we used was cautiously optimistic that one of the things that's going to drive demand for the rest of the year would be as that flows through the decision process inside the companies. And I think it's – I mean, I think everybody feels fairly cautiously optimistic about the economy and we hear that from customers. We just don't hear them say, hey, because of this we're now going to push this project forward and give you that opportunity. But we anticipate that that will happen as we move through the year.
Thomas E. Richards: I'll give you my answer and then I'll let Chris give you her spin on it. As I've told my team, if I could replicate the Kelway experience, every time we do an acquisition I'm all in, because it's met an expanding customer need, it was accretive to the business, they've benefited from being part of CDW. We have benefited from some of their experience, like managed services. So, not that I'm greedy, Matt, but I'd love to have that every time we go forward. Having said that, I think it's given us increased confidence and awareness of expanding our international footprint because of what we learned and the success we've had and Chris, who had a lot to do with that successful integration, I will let her comment.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, the answer is, all of the supply chain issues that we had in the fourth quarter were cleaned up. Having said that, we continue to hear rumblings of potential delays, which is why I described it as a wildcard going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: So, Jase (46:34) the answer is yes. And part of it is because of our ability to find people inside of CDW who have both experience and/or interest in focusing on security or cloud performance that helps us if you will fund the resource additions that we want to make. And I think the last part of it was, absolutely yes, that these will continue to be meaningful growth areas for CDW from both a skill, capabilities and footprint standpoint.
Thomas E. Richards: Hey, Matt, I'll give you a one other little connective tissue. One of the things that – I think, excuse me, has been an important part of our success has been the rigor and attention to detail around book management. And part of that has been we've transitioned pretty effectively over the last four years or five years to make sure that the size of a book that a seller gives them an opportunity to make a great living, but also motivates them to penetrate existing accounts instead of just planting new flags. Those incremental customer facing coworkers that we've been adding for the last four years or five years then get the benefit because we now are creating new books at a fairly good rate that have a scale and scope that allows them to go and attack. So, if you're managing a book with let's say, 200 customers, your ability to get to key decision makers is going to be limited based on time. But if you're managing a book that is meaningfully less than that then you're going to be incented and have the time to penetrate other areas of the business and one of the benefactors is our success in the data center.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, Matt, I think the word I've used is kind of a transition year for K-12. And that as Chris used the term creative learning that's just not a description, it's actually a concept that we're finding as a lot of IT tentacles for that. And is exciting for us. And so you can think about us transitioning to the thing that customers are now asking for is to help us create an actual environment that is more conducive to creative learning.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay, Shannon. Good morning. First of all I think this has been obviously, we were surprised by the success even in the first quarter. So, the refresh has extended a little bit longer. I don't want to get into crystal balling how long refresh is going to continue because I'm probably going to fall short on that one. Here's what we do, no, that even before we go through periods like the last 12 months to 18 months because, we exclusively focus on the B2B marketplace, client growth has been a constant for us, client device growth. And so, we would expect that to continue. I don't think we have the benefit of the huge tailwind of the DoD. And I don't know that there's a single driver and answer to your question that's driving the client refresh. I think it's a combination of, for example if you have a lot of customers in the technology sector. They're growing like crazy. They're adding employees. Well that in and of itself can drive client growth and it's not tied to Win 10. It's not tied to security. It's just tried to the growth of the business. So, to some degree I think the interesting wildcard on this will be a constant growth of the economy; what does that mean for employee expansion and what does that mean for client growth going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. There's a lot in there. I think I don't know that we're – may be this is an opinion. We are at equilibrium on push and pull. I think people are increasingly looking for ways to outsource IT. If you let me use that term liberally. And whether it's cloud computing or Device as a Service in theory they're saying, we want to take, we want you CDW to take over run it aspect of this business. If you look at our cloud results and you think about some of the Device as a Service examples we've given, it's clearly got some momentum. It actually plays to one of our strengths. And this was something that I was trying to allude to in my formal comments is the logistics capability of CDW and the size and breadth of our warehouses and our logistics infrastructure is, we're finding to be incredibly helpful as we look at Device as a Service opportunities, which we are seeing increase in a meaningful way.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. I think in the beginning it was funny, we joked about this. There was nothing being done ratably. It was, yeah, it's as a service but we want you to buy it the way that you always did. We have seen, I'd say over the last 18 months more and more comfort by both the partners and the customers and doing it ratably.
Thomas E. Richards: All right. So, I think the answer to the first question Katy would be it's both. That – in it – if you think about some of my formal comments, it was attempting to get at that is that we are seeing increasingly customers talking to us about kind of becoming their run it partner if you will run IT, which I think is a little bit of them thinking about, how do I reallocate resources? And what parts do I think somebody like CDW can actually do better and then I can take those resources maybe and work on strategic development? So, I think that is – and I – look, I also think tied to that is a little bit of one of the questions earlier about the economy and confidence and spending just more on IT. If you said, why have we been able to continue to take share on a constant basis? I think it's the number of different factors, it is the breadth of the portfolio quite honestly, which as I like to tell our sellers, we always have something that we can do for a customer. The second thing is, as we've gotten more prescriptive on our book management, we have found ways to have greater motivation to penetrate better inside of accounts. If you think about the additional coworkers, we've been on a pretty steady drumbeat now for I think at least the last four years, five years of adding 100 to 125 customer-facing coworkers. So, we're extending our reach. And then, I think the last thing just as an example as part of our strategy, the addition of our expansion of our international capabilities has enabled us to help more of our larger corporate customers with IT solutions around the world. And that clearly has been a major factor in our success rate.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Thank you once again everybody for your time this morning and your questions. They help us a great deal and make sure we're focused on the things that are important to you guys and investors. And I'd be remiss, we moved this earnings call up earlier. So you have plenty of time to get ready for Mother's Day. No excuses on anybody's part. Thanks everybody.
Adam Tindle: Thanks, and good morning. The phrase tuck-in accretive deals was recently removed I think, last quarter, and replaced with expand CDW strategic capabilities on the slides. And I think you could have somewhere near $1 billion of liquidity based on your share repurchase guide and debt position. So, would CDW consider something larger like this and how would you evaluate those options and I have just one follow-up? Thanks.
Adam Tindle: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Tom. And just as a follow-up, CDW often talks about being selective in taking the right kind of revenue. But I think Collin mentioned in the prepared remarks that partner funding grew at half the rate of sales, gross margin is still declining and were lapping those hardware mix comparisons last year. So, could you just talk about the results and whether maybe the environment is forcing somewhat of a pivot here from being selective? And what's causing the change in partner funding as it – because I would have thought partners would reward a retailer more handsomely for strong performance like this. Thank you.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks. I'm not used to heading lead off, so thanks for it. Let me take a couple extra pitches there.
Collin B. Kebo: Adam, it's Collin. The only thing I'd add to what Tom said is, that there are several components to partner funding. I think the most commonly thought of is vendor incentive rebates, but there are other things where partners will help fund some of our advertising programs and so a driver there would necessarily be sales, but the driver would be more the timing of our marketing campaigns. Purchase discounts are also a component of partner funding and that can vary based on which partners you're mixing into and out of. So, just consider that there are many different drivers of what contributes to partner funding year-over-year and that's why we've consistently said, you can see that contribution bounce around from quarter-to-quarter depending on those drivers.
Collin B. Kebo: Yeah, it is. It was. Although it wasn't a lot of it was part of. I would say it was – NetComm and the data center, Amit were the two areas where we had some push-out. I think part of it is to some degree as Cisco transitions, as a big network partner to a software-driven architecture you get more of the netted down impact on top line. But I would tell you outside of Cisco a lot of the other network vendors had a pretty strong quarter. So, I think some of that shift and you've heard me talk about this, the shift to software-driven architecture is increasing. As that increases, I think you're going to continue to see some of those product lines bounce around top line wise but also see margin enhancement.
Collin B. Kebo: And on the accounting. I am sorry. Just to follow-up on the accounting, the answer is it depends, the transactions can all be structured differently. CDW could make a sale to a leasing company then the leasing company could turnaround and lease to the customer. In that case we recognize it up front. If CDW were the lessor then that would be spread over the life of the lease.
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah. Matt, I think Tom really said most of it. You can be assured that we've developed plans and blueprints off of that acquisition all the way from frankly lead generation to the evaluating opportunities, but planning well in advance for the integration because we've come to realize how important that is to the immediate and then long term success of an acquisition.
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah. I'll take the first part of that question. We don't give out specific metrics on those types of programs. What I can tell you is, we're seeing increase across the board when it comes to the various initiatives we've put in place, whether its category penetration acquisition et cetera. Those continue to be positive but we don't provide those metrics generally. On the decision maker, I think the answer is it depends. And we have great penetration in both the decision making area for the client as well as data center. Given the, I'll say, the complexion of the sellers that we have been growing and training, their ability to get to the appropriate place, has increased dramatically over the past five years to six years. And so the ability from an accelerated perspective to get to the decision maker in the data center even if you start in the client base where that might have been, as an example, the purchasing folks awhile back, allow us to move over to the other area.
Christine A. Leahy: Yeah, Matt. I would say, yes to that. The new kind of learning environment, as we refer to the Classroom of the Future, or the modern learning environment, is really where our customers are focusing. And that's really about optimizing the teaching and learning experience through technology and learning space investments. And while I'll tell we'd expect this year to be pretty modest growth across the board due to the clients' muted demand environment, we do feel that we are very well positioned to assist our customers in this new area and believe it's essential rule, frankly, in the classroom of the future K-12 and we'll see growth rebound in the coming years.
