Thomas E. Richards: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you. Joining me in the room today are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Counsel; and Sari Macrie, our VP, Investor Relations. I'll begin with a high level overview of our second quarter performance and outlook. Then, Ann will take you through a more detailed result review and share more on our capital priorities and medium-term targets. We'll move quickly through our prepared remarks to ensure you have plenty of time for Q&A. But before we begin, Sari will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Thomas E. Richards: Morning, Matt, thanks for your question. Yeah, so, let me just kind of comment because I think, as we said, the tale of two cities, kind of gets to the very heart of the issue. In MedLar, we knew going into the beginning of the year, that we didn't have many of those large deals. It's why we carefully signaled that we thought it would be a slow start to the year in the Corporate business. And that's kind of one of the reasons we have a little more confidence in the second half. We've got a line of sight to a number of significant large projects that were closed and will be implemented, but all of that kind of that depends on kind of the underlying economy. We're all hopeful that it gets above whatever it was, 1.2%, because that does drives business behavior over the long-term when it comes to investment, if you think about it. So, we're all, I guess, would be hopeful. But the fact that we have line of sight to some of those larger deals that we've already closed, just will be shipping, is kind of the primary reason you have some confidence in improved performance. The other side is, if you look at the success of Small Business, right, it continues to perform. And that gives you some confidence that your overall Corporate business is going to return. And we've been through this. And even in the five years I've been at CDW, where you'll go through a couple of cycles. Some of it's tied to refresh projects. I'll give you a linkage example. When we had the Windows 2003 Server Refresh project, there was a great deal of concentration in server upgrades. A lot of that took place in our Corporate business. And you don't have that kind of exogenous driver right now going on, although you do have some other things coming down the line, which I think gives us, like I said, some of the confidence over the back half of the year.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I think you heard me, Matt, on both cases, I think I used continue to be healthy and continue to perform to describe a couple of the Public segments. As I articulated, I think there's two things that drive it, and they're a little different. In the Federal business, a little over two years ago, we took a step back and changed our approach to align around strategic programs. And a lot of that was with the change of the acquisition strategy that existed in the Federal Government, which had been very geographic-driven and then became more programmatic in how it was driven, instead of concentrating just on bases, you're concentrating on programs. And I think that's proved to be really effective for us in the Federal market. In State & Local, it continues to be a function of our differentiation in a solutions area tied to public safety that drives growth as well as a pretty aggressive acquisition strategy when it comes to new contracts. So I'd say those are the primary drivers. And despite some pretty challenging comps for that gang, we expect them to continue to perform as they have.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. So, the E-Rate has been an important driver, as you know, in the K-12 part of education. And now you kind of have to think about it in two funding cycles. We're still working through the 2015 funding cycle. And we've got 60% to 70% of the authorized funds have actually been deployed, which means we still have 30% of 2015. And we're now in the middle of the 2016 cycle, and I can tell you that we're very pleased with the number of times CDW has been named as the initial partner to deploy those funds. Although, I think the one thing we learned going through the last E-Rate rate cycle is the timeline between getting approved and getting the funds ready, then getting the funds deployed can stretch out. In fact, we have customers who got approval in 2015 and they can deploy it all the way through beginning of next year, if they get an exception. So, I guess on one hand, that would be a good news item, because that means there will be continued revenue to come from it, but we feel good about that. A lot of the E-Rate funding has driven the excellent network results that we saw in K-12.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, look, I would expect it to approve (sic) [improve] (40:14) over time. I mean, part of the reason we've been thoughtful about guiding you guys on our performance is because we know what it's like when you bring on new partners. And it takes time. It takes time to establish relationships in the field. Those are based on trust. It takes time to make sure there is operational readiness, even for a company the size of Dell. The infusion of the volume of business that CDW can drive can, if you will, technically jam-up the system. So, we anticipated all that, but I would see no reason over time that it shouldn't be a pretty meaningful partner here at CDW, much like some of the other large strategic partners we have.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, there was a lot in there, Matt. So, let me try to go through it and get you to the finish line. So, the first thing is it's a little different business. So let me just start with a working capital perspective, because we're obviously not buying products and putting them in warehouses. And so that's a kind of a whole different model. It is, as you might expect, an extremely profitable business for us, but it is like all of our solution areas. It's a different selling motion. It requires a different level of technical skills. And, as I said, we're kind of thrilled, but we started this thing back in 2011. So, it's not by surprise. It's kind of the result of CDW's ability to invest heavily in solution areas that ends up generating the kind of performance. In some cases, Matt, you get paid kind of an agency fee, which is a percentage of the value of the contract. In other cases, it's done a little differently, maybe more as a service billing. And if you think about it, we provide cloud across – there is kind of the SaaS-based part of the model. That can have a different, kind of more of an agency feel. There is the Infrastructure as a Service part of the model, which is kind of a cross between an agency and a monthly billing. There is the ag services part of the model. And so, all of those have a little different economics. But I think, at the end of the day, you can think about it as having a similar cost structure to our software business, a similar cost structure to our security business. And the biggest investment for us is making sure we have the technical skills that can sit down and help a customer think through their options from a cloud computing perspective.
Thomas E. Richards: Well I think, Mark, we try to be pretty consistent on this. I think it starts with you've got an underlying economy that is, I think, growing slower than a lot of people had hoped, right? What is it, 0.8% in the first quarter; 1.2% in the second quarter. And you know, while business continues to invest, I think, much like my investment here at CDW, it is with a touch of caution, because you're trying to think about kind of what's going to happen in those next couple quarters. And as we just think about what IT has done in the first half of this year and you think about the underlying GDP, it does tend to make you believe while you started slower, and even if you have the acceleration we're hoping for, you're still going to probably come in at the low end of the 2% to 3% range. That's kind of the science behind it, Mark, truthfully. Now, the accelerants, if you will, could be, I think, if we get some stability and you begin to see GDP driven a little more by business investment than maybe just a strong consumer sentiment, all of that, I think, would suggest room for opportunity and accelerated performance.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. All right. Well, I'm glad you kept talking, because I thought I had the answer 'til you got to the very end. So, let me kind of go back and reconstruct, Mark, how we're thinking about it.
Thomas E. Richards: So the first thing is, the original thesis for the Kelway acquisition for us was serving those U.S. multi-national customers. And so, in many ways, the Brexit decision doesn't impact that. It will play that role and help us get to I think it's over 80-plus countries that they have the ability to get to. And so that's important to us. I think when you move to the, what I'll call, local aspect of it, clearly, the lack of clarity is causing all kind of theories and scenarios to be built out about the UK economy. A couple of things when it comes to our ability to – depending on how those negotiations turn out, our ability to kind of move in and about the EU. First of all, one of our locations from CDW UK is in Ireland, so that gives us an EU presence kind of right off the bat. But as we move forward, we have been, I think, pretty clear in thinking about expanding our hub-and-spoke model. And looking at other places in the footprint and, to some degree, we'll be both trying to optimize kind of our current position and looking for, what I'll call, additional or alternate distribution mechanisms going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, Osten, first of all, thanks for your question. I think the storage picture is an interesting one, because I think it represents a lot of what you're going to see in the data center technologies in it. It does emphasize what I would argue is one of the real strengths of the CDW model in the solutions business, which is our scale. Because what it does is, our scale attracts a lot of new entrants. And they're anxious to be a partner of CDW because of what we can do to help grow their business. That also gives us, what I would call, a diversity or breadth of solutions for customers and we've actually seen that play out. If you look at our storage business, it's kind of been a steady mid-single-digit growth as we've had a lot of these new entrants kind of driving growth as the traditional OEM partners transform their product line. And I think what you saw this quarter is the result of some of the traditional providers, that transformation beginning to take place. So as I think about going forward, I would expect us to continue to get growth from both of those two. And as you've heard me talk about last year, I think it feels like for the last five or six quarters, it just continues to be kind of a growth momentum. And I actually, sitting here, love the fact that we've got that kind of new infusion of anxious competitors and traditional people responding because it just drives competition. And that's good for us and it drives solutions for customers in the marketplace. So, I don't want to get into the business of predicting future quarters for different products, because you can get surprised. But I do feel good about the advantage that scale gives us in the solutions business and storage is a good example.
Thomas E. Richards: No, no, that's okay. It was basically flat and it was the tale of two cities story. Just I think I went through that really pretty quickly in the script, where we saw really strong growth in a number of the Public segments, if you will. And we saw a little bit of contraction inside of MedLar.
Thomas E. Richards: I don't think there has been a stutter step in their investment. If you got that, I don't want to suggest that. I think they've been pretty aggressive. And you know, a lot of the OEM partners tell us that, even when they've had depressed revenue and CDW has had depressed revenue, we still are taking share, although it's kind of a weird way to think about it, but and so their investment continues to be significant and meaningful. And a lot of time, as I alluded to, just if you think about it in the last quarter, we had over 50 partners funding programs and strategies and initiatives trying to drive share take, whether it comes in the form of new accounts and/or customer penetration. So they've been pretty consistent and, at least based on many of my one-on-one discussions with the CEOs of a lot of our partners, pretty pleased with CDW.
Thomas E. Richards: No. Let me answer the latter part. I don't think that's playing a role, because not in the, what I would call, overall top-line performance I mean, clearly the incredible success we're having in our cloud business is one of the reasons you're seeing the impact on servers. But I think that's kind of multi-faceted, Brian. You have our cloud business growing. You've got our converged infrastructure kind of business on fire. And so I think those are kind of related. I think the Corporate business was just more a function of, as I said, as you go into a year, we didn't have the number of big deals. Some of that was driven by just the ongoing success and the underlying kind of economic longer selling cycle, lots more discussions when it comes to, gee, do I want to execute this project. So, look, I don't have any systemic worries. Now, having said that, I think the team would tell you, you know, Richards is always worried when it comes to future growth. So, I don't sense that there's any new thing there that would say they wouldn't kind of return to performance. And I think if you look at Small Business, Brian, they're both in the corporate world and the Small Business that continue to grow.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I think that last part, Sherri, is important. We probably have a little more currency headwind post-Brexit than we anticipated the last time we talked. And so that'll be an important part of some of the pressure that happens. I think the second thing is, is you got to look at UK, just as an entity and think about what happens post-Brexit when it comes to pressuring that part of the business. I think those are two factors that kind of sit on top of the total growth rate. I still expect us to outperform the market by 200 to 300 basis points. I still expect Dell to give us 150 basis points. All of those are true, but the two new wild cards is the currency issue and, what I would call, the UK local phenomenon, if I could say it that way.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. Well, I would say it's more just – it's kind of that two factor is the way I think about it, Tien-Tsin, is, yeah, we have some visibility, more visibility in the deals that have already been sold. By definition, they tend to be more solutions-oriented. Now, you do have some client rollouts in there that are meaningful, but I think that the wild card for me is the underlying economy and what happens as we kind of move forward through the rest of this year, because I think that's going to influence business investment and that influence is the corporate side of the world. And we kind of think about it as we can only execute against what goes on in the macroeconomic environment, and we'll continue to do that. But it's kind of like similar to the question Brian asked. Do I think there is some systemic issue inside of that? I do not. This time last year, a couple of those segments were at an 18% growth rate. So kind of, it's just a function of the cycle.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, wow. Okay. No, truthfully, I would say, we're not sitting here anticipating some kind of spend it now or lose it before the new regime gets in. But, hey, stranger things have happened and if they decide they want to spend it, I guarantee you CDW will be there to help them.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Thanks again to everybody. I appreciate you taking the time this morning and thank you for your interest in CDW. I do think it was a strong quarter for us, proud of the team's focus and execution. And our ability to kind of reallocate resources and focus where we have meaningful opportunity continues to be an important part of this business model. And for those of you that need help figuring out how to use IT, we can help you. And since it's Olympics season, I guess my comment would be go USA, go UK, go Canada, all right? Okay. Thanks, everybody. See you.
