Tom Richards: Thanks, Amanda. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today to discuss CDW's fourth quarter and full year 2014 results. With me in the room are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Counsel; and Sari Macrie, our VP, Investor Relations. I'll begin our call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full year performance and share some thoughts on our strategic progress and expectations for 2015. Then I will hand it over to Ann, who will take you through a more detailed review of the financials. After that we will open it up for some questions. But, before we begin, Sari will present the Company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Tom Richards: Yes. I think Ben, my expectation for 2015 is we'll return to what I would describe as a more normal rhythm that we have had in previous years, we had a pretty strong tailwind as you know with the Windows XP and what that caused on the refresh cycle. I think I'm getting out of the business of predicting when cycles end, because I might go for the month. Look, it lasted longer than I thought and obviously at end of the fourth quarter, but what we did see, which I think is important is beginning in the third quarter, the solutions business begin to really come back and really hit a nice rhythm during the second half of the year and we would expect that to continue. Look K-12, I think on this call, you guys have asked me so many times when are they going to run out of the common core digital testing, client device business, I've missed that one a bunch of times, they keep defying logics. So I would tell you, I think they are going to continue to find ways, we have some new things happening in K-12, some e-rate opportunities, which kind of go hand and glove with putting in the networks that are going to help take advantage of digital testing then you have the one-to-one initiative. So we think there is a number of things there to – that will keep that momentum. We think federal was back on our normal rhythm again. Hopefully, we don’t have any exogenous factors like the shutdown. So we think that continues to be strong. You saw a nice year and a really nice end to last year by our corporate gang both med-lar and small business. And we expect that group to continue to grow going forward. So we feel pretty good about heading into 2015, and it's just a little bit of a shift in where the business comes from.
Tom Richards: But, let me sneak in the second one and then I'll flip to Ann. Yes, healthcare this year for us, if you look at the whole year grew about, higher-single digits 9.5. We would expect healthcare to continue to be a mid-to-high single digit growth. I think it is going to have some lumpiness just because of the Affordable Care Act and what its doing to drive out cost causing consolidations. Now I think that would tend to plan our favor because of the breadth of our footprint. But anytime you have consolidations going on, it causes people to pause; try to take cost out and I think you saw then and some of the lumpiness there for sure. But I think on the whole on the average we still expect healthcare to be a good growth segment for us. So I'll let Ann answer the third one.
Tom Richards: Well, if you think about our model, it will impact a couple of different things, I would argue that part of the reason we saw a little bit of improvement in gross margins in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter was the continued improvement of our solutions business, which you are accurate Matt and that is got a higher margin profile. But there is a double-edged sword to everything in life, the downside of that is – is that we, they tend to be more complex, require technical resources as I said in my formal comments and therefore tend to maybe drive up your sales compensation. So we're – that - work this year and the reverse so to speak, because transaction business doesn't require that. Then in next year, while we'll benefit from hopefully maybe having some pressure to grow, I can use that analogy gross margin you'll have the offsetting fact of having to pay more people.
Tom Richards: That is exactly why we focus on the EBIT margin because it's really the things that we can control most and you will hear us talk about the EBIT margin most frequently because of that very reason.
Tom Richards: Matt that is very accurate. Fortunately we're having more than just conversations. We're actually having success. We started in the middle of last year a pretty aggressive and thoughtful Windows 2003 server initiative. We are finding as you might expect, some different kind of feedback from customers. There are many customers that we've been able to already help. And I would suggest that was a small part of why you saw some of the positive growth in servers. But the other thing that, we're hearing is the many customers either through virtualization have created capacity and so there are not necessarily automatically adding new servers, but maybe expanding the capacity of existing servers, in addition to looking at cloud-based solutions, which, as turned out great for us, it's one of the reasons our cloud business as had such exceptional growth. So I think it will be – look it's, I hesitate to use the word tailwind, because of what a big tailwind XP was, but I think it will be a mild tailwind from – for 2015.
Tom Richards: Thanks Tien-tsin. I would say it was more a function of the Windows XP exploration as the kick starter. But I think once people got into the mode of doing that, they were, they took advantage of it and started to just expand it beyond just Windows XP and did a refresh cycle.
Tom Richards: So Brian, I think your description is accurate, although I would probably change it. I'd like, we're actually not holding our own, based on the success of our cloud business, and the SaaS growth rate, it feels, although it's a pretty complicated comparison, truthfully trying to compare the two. But I would think as far as just pure market share and helping customers, I think holding own would be the minimum. As far as the financial model, it's a little bit premature I think, and here's why. As you make the conversion to, in some cases subscription, that becomes a monthly payment process and extends, can extend over multiple years. But then you also have lots of opportunities to upgrade even once that's in place and we really haven't seen that play out yet. I can tell you that the complexity and just the thought of going through which workloads do I want to put in the cloud, how do I want to think about my on-prem solutions versus what I have off-prem, has caused many of our customers to actually come to us and say help us think through this. And that's why we've added those cloud client executives this year. We're now up to 15. Those people can sit down with customers and actually have that detailed planning discussion. So up to this point it's been, as I said at the IPO, it's been a positive thing for CDW and our cloud growth has been exceptional.
Tom Richards: Well, let me answer the second one first, Bill. The second one is it was more balanced this quarter. We saw strong growth from what you might think of is the more traditional solutions from a storage perspective. But we continue to see strong growth from the emerging brands and a lot of the flash technology so I just think it was a quarter where you had balanced growth, probably why we had a pretty good quarter overall relative to the growth rate. When we think of solutions, it's a much broader context than for us just servers and storage. It's our NetComm business, which has been a really stable and strong growing business. If you look at our performance over the last multiple quarters, NetComm is usually in the top two or three growth categories every quarter, which I think is a manifestation of what's going on in the data center as well as the growth in cloud computing. The second thing is our services practice, which is another meaningful part of our solutions business and again that's been a really strong growth for us, tied to our deployment of those customer-facing coworkers I talked about that are close to customers that can help do managed solutions and services. And the other one, converged infrastructure, which is something we don't talk about a lot, it includes network, but it also includes our security practice which is growing very aggressively in our collaboration practice, which is growing aggressively. So that is kind of more of a holistic picture, I didn't even get into the mobility part that I mentioned in the script so that's really how we think about solutions, not just the server and storage.
Tom Richards: I would say yes, Sherri. First of all, if you think about CDW being a $12 billion business, our addressable market is over $200 billion so, there – and that's just in the U.S. Lots of upside for us relative to market share and market share opportunity both with existing customers and with those customers that unfortunately aren't customers of CDW at this point, yet. The second thing would be your point about the solutions business, obviously gives us opportunities to further penetrate into the data center and become more trusted advisors with our customers. So it really is a combination of both.
Tom Richards: Jerry, that's a good question. Look, we still – there's a significant number of school districts that have not deployed yet and there is some discussion about whether they would extend the date relative to reimbursement funding. So I wouldn't be surprised if you saw some of the school districts extend their acquisition, especially when you think about the kind of linkage to the one-to-one initiative from a digital curriculum standpoint. So I don't think we should depend on the fury that we've kind of seen, to get ready, but I wouldn't be surprised if we saw school districts in the first half of the year trying to get ready for spring 2015.
Tom Richards: I think the thing about the NetComm growth is it has been really consistent both before the big client refresh and through the client refresh. I think it's a function of kind of the popularity and growth in mobility inside of businesses. It's a function of the increased use of cloud computing. So there's a number of things that are driving it that are in addition to the client refresh. So that is why we would expect it to continue to be a good growth category for us.
Tom Richards: Well look, we have spent, obviously additional time with Kelway. We've had three or four months of working closer with the team. And as I said I think on the last call, we think there are learning opportunities for both sides both operationally, go-to-market. So our focus has been on the pilot that we've been operating for 18 months. We're going to continue to operate in that role even though we're a 35% investor in Kelway. But I don't think you should be sitting here going, okay, CDW is going to increase its ownership automatically Kelway's margins are going to dramatically increase. I think that's an unfair assumption. We do think there are lots of opportunities though for us to improve the efficiencies on both sides of the pond.
Tom Richards: Oh yes. I do. Yes, absolutely. It'd be pretty hard for them to repeat the incredible growth they had in 2013 and 2014, but we do believe K-12 remains a growth business for CDW.
Tom Richards: We don’t share those kind of attrition and quite honestly I don't know the competitors. I can't tell you this that it continues to be a place where people start and in many cases finish their career, and I think that speaks volumes about the work environment. And I've often said this, I think the reason CDW takes such good care of its customers is because the co-workers take such good care of each other first.
Tom Richards: Okay. Thank you again to everybody for taking time out of your morning to talk about CDW. We appreciate your interest. We are very proud of 2014, and equally as excited about 2015 and the things we're going to be able to do to help customers. So if your company isn't taking advantage of CDW you know where to find us. And as always it's Valentine's Day. Go hug somebody. Thanks everybody, see you.
Ann Ziegler: Yes. On the repurchases Ben, what we've committed to is that, we'll buyback enough shares to offset dilution from our equity plans and that would be roughly 2 million shares in the year. I would say that's a minimum commitment, the repurchase is structured to permit us to buy along any secondary that our sponsors may do. But that will depend on market conditions and timing.
Ann Ziegler: No. Brian, it was mix. That was what I was alluding to, because the revenues grew so much and vendor funding is a little bit more of a fixed dollar, so while the dollars were higher, just as the mix impact it had a negative margin effect.
Ann Ziegler: So let me address the last question first. Under the remaining 8.5% notes we have outstanding, there's a restricted payment basket, which would be obviously hit if we did a share buyback. That dollar amount is roughly $225 million as of the end of Q4. Obviously, that restriction would go away once we refinance the 8.5% and then the relevant RP basket becomes the one under the term loan, which at this point is in excess of $700 million so much less of a restriction. In terms of how aggressive we're going to be on the buy back this year it's not – I guess I don't mean to say we're not going to be more aggressive. What I'm saying is the minimum commitment that we've made is to offset dilution. Whether we become more aggressive depends on market conditions, opportunities, obviously if we exercise our call option on Kelway that will be a use of cash as well. So at this point in the year, it's just hard to be more specific than that. We'll obviously do the minimum commitment.
Ann Ziegler: Yes. I was alluding to the interest rate dropping because we've indicated that we'll refinance the 8.5% no later than when they've first become callable, which is in April of 2015. So it's too soon to say the amount of that drop because I don't know what the markets are going to be and what we'll be able to refinance that. The two most recent refinancings we did at 5.5% and 6%, but it depends on market conditions when we do that refinancing.
Ann Ziegler: Yes. I mean I think the way you need to think about it is we focus on EBITDA, EBITDA margins and we're looking at maintaining those margins. So we would expect the EBITDA margins to be relatively consistent with the rest of the growth coming from further interest reductions as well as stock buy backs.
Ann Ziegler: At this point we are expecting relatively normal seasonality as we move through the year. Now that can obviously change as exogenous factors happen during near but right now we are looking for roughly normal seasonality.
Ann Ziegler: At this point, it's all translation adjustment. I mean Canada buys in dollars and pays in dollars and so it's a translation adjustment. We did take about a 40 basis point hit to top line growth in 2014 because of that translation adjustment. When you look at Kelway at this point it's a relatively de minimis part of the business, you saw the small amount that we reported in other income net. And again, its translation adjustment so at this point we are not doing any hedges.
