Chris Leahy: Okay. Good morning, Mr. Samik. Let me get to the first question first on the commercial side. Look, I'll just say again that the environment this year, all year, frankly, has been cautious. It's been uneven -- has been challenging. All that said, I would say one thing that has held true is investments in technology continue to be a priority for all of our customers. What that's looked like in terms of their spending has been pretty consistent throughout the year as well. Commercial customers have remained focused on cost optimization throughout the year on operating efficiency, on experience, both employee and customer experience. And they have been more focused on consumption based and ratable solutions like cloud, much more hesitant to make significant upfront capital investments and very much focused on managing their costs throughout the year, given the fact that we continue to not have the clarity, I'd say, in the business environment that would give them the confidence to invest more heavily. Now remember, what we're seeing from where our customers are investing and how they're investing across cloud, security in some of these areas that I call mission-critical has been very strong. Clouds up double digits, securities up double digits, software is up significantly. And this is the customer reflecting the need for technology to drive their missions forward. In terms of the real impact to commercial, I would look at hardware and in particular clients. We saw some budgets loosening up a little bit in the second quarter, and we anticipated that, that would lead to a modest recovery, I'd say, in the back half of the year in hardware, in particular, in the client device. That's not proved to be true. Our customers in -- across corporate and small business are not seeing the clarity of the business climate and therefore not willing to increase their spend in that area. But net-net, what I would say about commercial is still investing behind technology in a different bucket, a bucket that is more cloud-based right now, more ratable, more prudent and measured around the immediate spend, but still very much seeing technology as critical to their mission, as I said. As we think about next year, look, we'll give you our views as we get through the year. One thing I'd say again about client devices is we're not seeing the pickup or signs of a pickup that we were hoping to see in the last half of the year. So when that happens, we'll see. But once there's clarity in the market, we might get to see that, but we have not seen those signs just yet. And that's where I'd leave it. I think we've got to get through the last couple of months. Here's what I just close with. The good news, which is the investment behind our strategy as physicians CDW to be able to offer our customers the broad portfolio, and we are seeing when they need help with their technology no matter where it sits across the full stack or the life cycle. Our sales and technical teams are there. And the good news is I'm really pleased with what I'll say is the engagement, the activity, the discussion and the depth with which we're ingraining our relationships with those customers. So feeling very good about when we kind of come out of the curve, we'll accelerate out with our customers. You've seen that in the past, and I wouldn't expect it to be any different at this time.
Chris Leahy: Yes, sure, Erik. Here's -- I'd just say, it was pretty stable throughout the whole quarter. You'll remember, in Q2, we talked about an uptick as we went through the quarter, and that gave us some level of confidence that there might be some more clarity in the business climate. In Q3, we just kind of saw the same level of activity across the three months.
Chris Leahy: On the PC side, the question you asked about a potential “discipline” and I'd say a couple of things. I mentioned earlier that we have not seen picking up in activity around client devices. And as we know, that's the last place that our customers start to spend again once they're feeling better about the business market. But what I would say is, we are certainly closer to the end of a downside than we are to the beginning. So that's quite clear. The other point I would make is that consumer tends to react earlier to market changes than the commercial business. So when you see a bit of a lag in terms of what we are suggesting versus what you might see from OEMs, et cetera, Part of that is who is doing the buying. The second is the timing of the market in terms of the kind of flush of inventory into the channel from the OEMs and distributors and then us to the end market. So that will account for a quarter or two of differences.
Chris Leahy: Yeah. Amit, look, I guess I'd say it this way, we've been here so many times before. The team knows how to manage through both the uncertainty. And if we do have a shutdown, have to manage through that, we're past the year-end, which is good. I would say that, projects that are in-flight already will stay in flight. There might be some projects that are in flight that might be on hold. I'd say that's really we're looking at 2024. But the good news is we have a team that has executed in and out of these -- these environments, I guess, sadly, in some regards, but in these environments many, many times, and I have great confidence they'll do a terrific job this time as well.
Chris Leahy: Yeah. Good morning Matt. On the international front, we did start to see a downtick in Q2, which we mentioned on our last call. And I would just say, it continues with a steepness we hadn't anticipated in the third quarter. And that is across the business, very, very similar to what we've seen in the US throughout the year. And our expectation is, as Al mentioned, is we're probably a couple of quarters behind on the international front. That's both the UK and Canada in terms of performance and demand and the certainty in the market there. So that's what we're seeing.
Chris Leahy: Yeah. Matt, it's a great question. AI is on everybody's mind. And I think the short answer to your question is, yes, we do expect customers to get excited about AI enabled client devices. And if we just take a step back, and I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we're at the front end of commercialization and development, but obviously, it's going very quickly. And the way we think about it is we're building what I would call our end-to-end full stack capabilities. AI is going to be integrated into all technology products across the full stack. It's going to need the infrastructure optimized to support AI. It's going to need services to be able to move from arrival to adoption. And so we are very much aligned with all of our partners, in fact, building practices with our partners around AI enabled technology. And so yes, we think customers will be excited. And again, CDW is well-positioned to help them make across the full stack and in particular, client devices. It's just there's more choice in complexity in the market. And thinking years back, Matt, where customers had to think about the technology choice, the brand choice, then we had consumption, then we have CapEx versus OpEx models. Now we've got intelligence across all of the full stack, it's getting more complicated. That said, there's a very high expectation within all of our customers that their CTOs and CIOs and their line of business leaders are thinking about how artificial intelligence can help drive their efficiency and their experiences for their customers. So look, we see it as an accelerant I think from a timing perspective, it will move fairly quickly, but we are still at the very front end stages.
Chris Leahy: Yeah, I think the question was on share gains. Hi, George, good morning. Look, here's what I'd say. We hold ourselves accountable over the long term to outperforming the market by 200 to 300 basis points. And we feel very confident that we're continuing to do that. When I think about other periods when we had weaker hardware environment 2016 comes to mind. And in that environment, we had hardware declines, but we noted that our netted down solutions, which in those -- back in 2016 would have been software and software assurance and things like that. We're growing at a faster base, fast forward to now. And when we look at the customer spend, what customers are investing through CDW, we're seeing a delta of more than 5%. So it's a fairly big delta, and we feel very confident that we continue to take share across our markets, and we'll do so in 2023 and over the long run.
Chris Leahy: Yeah. I would say on the M&A side, I think about that as a vehicle for investing behind our strategy. And you've seen us invest both organically and through acquisitions very successfully. And again, kudos to the team for on companies that we've joined with on both sides for both moving quickly and creating more value for our customers as a result of those investments. And those have been primarily, as you know, along capabilities there are advanced solutions related, cloud, security, digital things that you are now seeing really strength in the market and strength in our business. So we'll continue to look at M&A opportunistically. And if it's the right fit, we certainly would consider moving forward is always on the docket. We're never out of the market. But I'll have Al chat a little bit about cash position.
Chris Leahy: Yeah, Ruplu good morning, and I would say you've got it right, our track record of outperformance we were seeing refreshing hardware is strong. And part of that is our ability to gain share. And part of that is the fact that those are recognized on the top line net basis. And so we tend to outperform our premium as a result of those two things. In terms of looking forward, I just repeat a little of what I said, Ruplu, which is we do feel that clients, the downswing is kind of we're at the back end of that cycle, if you will, as opposed to the start of that cycle. That said, as Al mentioned, it's really a sentiment-driven market right now driving demand. And until our larger commercial customers had a level of confidence in the business climate, we think that client device and even data center refresh will be kind of the last point where they start to invest more dollars. Now, you're right, we're -- we've got a refresh cycle. We've got 40-year-old Tove devices, et cetera. We've got Win 11 coming. So there are a lot of things in the market that will certainly be a tailwind for client devices. AI, as we mentioned, embedded in client devices, those are all going to be positive. And I would also add that our teams are definitely having conversations with customers about refresh in terms of planning, we're just not seeing that convert. And again, we'll be ready when they're ready to convert, but it's just not to converting yet.
Chris Leahy: Thank you very much. And let me close by recognizing the incredible dedication and hard work of our nearly 15,000 coworkers around the globe. Their ongoing commitment to serving our customers is what makes us successful. Thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to help you achieve your goals, and thank you to those listening for your time and continued interest in CDW. Al and I look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Al Miralles: Yeah. Thanks, and good morning, Erik. I think they definitely can coexist. I think what we've seen in the environment Erik, it's essentially, I'll say, commercial customers kind of fixing on their spend and choosing to weight that towards more of these netted down revenue streams, if you will and holding back on some of these other spend items in IT hardware and particularly in clients. But our expectation and our expectation was that with less uncertainty in the economic environment, we would see an incremental pickup on the hardware side, in particular clients. And so the expectation would be that the durable trend of our netted down revenues would persist and likely outpace net sales, but we also would see pickup in some other categories. So I do believe that, that would co-exist, we're not seeing in the current environment in a more cautious environment, but that's what hopefully the future will hold.
Al Miralles: Yeah, sure. Good morning David, it's Al. I'll start. Overall, I'll just break it down a bit by segment. So look, as Chris suggested in Q2 what we were seeing from customers might have suggested that with a bit more clarity in the economic environment that things would pick up. And again, we noted that we would have anticipated that would be more IT hardware and PC. That has not played out, and we have seen this really sentiment-driven environment has driven buying behavior. So on the commercial side, corporate and small business, we would say stable but not showing a pickup. With respect to our public business, first, they've executed exceptionally well, but I would say pretty much in line with expected seasonality. And then maybe lastly, I would just note in the international markets, we anticipated that you would see some moderation on the demand side in Q3 and our expectations for Q4 I would say that's worse than expected. And we would call it as maybe a few quarters behind what we've seen in the demand market in the US. So there are a couple of the puts and takes in terms of the demand environment, what we saw in Q3 as well as Q4. And then, David, just to your point on backlog, as Chris suggested in her prepared remarks, our backlog is nearing normalization. Maybe the lagging piece would be more networking, but we're getting close to what we'd call normalization. So no significant impact as we sit here now.
Al Miralles: Sure, Amit. Thanks for the question. So a couple of things I would note. I think if I kind of parse the pickup we've had in our operating margins, a few things. Number one is we benefited from -- obviously, really strong gross profit margins up 200 basis points year-over-year. And that is a function of a few things, but I'd say most notably a mix of business. And so a lot of that gross profit margin pickup is dropping down into our operating margins. The other piece, Amit, would be really just our efforts to align our expenses with what we're seeing in the business and demand vectors and that is our efforts Q1, Q2 along those lines certainly helped. We have kind of a targeted range, and I've talked about this before of high 54s into the 55 of expenses relative to GP, and that's kind of our sweet spot in this environment. That's where we're operating. Now, I'll just say that is notwithstanding, we continue to invest behind our strategy, but at the same time, we have significant efforts to drive productivity, efficiency, kind of, managing our expenses commensurate with where we stand in. So they are the major components that are driving our operating margins. So Amit, I would just maybe just say that in terms of durability, you can expect we're going to continue on the efficiency front while we invest the impacts or influence of gross margin. Certainly, the netted down growth is going to continue to help that in that regard. But as we mix more into transactional products and PC start to come back, you could have some dilution effect there. So we certainly have moved quickly on the operating margin. Some of that ultimately could see giving back, but you're going to see different geography in our income statement as it plays out.
Al Miralles: Yeah, George, I would just add. Obviously, M& A is always front and center for us. And as we think about our capital priorities, we're going to balance strategically where are the opportunities that are going to add value to us as well as the tactic where our valuations and where can we kind of best deploy our money. So stay tuned on that. You can see that kind of we do have a -- a cash position in place, and it is a volatile and variable environment. So we certainly value optionality with respect to our capital in this environment. George, to your comment about where can we expect we're going to look across and we'll continue to look across the ecosystem of opportunities. Our last acquisition was Enquizit that was in the cloud space, mostly focused in federal. So you can imagine some of those revenue streams would have a higher concentration than netted down. But I wouldn't per se that's part of our strategy. It's going to be more about the capabilities. So more to come on that front.
Al Miralles: Sure, Ruplu. So a few things. Number one, we've said before and we continue to say we would expect, as we look forward, that netted down revenues would outpace our overall net sales, if you will. So I'd say, give you that one data point. I will note that the mix into netted down this year has been more extreme and a couple of metrics that I'll just note; number one, netted down for the quarter of $400 million was 7% of our net sales, but 32.6% of our GP and you can go back sequentially and look at what that looked like. But it's notable both sequentially and I'd say, versus prior year. If you try to put those dollars on a more even basis with net sales that grows up, you'd get a sense for the impact. And I think, and Chris alluded to this, it would suggest that our decline in net sales is pretty considerably less than if you looked at it on this customer spend basis. So there are a couple of things you could look at from a math perspective that would show the pretty notable growth and outsized impact even down has had this year.
Al Miralles: Sure. Thanks, Adam. Great question. A couple of things I would call out. First, like I gave you the range how we think about expenses. Just understand kind of underneath the engine there, there are puts and takes in terms of the -- where are we driving productivity, where we're driving efficiency. Not only to kind of keep within that range, but also to make sure that we can appropriately fund investment opportunities. I think what you can expect is those efficiency efforts will continue, but we will continue to invest. And you noted that our headcount was slightly up, but it was up. If you look at the gross effect of the those -- that headcount would look at more significant, if you will, from a gross basis. So look, I think it's a balancing act. I think, Adam, as we start to see the demand cycle start to turn in some of the areas we've talked about we would certainly accelerate and continue to ramp-up on the investment side. But I would call the efficiency efforts somewhat evergreen. And so therefore, when you add that up, we're still going to try to remain within a range. I would not be able to tell you definitively every quarter, if we show operating leverage, there could be some quarters where we say there was a great opportunity. And therefore, we have less operating leverage or de-lever but it's going to be a big quarter-to-quarter with kind of that strategic balance that I mentioned on top of that.
Al Miralles: Yeah, absolutely, Adam. So I've talked about in the past, obviously, mix matters, and we've had a pretty extreme mix movement particularly this year on these netted down revenues in lieu of hardware, PCs, et cetera. Certainly, we would expect that to balance out over time. And so that is a variable that would dilute gross margins. The other piece, Adam, would be that in general, product margins have held very firm. And if you look back over the last two years, they've actually moved up quite a bit. So there's been resiliency there. I would also note that though in that, there is this component of more upmarket premium spend on higher level, higher value product that is persisting, and we're seeing that continue to hold up. And there may be an element there that what you bought in the way of premium product. Now you're in it and you're going to continue to invest in that same way. And then the last component, Adam, I would note, and we know this, that over time, you could see commoditization. We've not seen that, but it's conceivable that some of that could come back over time. So we are at pretty significant levels in terms of gross margin when you add those components up. Certainly, components that I referenced that are durable and in some areas, some components that could be somewhat transitory and we could see at a bit over time.
