Thomas E. Richards: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today to discuss CDW's fourth quarter and full year 2015 results. With me in the room are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Counsel; and Sari Macrie, our VP, Investor Relations. I'll begin our call with an overview of our full year and fourth quarter performance and share some thoughts on our strategic progress and expectations for 2016. Then I will hand it over to Ann, who will take you through a more detailed review of the financials. After that, we will open it up for some questions. But before we begin, Sari will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Good morning, Matt. Thanks for your question. Yes, first of all, let's start with kind of the premise that despite our success, we still only have 6% of the addressable market. So I think that's a great starting point. Yes, we do expect our cloud success to continue. It's of interest to customers, but I think I've said this at least for the last three years or four years, I do believe that customers will settle in on a hybrid model for their IT infrastructure, and as such that will include parts of the platform being on-prem. If you think about our results this quarter, Matt, I think it's an interesting example. Servers grew very nicely in the quarter, which indicates that you can have both and you will have both as customers kind of look at workloads and make the decision where the workload is best positioned. I think if you look at our storage results this quarter, mid-single digits, a lot of that driven by emerging technology. If you think about converged infrastructure, which I would argue is kind of an on-prem response in some ways to a pure cloud model, I think you've got lots of opportunities. And then the last one is think about the netcomm. We've had this drumbeat going, if you will, on successful netcomm growth – meaningful successful netcomm growth. So I think all of those can co-exist and it's especially exciting for us, because we still have a relatively small percent of the overall addressable market.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I think, it's best, Matt, to actually break it into the two subcomponents, because each of them have a little different dynamics going on. If you think about K-12, a lot of what was a real challenge from a growth perspective to that group this year was the bizarre success they had in 2014 and most of it driven by Common Core curriculum. So as many of you pointed out to us when we were on the road last year, how are you going to grow on top of that, that now is kind of behind that group. I think another interesting thing, and you saw it in the results in the quarter, is as the eRate funds begin to flow that you see an increase in solutions business. And so K-12 had a nice quarter in some of the, what we would call, data center products, be they netcomm, be they servers and storage. And so we would expect that balance to be more representative going forward and as you also know. And I don't want to become an expert on eRate here, but the eRate of 2015 is still being deployed and we're yet beginning the eRate process for 2016. So you will look at that as a great opportunity for the people in K-12. If you go to higher-ed, it's a function of a lot of those institutions depend on state funds. And I think some of what you saw in the last half of last year was just directly tied to state funding. I know I serve on the board of a higher education institution. That certainly was a challenge for that institution, and we're anticipating that that's going to get resolved sometime during the year and things will return to normal in higher-ed.
Thomas E. Richards: No, I think, look, if you just think about the mixed economic signals here in the last probably 30 days or 60 days, on the strong side, you've got the labor market, you've got unemployment, you've got gas prices, you've got all of those things that would typically drive the consumer spending. But at the same time, as you guys know you've got weakness in manufacturing and the oil industry and you've got kind of general macro worldwide economic concern, and I think you just sense. Now, I don't have a statistic, Rich, but you just sense a little bit of angst and we think while that's angst driven by the financial markets, we do think it causes people to be a little more thoughtful and cautious. But you also, I think, have confidence that as we move through the year, we kind of get some stability that we'll get back to that 3% range. So it's more of what do we sense. If you're asking like are customers coming to us saying, we're delaying our decisions, I would say it's not that stark. I think there are people just being more cautious right now as we kind of see how this plays out.
Thomas E. Richards: No, look, we're pretty thoughtful about that on an ongoing basis, Rich, and so we are going to be opportunistic where it makes the sense to do that from an inventory standpoint. And so much of the business today doesn't necessarily just come into the warehouse, whether it's because it's customized or it's driven by software, that isn't quite kind of the big challenge it probably was five years ago.
Thomas E. Richards: Good morning, Amit. Look, I think it obviously continues to grow. I think Michael put the number out there, a $1 billion, which I told him thanks a lot. But we do see the relationship expanding and again not necessarily at the cost of our other partners, because at 5% or 6% market share, there's lots of opportunity for us. I think we're trying to be thoughtful about it, because of the customers' expectation of what we deliver and wanting to do it right. And so we think that kind of 2016, if you will, will be kind of the first full year of the ramp.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes. Gee, it's tough to quantify that for you, Mark, truthfully. I think if you think about it by product family, obviously in the storage business, you continue to see this incredible growth, that is offsetting some of the legacy products and it produced in the quarter, what, mid-single-digit. So, I think that's probably representative of where most of the emerging players are coming from with the exception of security where we, as I think mentioned in the script, continue to add new security partners and the growth rates are triple-digits. It's not necessarily that way in every one of the product suites where you have an influx, it really is in specific product areas and right now, we're seeing most of the emerging vendors in converged infrastructure, storage, if you keep that as a separate category, and software, I think, are where the biggest new players are.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. Well, from a penetration of wallet, Mark, you're kind of dead-on to the strategy so to speak is that if you think about our historic legacy, which was predominantly kind of a hardware driven and you think about the evolution of technology, the more dominating position software is playing, even in hardware like network is a great example or netcomm. And then you expand it to kind of the issue for our customers, this is IT resource issue and the need to have a partner that can take on some of those implementation and service activities, we would expect that to become an increasingly large part of our business and you add on top of that, cloud computing, which you could argue is more of a services play. I think you should look to and we expect the services business and therefore the good margins, which is implied that go with that business to be an increasing part of our profile going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Well, Matt, first as I think I alluded to in the script, the integration itself is on plan and going well. And more specifically, you heard me mention that the cross business is building, so to speak, cross-border business. Just to give you a perspective, since we started this process, I can tell you we've got 10 or 11 pretty significant deals that have come as a result of this integration and it's generated north of $50 million in business. So as we would have expected, you're beginning to see the momentum build. Having said that, I think we're still at the tip of the iceberg, only because we are being pretty careful about the customers and what they're looking for and how we respond to those customers, just because the subject of international can be – if you just say, are you in the international business that can be a pretty large part of the world, so to speak, and so we're being thoughtful. If you remember, Kelway is a UK-dominant company at this point with, I think I'd shared last time about 90% of their revenue is coming from the UK. But they have built a hub-and-spoke strategy, where they have locations in other parts of the world and that will be the way we will continue to expand our capabilities is by following that kind of hub-and-spoke expansion. And typically, it's done by following a customer to a particular area and then using that to expand in the area.
Thomas E. Richards: All right, let me take the second one first. And keep me honest here, if I don't answer the first one second. So, on Windows 10, I think there's a decent amount of interest. I think though, Matt, what they're doing is following their normal refresh cycle. And when the opportunity presents itself then they would implement Windows 10. I don't believe it's a kind of full course spread, let's go get it done now, it's more of we're on this normal cycle, it appears to be from many different vantage points, it provides power and different efficiencies, but it's not a – if you're thinking about is it a massive tailwind, the way Windows XP expiration was, I would say no, the word I've used is, it's going to be a gentle breeze at our back. The second thing is, this year was an interesting year for us in the client devices, especially notebooks, and to a equal degree, tablets, because we had that incredible 2014. If you think about it, even from a notebook and mobile device perspective, on top of – I think in 2014, that category grew something like 36% or some ridiculous number, this year we were in the mid-single digits. So I think pretty impressive considering that we would expect it to continue to be kind of a normal part of the growth trajectory. In fact, I tell people all the time, even before 2014, if you look at our performance in client devices in 2011 and 2012, even when all people reporting death of the PC, et cetera, et cetera, that continued to be a growth business for us, a steady growth business. We have no reason to believe that's not going to be the case continuing going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: And, I think you have to start with, Brian. I think even as you noted in some of your published material is that we originally built the original targets on a 3% and we're saying we think it's going to start at 2%. That has a corresponding impact all the way through the business, nothing has changed about how we feel about Kelway, nothing has changed about how we feel about Canada. I think you also though have to then consider the currency impact which is obviously a little different than it was and if you kind of take those two things out of the equation, I think it looks pretty much exactly the way we stated so that hopefully gets you squared with the number.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes, Sherri, I think in the script I actually remember the numbers, triple-digit growth, in our flash business.
Thomas E. Richards: So, your instincts are right on, it is becoming like any other new technology, the more it gets deployed, the more costs come down, the greater customers deploy the technology. And so, it is driving a big part of the emerging growth in our business, which has at this point more than offset the, what I will call the legacy business.
Thomas E. Richards: I can help, I think that's a great question, because it does sometimes get lost in the shuffle so to speak. If you looked at it today, the lion's share of our services business is kind of project management driven, right, that's implementing a netcomm solution for somebody, but if you think about areas like infrastructure-as-a-service, remote network management and monitoring, some of the SaaS products, those are all more in the what I'll call recurring revenue stream even though that today still isn't pure Sherri, because I think people are still adopting to how do I deliver a recurring revenue capability. But I would tell you my instincts are that over time, that will increase, now I don't know what the pace is going to be, but I do see if you just think about us building our command center, it was to address an ongoing opportunity in remote network management and monitoring and that is more of a recurring revenue service capability.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Thanks again everybody for taking the time this morning. I appreciate your questions and your interest in CDW. And I'm going to close with, it's Valentine's Day and Sari holds her breath when we get to this part of the call. So for all you guys out there, don't blow it, you'll pay for it for a long time. And if I can appeal to your emotional quotient, I read yesterday that $13 billion are spent on Valentine's Day. So from an economic perspective, please contribute to the economy. Thanks everybody. See you.
