Thomas E. Richards: Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you today and to report our first quarter results. Joining me on the call today are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Counsel; and Sari Macrie, our Vice President, Investor Relations. I'll begin today's call with a brief overview of our results and key drivers, and we'll run through the financials and then we'll go right to your questions. But before we begin, Sari will provide a few comments regarding what we will share with you today.
Thomas E. Richards: First of all, thank you and good morning. Yeah, we were obviously pleased regarding Corporate's return to growth. Although we did, I think on previous calls, indicate that we were starting to see that kind of momentum in the Corporate segment, there were a number of, I think, key drivers for this. Some of it was – you saw a pretty strong performance in the transaction side of our business. So I think many customers considered some of the what I'll call industry shortages when it comes to components and looked at this might be a good time to execute the refresh, and we certainly saw that in both our notebook and our desktop. I think that was one area of key drivers. I think the second was just the really excellent quarter of execution by the leadership team and focus. And there is a general sense – there has been a general sense of, as I said, optimism. Although I'm not sure people run out and spend optimism on big projects, you can't deny the fact that on shorter-tail projects, it did instill some confidence in the market.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, that is a great question. It's interesting, I tried to allude to some of this. In the description of the type of coworkers we add, one of the things to think about, and this is a little bit of the model evolution, quite honestly, at CDW, as we've built off that technical organization and technical and services team is over 2,000 strong, in many ways, you should consider this as almost adding arrows to the quiver for the seller because it is technical assets and resources that our customers can use, and that drives larger, more complex deals, which tends to drive increased productivity. So, that's just one way that the model has evolved and it's helping us drive productivity in the organization. The other is we have had, for the last four, five years, a pretty strong approach on sales force management and prescriptive selling, so to speak, and productivity, and it's something we track and measure and make investments in helping the sellers. And another good example is the investment we're making in e-commerce. If you think about our enhancing our e-commerce platform, what you're doing is helping drive interested customers to the sales force. So, those are just two examples of the ways in which we've been able to sustain that improved productivity over a number of years.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, Matt, we did see an increase in what I would call more of the strategic projects. I just don't know that it's at full force yet. Look, I think anybody who watches what's going on in Washington, whether it's tax reform or a regulatory rollback, is optimistic that they will happen, but also a realist in that it's going to take time and there's a lot of work to get there. And I think – I know it sounds trite to say guys like me don't spend on optimism. I think you actually have to see some things happening, which will give you maybe that increased confidence. Even the consistency in the economy, if you think about GDP in the first quarter was, what, 0.7% or something, and even underneath that, there were some inconsistency, where you had consumer kind of pull back and you had an increase in business investment. And, Matt, my sense is when you start to see a number of the factors kind of play out in actuality is when you're going to see people get even more aggressive on what I'll call bigger, more complex projects.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, you're right. It is coming up on two years and we are – if I can take this as an opportunity to say how just incredibly pleased we are with the UK and their performance and what they've meant to our customers. Matt, we tend to look at it, I think, from a pretty straightforward perspective. We focus on organic growth as the key driver here, and I think we've demonstrated a long history of, despite our size and success, the ability to continue to outperform the market from an organic perspective and we'll continue to invest in that. Having said that, the strategy has also been consistent. There are parts of the marketplace where we may be motivated to acquire something because of speed to market or because of the capability. And I will tell you we are aggressively looking and considering and entertaining things that may enhance that. And when we find something that feels like it fits the right strategy and matches our capital allocation priorities, then we'll be ready to go.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Yeah. Well, I think as you alluded to, we've had pretty consistent outstanding growth. I think some of that is driven by just the market in general and customers looking at workload-specific situations. And you heard me allude to which workloads, at least for us, seem to be very appealing from a cloud perspective, backup and recovery, security, collaboration, just to name a few, as well as our platform, infrastructure-as-a-service, which is just like raw compute. I think the thing that's happening is customers are looking at on a pretty regular basis now, each time they make a decision, where do I want the workload? Where does it make sense for me? And we actually believe that the world will continue to be kind of a hybrid solution for people for various reasons, whether it's the economics, their capital allocation strategy inside of their business. I would say that our growth has been a function of the breadth of the offering and the number of places where we can help people migrate to the cloud. It's also the services that we've kind of wrapped around our cloud offering product, probably one of the most visible ones is kind of this cloud consulting role where we can go in and help a customer assess those workloads. If you think about our value proposition, Mark, and it is to kind of take the complexity out of it and you think about the market we focus on, those technical resources that I referred to in I think the first question, are part of the big differentiator and why we're able to help grow the cloud the way we have been.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Good morning, Matt. Yes, and I'll make sure I'll answer all these in line here. Yes, we felt like we were able to get ahead of it, at least right now. Part of that is the capacity and the ability to have our own distribution capability enables us to, if you will, buy in advance where we can. So, I think that certainly helps with the allocation to customers. Yes, I think the second one was yes, we did see and we'll see increased pricing. I think whether or not that gets passed on to customers, Matt, is a function of what goes on in the marketplace truthfully. You can't really dictate how people are going to behave and what they're going to do and what kind of pressure they're feeling to grow top line. So I don't know that I could predict anything with clarity on how that will play out. I think a function of it might be, Matt, how long people think those shortages may last. If they believe those shortages, and you've probably read this like I have, might end by the end of the year, they might not have the dramatic impact. But if they think they're going to last for a long time and you see a scarcity of a resource, I mean, you know how that one will play out.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, I think the way you said it is yes. And yes, because we were able to buy in advance, we were able to deliver. Now, I think again, it kind of tails – it kind of links right back to my point. If the shortage plays itself up by the end of the year, then I think we shouldn't have major shortages for customers, so to speak, on end products. But if it extends, then I think you're eventually going to have that work through the supply chain.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, you kind of have to break it down into two buckets. Do I expect the education market in general to continue to be a strong growth driver for CDW? Absolutely. I think we did see the E-Rate funds begin to flow this quarter, which helped drive the K-12 growth. I would expect for the back half of the year, Matt, that to kind of return to normal growth, and normal growth we expect that to be a meaningful contributor to our performance. And I think the success in the college, university or higher ed marketplace, we would expect to continue. Now, do I realistically expect it to be a strong as it was the first quarter? I'd love that. I'm not sure the team would love me to say that, but I think we can expect it to continue to perform throughout the year.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, Shannon, let me kind of reiterate what the driver was behind the decision. I have felt for some time that of all of our markets, the consumption model in that market is changing as quickly and as fast as any we have, faster obviously. And I felt like if we could create a little more focus by having a group and a sector, if you were, a segment that reported to me that woke up every day and all they thought about from top to bottom was the Small Business market, including not only selling to it, but how we might service it differently, how we might provide technical support differently that we would be able to gain more than our fair share of the market opportunity that sits there. And so that was the driver behind the unit. If you think about that group and the resources they have available then to make technology decisions, they're not as significant as those in the Corporate segment. Yet, they still want to avail themselves of the same kind of capability. And so it was more about making sure that we customize how we thought about Small Business from selling to solutions to services, and that's the real mission that that group has.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. Well, first of all, Shannon, we had a strong relationship with Dell prior to the introduction of that program, so I don't know that – we're sitting here with all these dramatically new benefits because they treated CDW pretty well from the onset of our relationship last year, and they've continued to execute really well. And so I would say they're – I don't look for any incremental upside for us just because of the existing relationship.
Thomas E. Richards: All right. Thank you. I haven't had the inning question for a while. So, look, I think the word I've been using when it comes to Win 10 is a general breeze here when it comes to this impact on CDW. I do think we've been moving around a little bit on the Win 7 versus Win 10 and how long can you ship Win 7 and compatibility issues. And I think, look, I don't know that we're in any particular inning. I will tell you if you think about just the experience of CDW, the last major refresh like we had was in, I think, 2014. So we're on year three, year four, feels about right relative from a timing perspective relative to customers kind of upgrading their client devices. And I think that is much a driver as Win 10 relative to what's going on with the notebook world at CDW.
Thomas E. Richards: Adrienne, if you think about it, if you look in local currency, they had an incredibly strong quarter. I mean, the number that I report in U.S. dollars is the effect of currency translation, but they had a meaningful outperformance in the pound currency in local markets. So they did, true to form, execute really well.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, we don't provide guidance specifically as you're asking for, Adam. We feel confident about the range that I've given you. And I think it's really early in the year to start trying to get too cute relative to what's going to happen over the latter part. There's too many variables out there, and I'll say I've learned the hard way, being in this job for a while now. I would just say, look, great start to the year on the top line. I think it remains to be seen what happens with kind of the economy, what happens with some of the policies that will determine whether the start contains, in addition to the constraints that you talked about. And just those number of variables, I don't know that it's prudent for me at this point to go much beyond to say we know and we're confident we're going to deliver our 200 to 300 basis points above the U.S. IT market.
Thomas E. Richards: I'll give you my – an opinion. Qualitatively, I think we feel like we really have taken share. I think the ability – and it is an advantage of CDW's. Our scale enables us to have meaningful vertical go-to-market sales organizations. That enables us to have people who do nothing but think about those segments and, therefore, develop solutions for those segments. If you remember back, on the early days of the Common Core curriculum and CDW being kind of first to market with a prepackaged solution to help the K-12 market was, I think, one example of taking share and the benefit of our scale. That has also played out in the Connected Campus. And it's not just in Education, Keith. We've kind of seen this play out. And so, I would venture to say we have taken meaningful share in those markets.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, if you're just talking about Connected Campus, I'd say there's still lots of opportunities out there to expand the Connected Campus opportunity. But those solutions aren't static, too, Keith. I mean, if you think about – as an example, I'll go back to K-12. The original solution was very student education-focused, right? The package we put together for the Common Core. And then that drove a next level of solution, which became this version of, okay, we've got all of these students digital testing, using client devices, that drives then another need for K-12, which was network and network administration and network management. So, they tend to evolve, and CDW has done a nice job of evolving with its customers.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. I think, first of all, let's separate it into two buckets, Katy. Because I think there's different drivers, if you will, in each. In state and local, you heard me say that we've continued to be successful in capturing new contracts, new business, so to speak, and so that is all additive to CDW. When we get those contracts, in particular, we developed a core competency, if you will, in public safety, and so I don't see those waning, if you will, going forward. And in the federal space, it was an exceptionally strong quarter. I think it would be unfair, although it's not beyond me to ask the team to continue to repeat an unfair performance. But I think it would be probably unlikely that they would continue to have that kind of growth rate through the year. But I think our alignment with these strategic programs hasn't really yielded anything yet that says that it would continue to be a growth. Now, having said that, I was just in Washington last week meeting with both customers and some of our sellers, and I think there is this little bit of, okay, is defense spending going to get more money? Is it going to come at the expense of the civilian? The nice thing about CDW, I'll go back to one of my favorite words about this place is balance, is that we have relationships with customers on both sides of the federal government marketplace and I think that will – based on what I know today, will enable us to continue growth.
Thomas E. Richards: It's fascinating, Katy. One of the things I do every quarter is look at not just the aggregate number, but then I spend a fair amount of time peeling the layers of the onion back, looking at segments. And I think it's – and this is probably no surprise to you, it's bounced all around. For example, this quarter, one of our strong selling server markets was Small Business. And Small Business has also been one of our fastest-growing cloud computing markets. And you start to wonder what is it that drives that. I think some of it is driven by incentives that OEMs may put in the marketplace. Some of it could be driven by, hey, I don't really want to change architecture. In other situations, you have people who are clearly saying, hey, I'm going to either go with hyperconverged or cloud computing or virtualization, and all of those I think have tended to make the server market kind of bounce around. So I'd like to give you some crisp, perfect answer, but the truth be known, each quarter feels different, each segment feels different, and fortunately for us, we've been able to optimize those that are growing.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. First of all, thank you again for taking the time this morning. I do appreciate your questions and interest in CDW. And as I always say, if your company needs help, I can't think of anybody better that can help them with their IT needs than CDW. I'd also like to remind you that on May 11, we have our Analyst Day, so I'm hoping we'll see everybody at the Analyst Day session. We're excited to host you here at CDW. And the last, as you know, Mother's Day is around the corner, and I don't think you want to forget Mother's Day because if it weren't for her, you would not have the sheer joy of attending these earnings calls. All right? Thanks, everybody. See you. Bye-bye.
Ann E. Ziegler: Yeah, hey, Matt. Your question on relative priority, I mean, the capital allocations are listed in the priority that we think of them and, obviously, acquisitions comes ahead of share repurchases, and share repurchases are what we do with cash that's left. So, think about it that way as well.
Ann E. Ziegler: I would say that isn't our current thinking. I believe we would continue to buy back stock. The reason I'm a little bit hesitant on that is because there is this idea of tax reform out there, which may or may not make our interest deductions less attractive. So, keep that in mind as an overlay. But in today's interest and tax environment, I would say it would be unlikely that we would accelerate any paydown of debt. If those two things change materially, we would obviously revisit the appropriate capital allocation.
Ann E. Ziegler: I don't know that we provided specific numbers around there. We've indicated that the two together are roughly 10% of the business today and, obviously, the UK is a much larger piece of that.
Ann E. Ziegler: Yeah, I think you have to keep in mind that our adjusted SG&A generally grows in line with our gross profit growth. You saw that last year when our gross profit grew in excess of our rate of sales, our adjusted SG&A. It grew in line with gross profit. So I think you just have to keep that in mind as you move through the year. Q1 may not be the – I mean, you saw that we were able to maintain our adjusted EBITDA margin in Q1. Given that sequential decline in sales in Q1, you actually begin to hit some of the fixed cost aspects of our sales compensation. As we move through the year, our compensation will move around very clearly with our gross profit because it is, on sales compensation, driven by gross profit.
