Christine Leahy: Thank you, Joelle. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you. Joining me in the room today are Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Coronelli our VP, Investor Relations. I'll begin with a high level overview of our second quarter financial and strategic performance and share some thoughts on our outlook. Then Colin will take you through a more detailed look at the results, capital strategy and priorities and outlook for 2019. We will move quickly through our prepared remarks, to ensure we have plenty of time for Q&A. But before we begin, Beth will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Christine Leahy: Yeah. Hi, Matt. Look our -- in conversations with our customers, they are still feeling bullish, and they are still looking to spend. When you think about our customer base, and take a step back and think about some of the exposure that others have, that we don't have, things like China, things like consumer certain other end markets, hyperscaler is another example. But -- that are more challenged, that's not what our customer base is facing. And so we've got a broad portfolio, as you know and we can help our customers, wherever there IT priorities are. The other thing I would just say is, that in an environment like this, where the economy feels pretty strong and customer sentiment remains strong in our view, our competitive advantages allow us to drive even bigger share gains, as we do things like leverage our scale and our distribution centers, as I mentioned. So look, the outlook for the rest of the year is pretty consistent in our view, with how we felt at the beginning of the year. Not a lot of data points out there that has given us any reason to perceive it differently. If you look at -- as you said, peer results, competitive results, the VAR survey, CIO surveys, economic data, there's stuff that's kind of lining up on both sides of the ledger and net-net, we still see a 3% market rate of growth and pretty healthy demand from our customers.
Christine Leahy: Yeah. Federal is doing a terrific job across refresh of those agencies, that didn't -- more mandated and refreshed under the Department of Defense. So we've seen refresh now in agencies that didn't have that mandate, and that's been strong. But what I really say about the Federal team, is they have focused their go-to-market investments over the past several years, on solution capabilities and we're seeing that come to fruition in the types of transactions that they're working on. So if you look at this quarter, they are driving strong results across, not just refresh, but strategic solutions, transactions for cyber security, for modernization of infrastructure, etc. And those are deals that take a long time to develop, and looking at the pipeline, continue to remain strong. So they will got the go-to-market in place to go after those deals. They have got the trust with the customer, that takes long time to develop. We've got the technology and support to be able to help them with that and expand those. And the other thing that they're doing is, they're creating really strong proof-of-concepts for certain agencies, that we're finding, we're now able to take this proof-of-concept and transport them to other agencies that are looking at similar types of problems they are trying to attack, and we have credibility because we've built it for different agencies.
Christine Leahy: I will start with that. When you think about the first quarter of the year. Remember, we had some one-time events there with the Netcomm flush that was the normalization of the lead time. So that's kind of a one-time that happened in the first quarter, that we wouldn't expect to see a repeat in the back half of the year. Certainly, we had a pull forward with some federal deals. But federal is doing a really good job. But at the end of the day, when you think about client devices, we think about that continuing to be strong but moderating. We think about solutions continuing to be solid. But we're also looking at really tough overlaps. And so if you look at the last year, we've got a number of our businesses and practice areas comping double-digit on double-digit. And so we're quite attuned to that, when we think about the back half of the year.
Christine Leahy: Yeah, I'll start and I will let Collin talk a little bit more about the accounting rules. But at a high level, what I will say is, the accounting rules for where we fit in the channel, are really specific. They are complicated and there is not a one size fits all. So where we are fitting in as a service and how that's recognized is complicated. What I would say and what's really important, is that as our customers are having conversations about transactional on-prem-as-a-service other consumption models, we're agnostic to that. So we are having the conversations with them and we're advising them along the way, in terms of assessing, designing, implementing, consuming managing etc. How that reflects in our financial statements, I will let Collin talk through. But it's important to recognize, that we are part of those conversations in driving, as our partners business models change, we are driving what it is that they are bringing to market and bringing to our customers.
Christine Leahy: Hi, Katy, it's Chris. I think it's not unreasonable to think that we will continue to see some of that spill into 2020 into the first quarter, for example, and maybe a little bit beyond. What that looks like over the course of all of 2020, hard to predict, but certainly some of it is spilling into the front half of the year.
Christine Leahy: Yeah. Thanks Adam. Great question. Yeah, we're still focused on M&A. I think if you look at our track record, Kelway, and even the early proof points with Scalar. Our discipline around the right targets and then our methodical approach to integrating and our focus on getting it right for the customer right off the bat, and empowering our coworkers to deliver for the joint customers, is leading and has led to really positive success. So the model is working. We are in the market. We're looking, constantly, we are proactive. We tend not to be reactive, as you know. But, yeah our -- the way we think about it from a strategy perspective, is kind of pretty straightforward. Two things, expand our solutions capabilities or extend our services capabilities. Those two things plus geo expansion, that's essentially how we think about M&A. As far as the notion of a large, kind of more financial play. Look we have to look long and hard at that, because of the, the difficulty of integrating an organization. As I know, you know, we take that very seriously. That's why cultural fit leadership is so important, and we tick through the things that matter. So that's something we just have to take a look at. But we're really focusing on the capabilities and geographic reach always in the market. But it's got to make sense.
Christine Leahy: Yeah. I would describe the K-12 as really strong quarter and when you think about the constraints in the marketplace around client advices, and the summer months being very important for education to buy and implement those devices. We had a couple of things going on. First, the constraints were more severe in K-12, because of Chromebook and where Intel placed their priority around higher performing chips. So the team did really an extraordinary job of working with customers, working with our partners around what the options are, when to get things in, etc. and we're able to deliver over the summer months, which is really quite impressive. In addition, we've seen some net working positivity, and when you think about E-rate and where that falls throughout the -- any given quarter, it's really bumpy. It never falls in the same quarter it seems to be, because of some lag or some paperwork issue. But we did see some growth under the E-Rate program this quarter as well. So I would just say, all in all, solid quarter doing -- executing on the priorities that we typically execute on.
Christine Leahy: Yeah. Sure, Matt. Thanks for the question, and obviously we watch this closely. First, I would say that the team has been executing extremely well. When you look at overlap, double-digit on double-digit, and we are talking meaningful, last year plus 30%, the year before, high double digits. They're executing well. That said, I would say a couple of things. First, the market outside of the US probably feels marginally a little softer, a little more uncertain than it does in the US, and we're watching that. We hadn't seen in Q2, different buying behaviors but from our customers. But you got to believe Brexit on their mind, given that it's 90 days away, and we've got some new rhetoric and new leadership in place. So it's hard to believe that it's not on their mind. But that said, I'll tell you, our referral business continues to be very healthy. Our international meaning Rest of World business outside the UK, continues to be very healthy, and the team continues to be optimistic in terms of their conversations around customers. So look with the wildcard of Brexit looming, we are just being very cautious. The good news is, we've run this table-top before -- before the October 31st extension. Earlier in the year, we worked with customers to map their need, so that we would be prepared to help them. And we've also opened an office in The Netherlands, and we've got a number of customers actually that are transacting through the Netherlands. So we are getting more and more confident with our ability to deliver to the same service level agreement. So we're doing everything we can to be prepared, but we can't control what happens in the environments, and we'll just keep, I think, out executing as the team has been doing.
Christine Leahy: Yeah. Well Census is going well. Contribution relative to expectations hasn't changed. We still expect 40 basis points of revenue growth, as a result of Census. I would give a shout out to the team, that it's a lot of hard work, a lot of collaboration, not just at CDW, but with a number of partners as well. And again, think about the number of devices that we have running through our configuration center. At the same time, we've got K-12 busy season. We've got inventory in there under constrained conditions, and we're really doing a great job of getting it in and moving it out. So 40 basis points for the year, so far so good.
Christine Leahy: Yeah, thanks for the question. You know, we have seen a number of customer -- a very large number of customers now converting to Win 10. And so, I don't know that I would see that as an opportunity that there is going be a number of customers' sweating the assets after this conversion. It just doesn't feel that way with the activity we've seen with current customers, what we're hearing from Microsoft, etc. it doesn't feel like the market is going that way.
Christine Leahy: Yeah, it a spot on question because that sales culture is so important to an acquisition working. I can tell you that we have looked at a number of players. This is a constant rhythm for us, which is meeting with and talking to people, and it's very clear that there are some organizations out there, where there is not a fit. But equally there are organizations where we feel culturally, particularly on the sales side, they could be a really good fit. So is there a natural limitation? Sure there is, because organizations are all different. But we think that is not going to impair our ability to find a good solution or a good expansion path at all.
Christine Leahy: Yeah. We definitely, when we look at client device and we look at the compares over the last couple of years and the quarters, it's going to be tough to grow at those kinds of rates. So we wouldn't expect -- we would expect our client device growth to be at a more muted rate, yet healthy, because we do have customers who continue to -- who are new refresh cycles frankly or continuing to expand their use of client devices for different things in the business, new use cases, etc. But certainly we are facing very difficult comparisons, and we expect that growth to moderate.
Christine Leahy: Yeah I think when you think about capability, it would be the same areas that we frequently talk about, and you know, Scalar is a great example, infrastructure, security, managed services, digital transformation, those are all areas where -- when you think about bolstering our current capabilities, areas we'd look at. In terms of geographic, that's really driven primarily from what, where our current customers have needs, and that's been our strategy all along. So we look at our UK, US, Canadian customers and where the pipeline is growing, and where they're telling us, they really could use some help. And there certainly are some places on the continent that makes sense, but there are some places in other areas of the world that make equal sense. And at the same time, we do have smaller presence in a variety of locations. Dubai, for example, in Asia, in Singapore, Hong Kong, and we're also focused on bolstering those, to ensure that we can deliver on the current needs that our UK multinationals have
Christine Leahy: Well, thank you and let me close by once again thanking our 9.800 coworkers around the globe for their ongoing dedication to serving our customers. They are true competitive advantage and the heart, soul and reason why we consistently deliver meaningful value to exceed our customers needs and expectations. They are the reason we have and will continue to lead the industry. Thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to serve and repeatedly earn your trust, and thank you for your continued interest in CDW. I also want to send a shout out to Gary Woodland, winner of this year's US Open Championship, CDW is the official technology partner to the PGA Tour, and Gary has been a terrific CDW technology ambassador since 2014. Gary, we couldn't be more thrilled for you. With that I'd like to say thanks again and Collin and I look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Collin Kebo: Yeah Amit, I would say the traditional pure subscription or recurring revenue is still a relatively small percentage of our business. If you look at the amount of revenue that we're recognizing, that's booked over time rather than upfront or at a point in time, it's probably around 3% of sales. What I would say though is, because of the accounting that Chris mentioned and again, how we participate in this ecosystem, if you look at the percentage of our gross profit that is netted down, it was about 28% in the quarter. So a lot of those things that are getting netted down or things that have a finite term, we're selling a warranty, we're selling software-as-a-service, software assurance, etc. So I think that can give you some idea of the magnitude of what's flowing through our gross profit, in some of those transactional streams.
Collin Kebo: Yes, sure Katy. You're right. Q2 is typically a seasonally low free cash flow quarter for us, because sales grow sequentially and we have two tax payments we have to make. This year was unusual. I would say the stars aligned for us from a vendor mix perspective, and that's really what drove the free cash flow favorability in the quarter. I'd expect that will normalize, as we move into the back half of the year, would expect us to be within our 3.375% and 4.25% of sales rule of thumb for the full year.
Collin Kebo: Yeah, Adam, given where we sit with our leverage profile, we are 2.3 times below the 2.5 to 3 times, I think that gives us plenty of headroom. And if we had to go above that 3 times and temporarily step out of that range, I think our investors and our rating agencies would give us the flexibility or latitude to do that, as long as we show the clear path to deleveraging and a reasonable amount of time in getting back within the target range. We demonstrated throughout our past, that if we set a leverage target, we'll get there. So I think our preference would be to use leverage, but obviously it will be dependent on situation.
Collin Kebo: Hi Param and welcome to the call. Glad you could join. Yeah, I would say a couple of things are driving that. One is Scalar, because of the high services mix and the service delivery co-workers that go along with it, the sales per coworker productivity isn't comparable to CDW, given the different business mix. Also we're in the summer, so there's a little bit of seasonality, where we bring in a lot of interns. This summer and this year, we brought in more than the prior year so that's impacting it. But I think if you looked at kind of apples-to-apples organic, regular CDW coworkers, you would see productivity levels more in line with historical levels.
