Thomas E. Richards: Thanks, Candice. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you and to report CDW's third quarter 2016 results. Joining me for the call are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Counsel; and Sari Macrie, our VP, Investor Relations. I'll begin with a high level review of our performance and strategic progress. Ann will take you through a more detailed result review of the financials and then we'll go right to your questions. But before we begin, Sari will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Good morning, Amit. This is Tom. So, in your first question, as I said at the end, we've remained pretty conservative as we've kind of got into the latter part of the year as far as adding coworkers. And one of the nice things about the model is we have kind of a built-in purposeful attrition rate as we bring in a lot of young people and they start their careers in selling. So, that gives us the ability to kind of manage that number. And the other part of that is, I think, keep in mind, Amit, remember last year in the fourth quarter, as you heard Ann say, we added over 200 coworkers. So, that kind of distorts the perfect year calendar year number. And so, absorbing those coworkers and getting them productive has been our priority. But, look, as I think it sounds like a broken record, if we see some signs that the economy starts to pick up after the election, we're ready and willing and able to increase the coworker count.
Thomas E. Richards: No. Good morning, Matt, and thanks for the question. Yeah, look, I'm always careful when I describe kind of the current state when it comes to, like within a quarter, especially because a lot of the solutions business has a longer selling cycle. But as I indicated, we did see some sub-segments, if you will, of our MedLar business pop this quarter, specifically the financial services and non-for-profit segments, had really strong quarters. And we did see some of the pipeline I referred to last quarter hit in the third quarter, but there's still a meaningful part of it left that we think are going to hopefully pop in the fourth quarter and into next year. I think the economic overhang, if I can say it that way, I think there's a lot of evidence that it's impacting decision making, whether it's the dramatic success we've had in selling warranties and assurances to kind of extend life cycles or some of the general economic data map. So, I would say I feel pretty bullish on the work that we're doing and the kind of the tracking of deals and the things we're doing to help customers in the Corporate group. But I think we're just going to have to wait and see kind of how the economy plays out in the next couple of quarters. But again, I feel good about the – I think the word I used was positive growth or positive shoots we've seen so far since last quarter.
Thomas E. Richards: And, Matt, I think that's a great question. I'll answer the first part and let Ann kind of clean it up, so to speak. I think those two questions you asked are actually linked. I think what you see is if you just think about our product performance, you had hardware growing at 4%. You had software growing at 9%. You had services growing at 12%. I think where we see kind of the impact when the economy is a little more choppy in the corporate space is in the hardware space. And if we get some of the expected growth I talked about in your first question, those margins tend to put pressure on our total gross profit or gross margin. And then, couple that with – I talked about we did have a good budget flush in federal. The issue was a lot of it didn't get shipped and that will ship over the next two quarters. So, that's why you kind of see that pressure comment that we talked about because we do expect some of those things to, in a weird way, offset some of the positive margin we're getting from software assurance, services and cloud.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. I'd say it's more of the latter than the former, Matt. That doesn't say that when we think it's the right situation we aren't willing to compete hard for a piece of business from a strategic perspective. But I think it's more driven by – like your – the second part of your comment, just looking at some of those deals. Look, we've seen this movie before, quite honestly. Even in my time here at CDW, when there's a tough economic climate, people tend to get really competitive, trying to grab top line revenue growth and it tends to pressure ASPs. And I think our position and my personal position is you have to be really thoughtful that you can't try to just chase top line growth because it really, I think in the long-term, is not the right thing for the business.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. Matt, that's a great question. It was – you heard me say that it grew – servers grew in every one of our segments. I'm going to use my favorite economic term, lumpy. I think we've seen that with the solution business where we – I think we went for, like, four or five quarters last year of server growth. Then, we went through two or three quarters of server decline. I think a lot of that has to do with the decisions that people are making in the data center, the options they now have and then – so, you see quarters where it just works out that a lot of projects hit where people want to refresh or add edge-based servers. And others, they don't. So, I wouldn't get – I don't let us get too carried away with one quarter of great performance or one quarter of bad performance. We'll see how it plays out.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. I think if they shared that with me, Shannon, I'd be pretty hesitant to share it with everyone else.
Thomas E. Richards: But I would say, look, I think they've done a nice job of managing through that. That's always a challenge every time you see a merger. It tends to create a little hesitancy in customers, right, because customers want to understand, like, who the leadership team is going to be and what is the – and so, I think the market clearly saw some of that. But as far as our relationship with them, it has continued to be strong and robust and everything we expected it to be. So, we feel pretty bullish about that combined company and their ability to help us meet customer needs going forward, just like we do with our other strategic partners.
Thomas E. Richards: I would say it's probably all of the above in little pieces, Sherri, as you think about performance. I think one of the things that has really helped keep the small business performance is the affinity of small businesses for a cloud-based solution. And the small business team has done a great job of executing on our cloud strategy. Now, that is a little more of a complex decision, when you move up market, if you think about it. The previous investment of capital in on-prem or off-prem solutions is a little higher in the corporate – in the enterprise segment, so the decision is a little longer. So, I would say that I wouldn't try to read too much into it relative to the difference between the two. There's just different buying behaviors in each of the two different marketplaces, and they've kind of just maintained their performance. They're not quite as impacted by the concentration, if you will, that we have in our enterprise segment in some of the industries like oil and gas and manufacturing down in the small business marketplace because it's such a big base and there are so many customers.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, that conversation happens a lot inside of CDW, and I have high expectations in my leadership team for sustainability in government performance. But I'd say, all kidding aside, I think that group has done a really good job of capturing new contracts, which is an important part of that sustained growth, and we continue to think there's opportunities for that, especially in state and local. And then, on the federal side, this realignment we did around focusing on programs I think will pay dividends. So, look, it's tough for me to forecast out into the future. But I would expect them to continue to be an important part of our growth profile.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. I think you're thinking about it right, and we're going to continue to add co-workers. If you think, Adam, about my point about since the fourth quarter of last year, we added 200 co-workers because we did a big end of the year push and hired a lot of people. So, as – if I were doing it, I would worry less and focus less on the year-to-date number and more on the last 12 months. We'll continue to focus on adding co-workers based on the market and what we see out there. And I don't think you should, kind of, draw any negative correlations. I feel pretty good about our organic growth and especially considering what's going on in the marketplace. I think there's lots of opportunity for us. We still, despite our size, have a relatively large share. And I expect that the growth of the hardware business will come back, and that will stimulate some of the top line revenue growth that has been absent during the kind of the economic period we've been through especially in the corporate.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I think part of it is driven by – some of it is technologies. And what are going on with technologies is people enhance and innovate, so to speak. I also think that, when you look at, hey, I've got some economic pressures. I may not upgrade certain hardware technologies. Remember, despite all of the success we've had in cloud and the industry, there's still a predominance of hardware-based, premise-based solutions out there and I think that you're going to – you will see that. Now, look, I don't have perfect vision on this Adam. But my sense is, when you look at the success of things like converged infrastructure and hyper-converged and some of the innovation that's going on in the client area, I would expect that to re-emerge at some point in time.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. Well, first of all, I'm glad that that message came through loud and clear. The second is because I think, Katy – and again, none of us have this perfect vision. But I do think you're going to see a couple of things happen. Just because that part of the business is growing today and is margin rich doesn't mean that some time in that future you won't even have commoditization in that part of the business. That has been the history, as you know, of IT for a long period of time. The second thing is kind of alluding to the question that Adam just answered. I think you are going to see some increased hardware growth, and that's going to put pressure on it. But I think, generally, look, I don't deny that, as we continue to be successful in selling the things that customers are most interested in now, be it cloud, software assurance, warranties, that it's going to continue to give us the opportunity for margin expansion going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, good questions. Thanks for asking it, Katy. It's been interesting. I think it's the way to start. It was a little strange right after Brexit. There was this kind of doom and gloom. And then, after a couple of weeks, we actually saw the UK customers kind of return to a sense of, okay, normalcy and we'll deal with it when we actually execute the withdrawal so to speak of the EU. And while I would say there is this notion that if the dates that Theresa May has announced, if she sticks to them, that that will certainly change some things. But I would say, kind of, on the ground, up until that time, it feels pretty normal, and people are just going about their business, making decisions on investing in IT. But I think all of us have our eye on next spring.
Thomas E. Richards: We think – look, we're pleased with what they're doing. I mean, I would say, look, the general economy, Jayson, affects every part of CDW, all right? And you can't just say, well, it affects some people and not others. But I think we're on the whole and on the average really pleased with the performance. And I think what we said to our other partners has been true – is we have a history of dealing across multiple vendors. We have a thousand partners, and our reputation for integrity stands. And I think, our other partners, as evidenced by their investment in CDW and some of the things Ann talked about relative to our VIR (55:55) performance suggests we're doing the things they want us to do.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. I'll give you a high level. I – comp plans, I think our guys would say it's been awesome because we paid people on margin and it's a pretty margin-rich business and we feel good about the impact that it's had. I don't know. I'll let Ann, see I haven't heard anything about cash flow from a negative perspective.
Thomas E. Richards: Hey, Jayson, the only I can think of, I was thinking about your comment, is – but this is a little bit of old news, is when we first started to – when we formed our cloud practice, which was, I don't know, 2011 or 2012, we went through a pretty strong education processes and said, look, to the degree that people buy on a subscription-based contract and your compensation will be spread over multiple years, you have to think about that as an annuity stream to your compensation. And you need to start planning and planting seeds and building for that annuity stream because, once that annuity stream starts to roll, it's a pretty nice day. And I think people listened and took that to heart. And I think that's one of the reasons we haven't had a lot of pushback on those kind of services.
Thomas E. Richards: So, my answer to the first question is no. I don't think the economy, at its current state, necessarily drives people in the Corporate segment to cloud computing. I mean, in a weird way, cloud computing is an OpEx expense. And so, the driver there is the level of service, the flexibility, the ability to manage the asset on a consumption basis. Those are things that are kind of compelling independent of what I'll call the surrounding economy. So, I don't really make that connection. Now, what I do think corporate customers are doing is, if they're thinking about upgrading a certain part of their infrastructure, they may decide to, I'll use the term, sweat the asset for another year and go buy incremental warranty or insurance protection to give them more time to do it. I think the notion of building a hybrid private public cloud environment is one driven more by the drivers of flexibility cost in the business than it is kind of the general economy.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I can – I don't know that I can do it in the aggregate. It would be really hard to determine in the aggregate. I think that cloud growth is all about people looking at their business, looking at workloads and deciding which workload is most effectively and efficiently handled either on-prem or in the cloud. And that's the driver of the growth that you've seen there.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Look, as always, thank you for your interest in CDW. Thank you for your questions. Your questions help us, so I really do appreciate the thought that's put into them. It helps us make sure we're focused on the right thing. As I always do, if your company needs some help with information technology, I can't think of anybody better to help you. And as we head into the Thanksgiving season, there's two things I want to ask you to be thankful for. One is that the election is almost over and so are the commercials. And the second thing is that the Cubbies are in the World Series. Go, Cubbies. Thanks, everybody.
Ann E. Ziegler: Thanks, Amit. Actually, we think our capital allocation strategy is relatively aggressive. As we lay out in that strategy, we want to return cash to shareholders via the dividend. As you mentioned, we're going to hold our leverage in the current range. From time to time, we'll do tuck-in acquisitions and then we'll return remaining cash to shareholders via share repurchases. I think we've done a bit over $350 million of repurchases this year on a year-to-date basis. And on top of the dividends that we've paid and the dividend that we've declared for this quarter, we have returned a significant amount of our free cash flow to shareholders this year.
Ann E. Ziegler: Yeah. The only thing I would add is I did say flat to very slightly up. You have to remember that our gross margin does move around significantly as we reported at – we talked about repeatedly in the Q driven by mix, right, which is hard to predict and then things as well as vendor funding. The other thing to keep in mind is we've been getting about a 10 basis points pickup from the mix into the UK business. That is now over with the lap of the acquisition. So, that's been a little part of the pickup you've seen on a year-to-date basis as well.
Ann E. Ziegler: So, what we see happen is some of our OEM partners will take pricing increases to offset. And then, from that, we now have this higher level of pricing, which obviously we try and pass through. It remains a competitive marketplace. But think about our pricing as more of a margin than that we're actually making the price in the market, if that makes sense.
Ann E. Ziegler: Yeah. It's doesn't – I mean, you hear the commentary that I make about our cash conversion cycle. When we sell things that are netted down, it increases DSO and it also increases DPO as an offset. One of the benefits is things that are digital, if you will, we don't carry any inventory on and therefore don't have inventory rev (57:09). So, from a return on investment perspective, it can be a very attractive business.
