Thomas Richards: Thanks, Tyrone. Good morning, everyone, it's a pleasure to be with you today and report another quarter of record results. Joining me on the call today are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Leahy, our General Counsel. I'll begin today's call with a brief overview of our results and discuss our recent strategic progress. Ann will run you through the financial highlights and then we'll go right to your questions. But before we begin, Ann will provide a few important comments regarding what we will share with you today. 
Thomas Richards: David, it's Tom, sure. I think one thing to keep in mind, though, is kind of where we focus. We're not primarily focused on the very large enterprise marketplace and I think that's where you see some of the pressure in other market segments. We've continued to focus on kind of our sweet spot and in many of the initiatives I talk about, whether it's giving sellers more time to sell, improving our targeting, which kind of relates to giving them more time to sell, but it makes the time they are selling more productive. I think those things have helped kind of the sales productivity issue. And we've seen medium and large business segment kind of for the last couple of quarters begin to show some pretty good performance. 
Thomas Richards: Well, Tom, if you remember, we were pretty transparent about our sensitivity around the early part of this year and we said that, I think, on the last call, and we built our plan. But we're hopeful and anticipating that the economy will continue to improve and so we can go ahead and continue to execute with our plan. But I always, in my formal comments, Tom, I always have a line in there that said, of course we will monitor market conditions and adjust accordingly. I think what it did though was demonstrate one of the things we're quite proud of which is kind of the rigor and discipline with which we manage the business and the flexibility we have to kind of move the business based on what's going on in the marketplace. 
Thomas Richards: Well, I can't really comment on what the other guys are doing, so I can only tell you a little bit about how we focus. And just like everyone else, higher education is in a unique situation today with just the impact of funding and that clearly spills over into making IT decisions but we have continued to kind of on the other part of which is K through 12, local governments have had the opportunity, I think  one of the things that's driving some of the technology decisions in K through 12 is some of the pending requirement to do testing in a digital format. And that, we have taken advantage of that and tried to help our customers get ready for that and to manage that. And I think that's one of the reasons you're seeing a strong performance by our K through 12 group. 
Thomas Richards: All right. Thanks, everybody again for taking the time to join us today and your interest in CDW. And as always, if we can help you or your company with their IT decisions, we're easy to find. So thanks, again for joining us on today's call. 
