Thomas E. Richards: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call today are Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our Chief Revenue Officer and soon to be Chief Executive Officer; and Sari Macrie, our Vice President, Investor Relations. I'll begin today's call with a brief overview of our results and the key drivers. Chris will run you through our sales performance and then Collin will then take you through a more detailed review the financials. Then we'll go to your questions. But before we begin, Sari will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I think if you think about – there's a couple of things. One is, I think I'll start by saying, we feel good about the fourth quarter. I think part of the challenge for us is how good the third quarter was. And if you talk about what happened we had a number of events that kind of simultaneously improved the performance in the third quarter. So first was, think about that K-12 Chromebooks that didn't get out in the second quarter. We expected them to get out in the third and fourth quarter and they all got out in the third quarter. Then there was, what I'll call, the return to norm of the E-rate process, which last year had a tendency to drag out because it took a while for the funding letters to get done. This year it was efficient and on time, and all of that got done in the third quarter. And then I think to your point, the last thing that we think about is just the federal sales organization and you heard Chris alluded to the comps they've been fighting. I mean, those three things kind of explain why they might appear to be bigger than normal deceleration but I'll take it if it comes on the heels of such a strong third quarter.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, Matt. There's a lot I think that we need to think about when it comes to the continuation of the PC refresh. I mean there are all kinds of discussions going on with customers. And as you can imagine, they run the gamut of gee, I'd like to stay on Windows 7. How do I do that? Can I accomplish that? Is there a possibility of buying ahead? Is there a possibility of buying Win 10 devices and then doing the downgrade? Then you have the notion of just, what's going on with the chips and should I be acquiring more inventory? I'm speaking as a customer. So I think it gets hard. We continue to feel very good. If you think about what's going on. You have full employment in the economy. That type of environment has driven what we believe is the continuation of a really strong refresh cycle in our Corporate segment, as customers need to have the technology to support the full employment environment. So I think, we would expect the refresh to continue. Maybe not at these incredible growth rates that we've experienced, but I would also say Matt, you got to step back and say, there's a lot going on over the next couple of quarters that could kind of move that one way or the other.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, there are discussions as you point out. Everybody is talking about it. I think in some cases, people have already increased their purchasing. I believe we saw some of that in the third quarter. I can't prove that. But I don't believe we're having what I would call a mass trend of people – I wish we were kind of – mass trend of people saying, can we acquire NetComm equipment in the fourth quarter? I don't believe we've seen that in mass yet.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes. Good morning. Shannon, it's Tom. I'd say a couple of things. One, it's almost, all of the above would be probably the way to start. If you think about the quarter we just experienced and the balance of execution, not only across the segments but also across the products and solutions suite. In some ways, this is the quarter you dream about because you've got all of your segments having meaningful growth for the most part and you've got balance across all the different products and solutions; hardware, software and services. Now predicting that into the future is always a little bit of a challenge. But when we looked back over what we had accomplished to this point and assessed CDW's overall performance compared to where the market had grown, we thought it was appropriate to take up not only the market growth from what we had shared with you before, but also our outperformance. And like I said, while we're only one month into the fourth quarter and there's a number of wildcards that are sitting out there that could impact the quarter we've been thrilled with the momentum in the business.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I think the other thing that I mentioned in there Adam was the comps that we have in federal, which were pretty meaningful in the third quarter and will continue to be so in the fourth quarter. Because if you remember, last year we had the, what I'll call, the tail end of the Win 10 DoD flush, which was just amazing when you look back at the amount of product that moved through the system. So I think that sits on top of the growth that we talked to about what was going on in the third quarter. And the other thing is in fairness to the guys in the UK, we continue to say that the percentage of increase on their comps is incredible. And look up to this point they've done a pretty meaningful job. But you have to kind of be realistic about looking at those two scenarios and their implication. The demand in the marketplace feels good. And yes, I think you're right. You've got, well, what's the impact of the chip short is going to be. And one of the things that CDW has been able to do, it's part of our competitive advantage is because of our scale and our warehousing capability is to be very aggressive in acquiring inventory for our customers. That doesn't necessarily mean you can eliminate the total effect of a chip shortage, but it does mean you can mitigate a fair size of it. So we feel pretty good about that going into the fourth quarter.
Thomas E. Richards: The answer to – I think the first answer is yes. We are excited about extending it to other parts of the business. And as you heard me saying in the formal part of it, we're going to extend it to all of Corporate next year. I think it's a natural to think about Small Business as another place where you'd have that kind of benefit but we were obviously very pleased. I'm probably not going to tell you what I think the potential would be for CDW. Although it's going to be fun to tell it and then have Chris have to deliver it, but I think I'll just pass on that and say we're very, very pleased that we think we've got a winning formula there.
Thomas E. Richards: No. Okay, let me start with the last one. I don't think that was the reason you saw increased product margins for us. I think more of that was the balance you saw in the business and our success of selling just solutions in mass which, as you know, tend to have higher margins and tends to bring up the product margin. I wouldn't say there is kind of a uniform response as far as the memory pricing driving demand in storage. I just think quite honestly, Katy, it's just the digitization of everything is driving storage demand and customers are in search of expanding capacity and we're just in the right place at the right time with the right number of solutions to take advantage of that.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, so even in the first part of the tariff trilogy so to speak, we have been able to pass along those costs not literally but for the most part to customers because we operate in a cost plus environment. Again here, although you're always gated by competitive response but so far we've been able to do that. I think in the back half, you're going to see products if in fact it goes in like desktops and I think NetComm are a couple that people who have talked about pretty frequently that that could be impacted if the next shoe drops so to speak on the tariff. But again we'll approach it the same way as far as passing along costs to customers, again pending market conditions.
Thomas E. Richards: I wouldn't say it's the majority that's for sure. And like I said, for those products that started to get touched in whenever it was, September or October, that's already kind of in the system so to speak. So I don't think you're going to see the majority of our business get impacted at this point based on what we know today.
Thomas E. Richards: No. I think we're pretty much everywhere we would like to be. That doesn't mean that we don't continue. When you hear me talking about adding customer-facing coworkers that is an indication of our recognition that there's increased opportunity in the marketplace, increased demand that we think we can take advantage of and that's – those gets spread across the U.S. geographically. They're actually more allocated by those vertical market segments that you hear us talk about.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Look before we – before I close, just a few comments, I think, of appreciation for those who are on the call. For the CDW customers that are on the call, thank you for the opportunity to serve you. For the CDW coworkers that I know listen to these calls, thank you for taking such great care of our customers. For our shareholders, thank you for trusting us with your investment, and to the analysts who covered us, thank you for your coverage, your questions. They've helped us tell a pretty amazing story, and you have made us better. And finally, for you parents on the call as tonight is Halloween, I'm inspired by your willingness to protect your children's health by eating their candy, each Halloween night. I hope you are also as inspired to be in the gym tomorrow morning. Thanks everybody.
