Collin Kebo: Yeah, Chris. I don’t know that I have much more to add to that. That was a pretty thorough review. I mean, as you think about, the various channels, as we’ve said corporate small business reacted sooner. GDP bottomed, I think, in the fourth quarter of 2008 and then improved sequentially. It was still down a bit year-over-year over the next couple of quarters. We saw corporate and small business react very swiftly in the first quarter of ‘09. So that first quarter declined more than the full year. And then, the rates of decline improved as we move throughout the year. But as Chris said, look, every recession like this is different, so not much more to add other than that.
Collin Kebo: Yeah. I guess I would just add, again, Matt, we have a variable cost structure. Sales compensation, pay down gross profit is our biggest expense. And our biggest investment is in people cost and so letting attrition run add some variability to the cost structure. Obviously, we’ve taken a look at other parts of the cost structure, travel, events and things like that that don’t make sense in this environment. As Chris mentioned, ongoing productivity and efficiency is a part of the culture, and we’ve dialed that up. And we’ll continue to be disciplined in managing costs, and we’ll make adjustments based on market conditions and the demand – the demand environment as we go down the road here. But we are going to prudently invest in the business, so that we do emerge from this crisis in a stronger competitive position.
Collin Kebo: Yeah, sure. I would say, I think we used the word fluid or dynamic. It’s choppy out there. We are running heavy on inventory just because we felt it made sense to carry additional days of safety stock. We provide pre-orders to some of our customers, and they get a lot of benefit out of that. So we’re doing that to try to mitigate some of the choppiness in the market. I would say, unsurprisingly, there’s a lot of demand for notebooks. So that’s where we have taken some of our inventory positions, as well as within the Chromebook market, obviously, given the strain that this has placed on our education systems. And then I would say we’ve seen lead times pick up in some other categories on the solutions side of the business in servers. It’s not, I would say, disruptive per se, but just extended lead times. And then I did comment a little bit about where we have seen some price increases, and that’s primarily due to just increased freight costs that our OEM vendor partners are incurring and the passing along of some of those costs. So we have seen some price increases in client devices as well as within servers.
Collin Kebo: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Adam. I think in terms of the $600 million, just in this kind of environment, given the uncertainty and with the wide range of outcomes out there and very difficult to probability assess where those outcomes are going to be, we just felt it was prudent to go and get excess liquidity. And I think most companies in corporate America that have the ability to do so, went ahead and did that we were able to get it at an attractive rate at four and an eight. So, we viewed it as relatively inexpensive insurance in case you know these outcomes, go to a more bearish place, but in the event we don’t need the insurance. It’s relatively cheap capital that we can deploy offensively. In terms of what we would do with that, we are mindful of the pressure that that’s out there for customers, so I think in terms of investing in working capital. I talked a fair amount about potentially using some of that within inventory and to help smooth out some of the disruption, that’s out there and that would competitively advantage CDW as well as help our customers get access to the IT they need sooner rather than later. From a receivables perspective, obviously our customers are under pressure and they’re managing their own liquidity circumstances and looking at their cost structures and things like that. One of the things that CDW does is we orchestrate financing solutions for our customers, so obviously our OEM vendor partners and others make financing available and so we’ve been very active in making those solutions available to our customers and that obviously helps both the customer, but also helps us manage our DSO risk. There are certain situations where customers are under pressure and we’ll deal with those on a case-by-case basis. In terms of how we’re managing risk, we did a pretty thorough review of the portfolio in terms of credit limits and where we had exposures to various industries and customers and adjusted credit risk appropriately. Again managing or balancing some of these long standing customer relationships we have, while still protecting the balance sheet and ensuring we had an appropriate risk profile in place. And obviously again like every other company in corporate America we are very closely monitoring our daily cash collections and understanding where risks might be emerging in the portfolio and then adjusting credit limits accordingly.
Collin Kebo: Yes, I mean as we commented in the prepared remarks, Ruplu, client devices, very strong in the quarter and particularly as we exited the quarter. And also in my prepared comments, I talked about how we had a pretty healthy backlog then that we carried into April that contributed to solid shipment growth. You can assume that a lot of that was in the client device category. In terms of 100% gross margin items, they did not grow as fast as the rest of the business in the first quarter. I think that was largely driven by the focus on client devices and video and accessories and all the other things that you would need to enable, work-from-home and learn from home and things like that. I think it remains to be seen what’s going to happen as we go forward in terms of how some of those 100% gross margin items perform. It’s logical that those things are cloud, we’d see strong growth on a go forward basis in previous environments, when things have slowed down, we have seen customers sweat assets. And you can see warranties and software assurance and things like that pick up as well. But I think we’ll need to see what happens over the next few quarters here before I’d want to make a more definitive call on what happens with that portion of that business.
Collin Kebo: Katy, I’ll take the first one and maybe Chris will take the second. Just to clarify my comments. When I was talking about what we were seeing, those were comments really for the first five weeks of the second quarter, so primarily April. And when I said shipments, we saw solid growth as a result of the backlog. You can think of that as equivalent to revenue. When we talk about writings or bookings, and that’s what I referred to as being down double-digits in corporate and small business, those at some point turn into future shipments or invoices. So that’s more of a leading indicator. Hopefully, that clarifies it for it.
Collin Kebo: Yes. I think it’s difficult to say, Shannon, what -- how those stimulus dollars have changed the tone of the conversation in just the past few weeks because it has been moving so quickly. I think those are part of longer-term conversations with our customers and some of the resources we bring to bear and helping them understand how those stimulus dollars are ultimately going to flow from care. So for example, in education, I think there’s $13 billion -- $30 billion roughly split between higher end and K-12, and it follows public funding and title one and things like that. And helping our end-user customers understand how those funds might be made available to them and ensuring that they have their best opportunity to go ahead and access. And there’ve also been modifications made to e-rate and timing changes. And again, just helping our customers understand those. So I would say, it’s unlikely that it has factored into the trends that I referenced in April. I think it’s more of a go-forward opportunity.
Collin Kebo: Yes, Matt. As both Chris and I said, we expect federal to hold up relatively well from a budget perspective. And the time change I referenced was primarily due to the devices being in the field longer, which is spreading the revenue over a longer period of time, largely from Q2 into Q4.
Collin Kebo: Yes, Matt. I would say, I mean, in terms of the most recent surge, the objective was speed and getting it deployed rapidly. So most of that transacted in a traditional way. I think as we go forward and customers are wrestling with their own budget challenges, I think, we could see that option enter into the discussion more than it has historically. But in terms of the recent surge, it was primarily transacted in a traditional purchase model.
Collin Kebo: Yeah. Good question, Paul. I’m not convinced we’re ever really going to know because I think the wildcard here is, how much is pull-forward of something that was going to be purchased anyway versus what’s an incremental use case, meaning that companies, school districts, government agencies never intended for these co-workers or students or teachers to have had mobile devices. And it’s effectively a shift from their IT budget to a use case that they didn’t know that they were going to need. And I think it will be nearly impossible to ultimately parse that out.
Collin Kebo: Yeah, Keith. I’ll take the last one first. I think it’s too soon to see any credit -- any material credit deterioration. I think it’s in anticipation of what we expect to come down the road. When you look at our balance sheet, you’ll see that at March 31st, the reserve was approximately $35 million, which is a little bit more than 1% of our outstanding customer receivable balance. Historically, that balance has been much lower. If you look at where it was at year-end or in the year ago period, it’s been running around $7 million to $8 million previously. So we used a variety of data points to estimate the reserve. We looked at historical information, what our experience was back in 2008, 2009, current conditions. And again, estimates of what we think could be coming.
Christine Leahy: Yeah. Amit, I’d add one more thing. And I’ll come back to your second question is when you think about the complexion of our resources. And remember, we’ve got over 3,000 technologists today. And we’re really very well positioned to support customers and where they’re heading. As we think about what might accelerate coming out of this current situation, we’ve got physical distance. Digital is now mandatory. It’s a prerequisite for market survival, frankly. And we’re very well positioned to help our customers with that. But on your second question on taking market share, we did acquire a healthy dose of new customers. We had product to offer them. And we could get it to them quickly. So we feel confident that we were able to take share in this environment.
Christine Leahy: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I think, look, when there is a downturn of any kind that is severe, it exposes weaknesses across any industry. And not like - not unlike other industries, I think we will see that certainly in our industry. And as we’ve said, we’ll continue to keep our eye on opportunistic M&A. And I wouldn’t say that we would - you’ve heard me say this before, I wouldn’t say that we’re focused on a roll up, but we certainly are focused on M&A that fits our various lenses that you know well. It’s strategic fit, operational fit, cultural fit, makes financial sense. We haven’t turned that lens off, and we will continue to look.
Christine Leahy: Yeah, good morning. It’s Chris on the co-workers, we have a north of 80% of our co-workers are now work from home, and the others are in our distribution centers configuration centers and onsite engineers and a few security folks are also on site, so it’s a fairly large portion of our workforce. And, I’ll give kudos to our technology teams and all of those individuals because the move to work from home was swift and seamless. Our IT infrastructure was ready to go. And it was almost eerie how few hiccups we had on that Monday morning. My view on their productivity is it’s been incredibly strong and in many ways, you might have heard this from other companies. This is driving even higher levels of productivity in some areas and greater connection between our own workforce and with our customers, it’s been really quite interesting to see. In terms of dimensionalizing impact from COVID-19 on the numbers, I just think that’s almost impossible to do. As we mentioned, we know we saw the surge in March because of work-from-home and remote work needs. And now there were some pull forward redirection of investment into that first quarter. But to quantify it just seems impossible to do.
Christine Leahy: Yeah. I’ll take your question, Katy. Good morning. On cloud, as you know, we’ve been building our capabilities around cloud and the hybrid multi-cloud work environment now for years. And when we think about cloud generally, I think about it adding even more complexity to the choices that our customers need to make and you add the uncertainty of the world that we’re in today, there’s even another layer of complexity. Even simple cloud choices like the video and call solutions that we all are using now creates complexity for the IT staff as they’ve got to enable co-workers to use it consistently, and at high-performance levels, et cetera. So this plays very well into our value proposition. We have, as you know, I think, we have over 250 cloud offerings on our line card, and we’re essentially – our value prop is we’re vendor and technology and consumption and consumption agnostic. So we can play that trusted adviser role for organizations as they’re sorting through what their strategies ought to be. And frankly, when we talk to customers now, the questions, because they’re moving so quickly, is help us figure this out, what should we do, how should we do it? We’re having those types of questions around assessing and design more frequently than ever before. So you think about professional services, managed services for public and hybrid cloud. Those are areas that we have been investing and we’ll continue to invest in. So we can help our customers assess their options, where to migrate and how to evaluate how to integrate, how to support the deployment and then how to manage cloud workloads. So I would say, it’s a full spectrum from a CES design, integrate and manage across a multi-cloud world.
Christine Leahy: Yeah, Hi, Maggie. So in connection with the resources, yeah, think about it a couple of different ways. One is you think – I think about our sales organization and where demand is and how we can help generate demand and also help customers facilitate through stimulus packages and things like that. So some of the more resilient end markets, we’re ensuring that we’ve got the sales organizations well aligned from a resource perspective there. From a technology perspective, we’ve been building capabilities across the full spectrum of solutions and certainly focused on the most pressing solutions right now. We talked about network augmentation, things like that. But we are building our cloud capabilities, our automation capabilities. Aptris was a great example of an acquisition that brought us extremely strong capabilities in a cornerstone IT software application and Scalar is another great example of doubling the size of our business up in Canada through a strategic acquisition of organization that has, from your cloud capabilities, both professional services, all the capabilities, both professional services, all the way through to managed capabilities. And we continue to add those in the US as well. You might be familiar we introduced our CDW Amplified Services last year. And one key focal area, a pillar of those services is around a multi-cloud environment. So we’ll continue to focus there. The other area that I think, we all believe is going to be accelerating is helping customers with their digital needs. Digital now is a matter of survival in addition to competitive advantages. We hear it across the board. Even retail fast food organizations, who are taking a real accelerated approach to digital. Our technology organization has solutions architects as well as engineers who can support in the design and deployment of digital strategies. And so we’ll expect to see more and more of that, I think, over the next few months. Those might not come to fruition perhaps until later in the year. But certainly, we are having those conversations now.
Christine Leahy: Yeah. Okay. So let me try and take those in order. In terms of strategic shift, the way I’d think about it is our overall strategy and the value proposition to our customers, it stays the same in terms of diversified portfolio of end markets, breadth of product and services that we offer to meet the customers’ needs now and in the future. In terms of new segments potentially or within segments, we also sub-segment and sub-verticalization is a focus of how we serve our partners and our customers more effectively. And so certainly, coming out of this environment, I could envision some additional sub-segmentation or markets that we serve in a different way or a more concentrated way. On the small business side, we’ve been investing in our e-commerce capabilities over the last several years when we started the small business of stand-alone unit, 2.5 years ago, and we’ve been seeing great results. And I would expect in this environment and in the future, that digital will play a continuing bigger role in small business. But just as it will, with respect to the rest of our segments, I expect to see kind of the human and digital combination be very strong. Within education, on the K-12, we’ve seen strength there. And as you know, there’s the educators are focused on access and equity. There’s a large proportion of students across the world and across the US that do not have access to endpoint devices, client devices and/or the Internet. And there’s quite a focus on ensuring as e-learning is expected to continue, that those devices get into their hands. And so we’re helping try to support that. On the higher ed side, we saw strength in the first quarter, as we said. But equally, we think that budget, I’ll call it budget concerns, as we go into the latter half of the year in a couple of the segments, could weigh on demand, and we’ll have to see how that plays out.
Christine Leahy: Yes. Yes, Shannon, thanks for that question. All of the above, I would say. And it is such a -- I’ll call it almost diverse experience, depending on the industry, depending on the customer. We have not seen a large portion of customers cancel projects. That’s the number one thing. We have seen more customers who have just diverted their resources and their attention to the more urgent needs. And they’re still focused on urgent needs in terms of optimizing the work from home or remote working situations that they’re in. There’s a lot of focus on that right now. But equally, we have seen some customers who are coming back. We’ve got some larger digital transformation projects that customers have actually accelerated. And we’re working with them across the board because, as I said before, it’s a matter of obviously survival, but also competitive advantage coming out of this. So it’s quite a wide range, and I’m not sure there’s much that we can pull out of that in way of trend. We’re just staying close to our customers and ensuring that we keep the projects going forward that can. But very few have canceled, canceled, Shannon.
Christine Leahy: Yeah, it’s Chris. It has in some ways because of the urgency of getting the devices where they needed to be. And CDW’s team did a really great job of moving shipments. So, you know, give you an example. When you’ve got a shipment for 10,000 devices, that goes to one location. And those 10,000 devices now need to go to 10,000 locations or 5,000 locations. That’s not easy to do. And the organization did a great job being flexible and responsive there. In terms of continuing to support, yes, we are adding additional hardware, software and support services to these work-from-home and remote requirements. But generally, we’re - those are being managed centrally through the IT group of the organization. So it feels like it’s more just a dispersed workforce, if you will, managed centrally. And that’s something that we’re highly capable of doing. 
Christine Leahy: Hi, Keith. Yeah, great question. Thank you. There are a couple of different levels there. Let me just start first with the service engineers. And then move into the sales organization. Our service engineers, we broke immediately into several components, what could be done remotely and what needed to into several be done on-site and then provided them with the protective equipment and peace of mind that they could go on-site with customers. And they have been doing that and doing that very effectively. But we did break that into pieces. And remote access can get us very far in some of the work we’ve had to do for work from home. Regarding our sellers, I’ll come back to the comments I mentioned earlier. Certainly, in-person connections and meetings at the office, and relationship building live has always been important to any relationship sales organization. But the -- I don’t want to call it surprising. But it’s been a really positive discovery for me in any event is the incredible way that our sales organization is staying connected with our customers, almost more deeply than in person. So I think what we’re going to start to see is, flexible ways of working. Our hybrid world will probably become our workforce hybrid world. And they’ll all do what they need to do to make the connections and serve the customers and ensure that we can have learning sessions and white boarding sessions that are as effective as possible. And some of that might go back to kind of the way it was prior to this epidemic. But I also think we’re going to see some significant changes. The other thing I would say is our sales organization, as you know, is a legacy inside organization that goes back a long way. And so the teams have been built with resources wrapped around them that have, in many cases, been remotely accessed. So it’s not a new thing for our sellers, and our solutions architects and engineers to be on collaborative tools actually helping to solve solutions. So I hope that answers the question. I think we’ll see a little bit of a new world going forward. And I feel like the team has already been effective. And we’ll take the learning’s and continue to drive even greater and deeper relationships with our customers.
Christine Leahy: Thank you. Thank you all for staying on a little longer with us. Concluding today’s call, I want to once more recognize the remarkable dedication of our co-workers around the globe and their extraordinary commitment to serving our customers, our partners and all CDW stakeholders. They continuously reaffirm my conviction that we will enjoy better days ahead. I’m so proud and grateful to be part of this team. So thank you to the team. And thank you to our customers and our partners for the privilege and opportunity to serve you during these times and to our investors and analysts for participating in this call. We appreciate you and your continuing interest in and support of CDW. Collin and I look forward to talking with you again next quarter. Until then, stay healthy, stay safe and be well. Thank you.
