Collin Kebo: Thanks, Amit. On both the year-over-year and sequential basis, there's some recurring things. I would say the biggest driver is product margin particularly driven by notebook, mix and rate. Obviously, we've had strong growth in Chromebooks in education. The other thing that happened in the quarter was really strong growth in our U.K. and Canadian businesses. It was a fiscal year-end for many of their public customers. We had a very strong fiscal year end in those markets, and a lot of those deals tended to be in client devices. So you have public and client device end market mix internationally. In the previous quarter, Q4 benefited from strong configuration services as we decommissioned the majority of the devices we had from the Census Device as a Service offering last year. A little of that spilled over into the first quarter, but for the most part, it was done. As you think about gross margin, as you know, we don't provide an outlook. It can bounce around from quarter-to-quarter based on a variety of factors. We do tend to focus on the NGLI margin because of our variable cost structure, and that's more variable. But if I can just share some thoughts on some of the puts and takes to gross margin as you think about the next couple of quarters. I think from a tailwind perspective, I would expect the longer-term secular trend to 100% gross margin items and as well as us continuing to grow our higher-margin services businesses. In terms of headwinds, we've talked about this for some time, but there's hardware mix, and particularly within the hardware mix, client devices and Chromebooks. And then from a product margin perspective, I think some things to think about, there's that continuous commoditization that you can see. I think we went through a unique period over the past couple of quarters where we saw customers prioritizing speed and execution over price. We're beginning to move into what I would describe as a more normalized customer behavior environment where customers are willing to wait a little bit longer and prioritize price over speed because the urgency and kind of existential threat of the pandemic in business continuity isn't as great as it was just a few quarters ago. From an OEM perspective, obviously, there's some supply challenges out there and OEMs aren't getting as aggressive on special pricing programs as they might with a channel with more normalized environment. So I think you have a lot of things going on there.  We have been through cycles like this before. I'd point to the 2018 to 2019 time frame, where our top line ticks up into the high single digits or even low double digits as we sell a lot of hardware, we exceed our 200 to 300 basis point premium by a meaningful amount, but gross margin has a '16 handle on it. And I think that's part of the power of the business model is that we pivot to where the profitable growth is, and that's why we do focus on non-GAAP operating income and EPS and free cash flow.
Collin Kebo: Yes, Katy. What I would say is we came into the year with a higher-than-normal backlog. And while there were some ups and downs as we went through the quarter and some ups and downs by end market, by the time we ended the first quarter, the backlog was relatively consistent with where it was at the beginning of the year. So that would tell you that writings in sales and sales generally kept pace with each other. Where we've seen the backlog increase has been more subsequent to the end of the first quarter, and that would tell us that we're writing well ahead of shipments.
Collin Kebo: Yes, Adam. I mean, we -- first, thank you. You're right. This is one of the parts of the job that I won't miss down the road. But putting all the mix issues aside, we are seeing some product margin compression in certain categories. And just to go a little bit deeper on some of the comments I've made before. Again, I just -- I think 2020 was really unique in the way that customers were prioritizing speed and execution overtaking every last basis point off the table in terms of their IT buying behavior. And I think now that we're moving into a different phase of the pandemic where that mission-critical nature of getting that IT purchase as quickly as possible just isn't there, we're seeing a return to kind of some of that more normal customer buying behavior. I would characterize the competitive environment as competitive, not irrational, but we compete in a highly competitive marketplace. From an OEM perspective, they are obviously wrestling with higher input costs and supply challenges, right? And so because of that -- that drives a couple of things. One, they are not incentivized to aggressively invest as much in the channel and special pricing programs and things like that, that they might in a more normal supply environment and a more normal competitive environment where they're battling it out to gain share. And in some instances, they're taking those higher costs and passing them along in the form of price increases. Now we do work on a cost-plus model, as we've talked about over the years. But if you just think about the math of the way a price increase works, if, for argument's sake, we make $100 per unit of gross profit on a notebook. And that notebook price goes up by 5% or 10%, that is going to be a lower reported gross margin percentage. So I think those are some of the dynamics that are driving some of the changes we're seeing on product margin currently versus some of the preceding quarters.
Collin Kebo: Yes, I would say abnormal education seasonality is the single biggest driver here. If you look historically what has driven the increase in sequential growth from Q1 to Q2, education is, by far, the number one factor when you look across our end markets. So we just come into the typical education peak season with a much stronger base. And we've talked about several quarters now of unusual or abnormal education seasonality. So I would say that's the first driver. I touched on a couple of other ones in my prepared comments. But again, just an unusually strong public year-end finish in the U.K. and Canada. I know it's public year-end every year in the first quarter, but we just had a particularly strong finish this year. And then we also carried a little bit of Census revenue in the first quarter as we completed the device to decommissioning. We are completely done with that and have no Census revenue going forward. I think the other thing that I would think about, and I made this comment in one of the answers earlier, was that our backlog was relatively unchanged over the course of the first quarter. If supply is more resilient than we think -- actually, I don't think it is. But if supply is more resilient and we can begin whittling down that backlog or if demand is even greater, and supply can keep up with that greater demand, I think that could provide some upside in terms of sequential growth and into the back half of the year. We just don't have the visibility at this point, though, to build that confidence on supply into the full year outlook and into the second quarter.
Collin Kebo: Thanks, Ruplu. In terms of our own CapEx, again, we talked about this a little bit on the call. But a lot of that is going into our own digital transformation, and that can be better tools for our sellers, more AI, how our customers interact with CDW and making those transactions more frictionless as well as investments we're making in supply chain, both resiliency as well as flexibility. So I would think about CapEx going across those buckets. In terms of adding another distribution center, I don't know that in the next few years, we would have a -- build another 0.5 million square foot distribution center. I think we would look at more dynamic and flexible models, working with third-party logistics organizations and really thinking through how to optimize our footprint across the U.S. from a supply chain perspective. Oh, and I think you had a question on utilization. Yes. Look, the distribution centers are busy. There's no doubt about that. Part of that is us flexing our muscles and where we can, bringing inventory in and configuring that and staging it for our customers and helping them through this choppy environment. So there is some capacity there. It's tight. And again, I think we would use more of a flexible model and more of a renting space in the short term as we need it until we get a better sense of what supply and demand look like over the longer term.
Collin Kebo: No, Keith, I wouldn't think pricing power per se. I think the competitive advantage is probably more on the ability to secure supply to the tenants available and getting at least our fair share. I think ultimately, your ability to price through it is a function of the competitive environment and the customer's willingness to wait. And I think that's what's different now versus, say, 2, 3 quarters ago, where the customer wasn't willing or couldn't wait. So I don't know that there's a huge opportunity to pass along incremental pricing beyond what the market will bear is what I would say.
Collin Kebo: I would say it's both. The components -- I mean, obviously, the processor shortage is well documented, but things like glass and -- it just -- all of the challenges associated with that. And then, again, the logistics challenges of ports and canals and natural disasters and all of those things. So it is really a confluence of events that are impacting supply.
Chris Leahy: Yes. One thing, Amit. And I'd say, look, as customers continue to work through their budgets and keep a close eye on the macro environment, the vaccine rollout, that's really going to dictate where they're spending and if we continue to see this uptick in hardware refresh. In terms of software, look, that can be fairly lumpy as we've talked about before. Depending on the mix of software, this quarter, we saw license -- shorter-term licenses and licenses not as strong, but I'll tell you, SaaS continues to be quite strong across the portfolio. So we don't expect software to start to diminish as we move forward in the year, notwithstanding a hardware refresh. It's still critically important, obviously, to the full stack. So I think we'll continue to see software strong. It's just going to bounce around depending on what's being bought and whether or not it's netted down.
Chris Leahy: Okay. Katy, it's Chris. I'll take that. I think I heard -- you cut out for a minute, but I think the question was on the IT market rate of growth given some of the forecasts out there. And as you know, we triangulate from a variety of sources. We do customer input partner inputs the CIO and VAR surveys and the IDCs and Gartners. And I'd share a couple of thoughts. I think the forecast tend to lag current market conditions for the third-party analysts. And while demand feels very healthy, I'm not sure how many of the external forecasts are incorporating the impact of supply chain that we've talked about. And the CIO surveys, if you focus on that, they are a little more cautious than some of the others. So we feel pretty confident that we've landed on a growth rate that feels right, right now. But of course, as we go through the year, as we always do, we'll update based on what we see the changes in the market.
Chris Leahy: I would say it's overweighted to -- it's overweighted to hardware and clients, but it's really broadly driven. The demand is across both transactional and solutions, and that's driving the market rate of growth in our view.
Chris Leahy: Yes. That's a great question, Shannon. It will be a tailwind in our mind for sure. I think about it a little bit like getting an elephant through the snake. It takes some time to actually get it moving through the system. So when you think about the 3 different stimulus acts that have been passed last March and then last December and then most recently in March, there are funds that have been available for state and local K-12 and Healthcare, in particular, where we see the most benefit for our customers. And we have a team actually that goes through the stimulus bills and understands where the dollars are going and frankly, help our customers quite a bit in understanding how and where and when they can spend their dollars. So we see it as an absolute tailwind and our customers do look to us to help understand how best to utilize those funds. If you look at the most recent of the American Rescue Plan in March, there's about $350 billion going to state and local and $130 billion going to K-12. So we certainly look forward to helping them use those and invest in technology as they come out of the current environment.
Chris Leahy: So yes, if we take K-12 for example. We go to market with what we call customer-centric solutions. So we're focused on those areas that are most strategic and important to our customers. K-12, for example. Think of classroom transformation, think of school-facing, think of networking augmentation. So certainly, after the stack, starting with a consultative role in a design role and then bringing to bear our implementation, integration and management capabilities. But we -- K-12 really turns to CDW and state and local health care, who are going to be beneficiaries of the stimulus, for the holistic capabilities that we bring to bear. And at the end of the day, that actually helps them maximize the dollars they can use through stimulus because we know how to work those dollars through the needle.
Chris Leahy: Well, our premium does tend to be 200 to 300 basis points higher than the market when we start the year. We hold ourselves accountable for that. And when we sell a lot of hardware, as you know, which is recognized at full revenue, we tend to outperform that premium. So we brought it up to 300 to 400 basis points. When you think about the mix of hardware, that seems to make a lot of sense to us. So if I just go through the math. If we take Census out of the baseline, which contribute about 2 -- 200 to 240 basis points to premium last year, we're looking at a good 500 to 600 basis points this year by bringing our premium up those 100 basis points. So when you ask about whether or not we, as I said, kind of durable forecast or outlook for outperformance, I would say it really depends on the mix. In years where we have high hardware, we tend to outperform because we recognize much of what we sell on a full net sales basis. In times when we have slower sales of hardware, and we have more netted down items, that's when we'll see the top line more muted. So we're hesitant to commit to a higher premium generally because of the mix of the business. And the beauty of the model is exactly that mix of the business. We've got the full range of IT products and we go where our customers need them when they need us. So I don't see us bringing that up to a higher level at any point soon, but rather toggling to where our customers need us.
Chris Leahy: It's -- let me start with a step back. If you think across our customers, you hear quite a bit about when people are going back or returning to the office. And I'll tell you, while certainly there you see in the news a couple of large organizations that are returning to the office pretty quickly in the summer, most of our customers around -- across Commercial and Small Business are still, I'd say, not rushing. They're still planning and they're still a little cautious because they've got employees on both sides of the spectrum. Those who want to get back and those who frankly aren't yet ready to get back. So first, I would just say we're in a time right now where as the vaccination pace might accelerate and we see what happens over the next couple of years. We've got to be patient for a couple of months. All that said, clearly, the hybrid world is here to stay and our customers are thinking and planning around how to have flexible -- where people are now calling Hyflex environment, hybrid and flexible environment.  And so we are in the -- we are still planning with them. We are seeing some customers that have had just old infrastructure and a real need to upgrade get to it over the past couple of months. But we are still heavily in the phase of, I'll call it, assessment to optimize, whether old plans to upgrade throughout the window and we start to move more to cloud, whether customers think more strongly about on-prem cloud-like solutions, which are now really readily available and of great interest. So what I would say, Matt, is that we're still -- customers are still assessing and they're being more reflective. As Collin mentioned, last year, there was just a kind of a rush to get business continuity. And now there's a more measured, reflective strategic approach on what's going to be durable competitive advantage for the long term. So what does that all mean? We have seen customers spending more on infrastructure, hardware infrastructure. Obviously, cloud is doing really quite well. We saw a server uptick. Storage is getting stronger. One would expect we'd see netcomm really come to life later in the year or midyear as customers are heading back to the office. But there's -- on-prem hardware is not going to go away, it's just what's going to be most optimal. And as I said, customers are really weighing the benefits right now.
Chris Leahy: Thanks for the question. Let me start with the second part first. Our guidance isn't dependent on when or how many people we get back into the office or going on to customer sites. So we've really done a great job. The team has done a great job of staying connected and staying productive. So we're not -- it's not dependent on that. In terms of going back to the office and how we think about that, a couple of things. First of all, we have coworkers on both ends of the spectrum. As I mentioned before, as most companies do, we've got some who are really eager to be back and some who are still cautious until we get through the pandemic more fully. So what we've done is we've created opportunities for customer -- for coworkers to come together and have social and networking time in a safe way. We've also given guidance to our coworkers who are customer-facing around getting together with customers who would like to get together again in a safe way, and that started to happen. We also have customers who are very comfortable with our service provision in a remote way, which we've been doing throughout the pandemic. But we also have customers who are now opening up and allowing us back on site. We have bases that are opening, et cetera. So I guess I'd say, look, we're doing very well from a productivity and connectivity perspective. We are starting to get together with customers in-person. And you can imagine it depends on what's happening within each state, for example, or each country. I think the U.K. just had their garden pubs open, and that was a big event and customers do want to get together. But we're going to do this right. We don't really want to do this with fits and starts. That's really the key for us. We want to be able to have our coworkers come back together in a way that is -- continues our highly engaged and high-performing culture and keeps the customer at the center of how we actually work together so we can continue to serve our customers and partners better than anyone else.
Chris Leahy: I would say if you were to take a scale of 1 to 100, how many are actually back in work, we're still very much on the lower end of the spectrum. So we still have a very large number of customers who are continuing to work remotely. For those who are going -- have some folks going back into the office. What we're observing is a continued investment in mobile employees, the ability to be in the office on a flexible basis, the ability to move around the office and use the office in a different way. Now the question is, what work are you doing in the office? And do you need to have more -- even more collaboration spaces and the ability for your employees to have mobile devices that they can move around with and take home? So I would say our view is that the flexible hybrid work environment is what the preponderance of our customers expect to be in over the long term. And that includes notebooks, a higher density end of notebooks, obviously, more enterprise-level collaboration capabilities.  We do have some customers who are contemplating whether to have a desktop in the office and a notebook at home for coworkers, it really depends on the industry. Things like lockers and hoteling are really points of discussion now. But that's what we're seeing overall, if that's helpful.
Chris Leahy: Yes. I guess if I think about K-12 education, I'll start with K-12, there are a couple of things. Device demand continues to remain strong because there is such a gap to that one-on-one device ratio that schools are trying to get to for equity and access and also for something they're referring to as learning loss, these gaps that might have happened over the pandemic. So there's plenty of headroom for devices going forward. With regard to CDW, what we face are tough compares from last year. So if you think about our growth over last year, very tough compares, but the demand is strong.  The other thing I would say is, as we're going into the next school year, schools are figuring -- and we're working with schools to figure out how to create the most optimal classroom experience, and that would be a blended experience, hybrid experience, all in-class. Schools really have -- they're looking at the ways of learning that they can use technology within a classroom or outside the classroom but within the walls of the school in much more creative ways. So from an infrastructure, I call it networking and particular perspective, we would expect to see upticks there. And then think of audio and visual. The older interactive flat screen panels are getting old now, but there are newer availabilities of solutions that work better. So that's another opportunity to help really modernize the classroom. So net-net, demand will remain strong with regard to devices, but the opportunity for infrastructure, network augmentation and for video will be a good opportunity as well.
Chris Leahy: Yes. Sure, Matt. Let me -- we'll talk a little bit about maybe tailwinds and headwinds. So when we think about tailwinds, certainly, the need for more remote devices, and we've talked a lot about that today, whether it's remote-enabled work or learning and device density. Then there are new use cases. We've seen a great uptick in Catalyst, for example, in terms of how our customers engage with their customers in new ways. So you've got demand from there. You've got leverage -- get the ability to leverage the stimulus. We've got those dollars flowing through. And then we also have our Corporate and Small Business segments that are recovering nicely, and the comparables over last year are pretty low. So we've got some positives in there. Then you mentioned the refresh, absolutely, 2017 and '18, we have seen and would expect to continue to see that refresh go on. So we are selling into that. On the headwind side, look, we had big overlaps over 2020 in some of our segments including K-12. And the economy is still a wildcard, though employment looks like it's picking up, and that's been quite helpful, frankly, in the Small Business space with regard to endpoint solutions. And then the last thing I would just emphasize is the headwinds and the challenges that we're facing. There's real lot visibility there. But otherwise, the demand for client devices continued to be strong.
Chris Leahy: Yes. We absolutely are going to continue to invest in our business, whether it's coworkers, other acquisitions or digital transformation, as Collin mentioned. So we certainly will continue to invest in our coworkers.
Chris Leahy: Thank you. And thank you to everyone on the call today. I would like to really recognize the incredible dedication of our coworkers around the globe and they're extraordinarily committed approach to serving our customers, our partners and all of our CDW stakeholders. Our coworkers bring it every single day. And thank you to our customers for the privilege and opportunity to serve you. To our investors and analysts participating in this call, we appreciate you and your continued interest and support of CDW, and we look forward to talking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
