Christine Leahy: Thank you, Gigi. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss CDW's first quarter 2019 results. With me on the call are Collin Kebo, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Coronelli, our VP of Investor Relations. I'll begin today's call with a brief overview of our results, key drivers and our expectations for the remainder of 2019. Collin will take you through a more detailed view of the financials. We will then go to your questions. But before we begin, Beth will present the Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Christine Leahy: Yes, hi Matt, it's great to have you back on the call again. I'd be happy to do that. I think if we break it down into a number of factors that are impacting the strength in solutions, you really have looking back at five to seven year period, where there is as you know, an accumulation of what we call - people call technical debt, in the traditional datacenter infrastructure. And whether or not it was budget constraints and customers were extending the useful life of assets, or whether it was a cloud-source strategy that our customers were considering. As we talk to our customers now, they really are looking at the new normal, I'll call it a hybrid enabled datacenter. So first of all old infrastructure, and certainly the upcoming deadlines of the Windows, End of service for 2008 and SQL Server in January are a catalyst for demand. But, at the same time, we're getting questions around which way to go; hybrid, cloud or a combination of the two. So you've got a couple of factors, aged infrastructure and absolute need to upgrade. You've got some deadlines coming up with - that's driving that. But at the same time, we've got a lot of conversation around a longer-term roadmap. That implies, I'd say growth for on-prem, growth for cloud and continuing view into, I'll call the on-prem metered model. So the demand continues to feel healthy, as I noted in our remarks, because of the centrality of the datacenter now to customers, as they are using it to drive their businesses.
Christine Leahy: Okay. Well, let me start with Scalar, and I'd say it's - the integration is on target. As you know from our history, we're very thoughtful about how we do that. Very planned, very focused on our customers first, and our co-workers as well. And it feels good. I would say the teams have come together and sales organizations understand when you bring added benefits to what they can offer to their customers to help their customers. And I'd say the sales organizations across both Scalar and CDW have felt that immediately, with some - frankly some quick wins. Our teams in the UK, the CDW teams are quite excited about the technical resources that Scalar had, and scalar is quite excited about the added portfolio that they can bring to our customers. So very positive there and on target. In terms of further expansion geographically, I'd go back to how we think about growth generally. If it's really valuable to our customers, that our starting point needs to fit into our strategy, and that could include extending our capabilities, both on the technical side, or on the geographic side. So at the end of the day, it's one of those two things and the value proposition has to be there and the price has to be compelling. So look, we are in the market. I think one of the questions that comes up frequently is when you're doing an integration are you not in the market? Are you not looking? And the bottom line is, if there is an opportunity that makes sense to help us drive accelerated capabilities faster than building it, we will absolutely look at it. But we will also want to ensure it's a compelling price.
Christine Leahy: Yeah, I'll start and I'll let Collin jump in. I think the way we think about margin. There are so many things that impact our margin. From not just mix into solution, but mix within solution as you know well. It's what we're selling, when we're selling it, whether it's radical, whether it's a transaction-based, either it's just quite a mix in the solution business that will drive variability, I would say, in the margin.
Christine Leahy: And even in some of those solutions area, Shannon, we have, what I'll call commoditization pricing. So the pricing pressures in the solutions area come down as well.
Christine Leahy: Hi Katy. Good to hear from you. I think when we look at the market share rate of growth, at least what we're looking at, and we take a look at how the company performed. We are fairly confident that across the Board, we are actually taking share. I mean, when you look at server storage over 20% as an example and other areas, relative to what we're seeing in the market, it feels like a fairly robust share gain to us.
Christine Leahy: Yeah, I'll let Collin take the modeling. But those are really some transactions - deals that were much accelerated. And we - so those come out of the year to go performance in our view, and we would not see them replaced. The flush from the lead time is something that's kind of a one-time impact. As a result, we wouldn't see - we wouldn't expect to see kind of replacement sales in the back-end for that.
Christine Leahy: Yes, very little at this point, Matt. As we've mentioned in the quarter before, we expected to see 40 basis points of growth this year. We're still working through with the census, the timing of the various devices, et cetera, so we don't have any update to that yet, nothing, nothing different from that, and just a little bit rolling right now.
Christine Leahy: Yes, I think you've got insight. Well, it's a little bit of both. I think number one healthcare organizations, as you know well, when we were in the Affordable Care Act uncertainty world for a couple of years, our healthcare systems, which are the largest portion of our customers in that space were concerned about their revenue sources, and that caused them to slow down on their spending, notwithstanding aging infrastructure, et cetera. So number one, you've got that off the table, not as front and center politically it. It pops back up sometimes, but with that off the table and more certainty around income streams, the hospitals have decided to start spending, and - so that's the first part. The second part to your point is, as they are spending, they're going through the same modernization assessment, that many of our customers are, which is how do we increase productivity? How do we improve customer experience? And that all requires datacenter modernization, and more flexible architectures, et cetera. And so we're having those kinds of conversations. We do - when we look at the growth rates in healthcare, we do feel confident that we are taking share, on top of both of those trends.
Christine Leahy: Yeah, I would say the stable part of our business is that the competitive landscape is always changing. So you have different types of organizations who pop up on the landscape. We have organizations that we're used to competing with. It's just a heavily competitive environment and that's just - that's something we're used to and we control - we can control and face it every day. So I wouldn't say more or less, it's just the continuing high competitive nature of what we do.
Christine Leahy: Yes, it's a great question. I wouldn't think of it that way because many of these projects are multiyear projects. And as you know, when we describe and I know others describe, these solutions projects can be very lumpy. Getting the timing of them exactly right is not necessarily easy. So some projects pull up to January, February, March. Others that might have pushed into the back of the year from last year, frankly. So I wouldn't think about it is as freeing up dollars. I would just think about it as shifting the timing, and not freeing up sales time to work elsewhere, because they're already working on projects that relate to deliveries later in the year.
Christine Leahy: Thank you for joining us today and for your questions. As always, I want to especially thank all of our 9,400 CDW coworkers for their exceptional efforts and dedication to serving our customers each and every day. They are our true competitive advantage, and the heart, soul and reason why we consistently deliver meaningful value to exceed our customers' needs and expectations. They are the reason we have and will continue to lead the industry. I would also like to thank our customers for the privilege and opportunity to serve and repeatedly earn your trust. Thank you and we'll look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Collin Kebo: Yeah. The only thing I would add to that Shannon is, building on Chris' comment, there's a lot of different kinds of mixes that are going on. I think your intuition is right, that you'd expect solutions to have a higher gross margin. But as we've talked about, it also has a higher cost to serve. So if you look at this past quarter, we did have great solutions performance. We had strong gross margin expansion year-over-year, but you saw the increase in our SG&A as well, reflecting that higher cost to serve. So I think you need to think about that, as opposed to the bottom line.
Collin Kebo: Katy, it's Collin. I would say the market didn't really feel any different than we thought three months ago, and just building on what Chris said. When you look at the areas where we really had a lot of strength, I'm talking about high teens to 20% growth in government, client device growth in corporate, server storage in the data center, I just don't think the market's growing at that rate in those areas, and that's where you assign more of the over performance this year versus the market.
Collin Kebo: Yeah Katy. The way I think about the $60 million to $70 million, and it is a combination of both federal timing and the netcomm backlog flush. I would have expected the netcomm backlog flush to kind of play out over the course of the year. So some of that's in Q2. Some of it was in the back half of the year, some of the federal deal timing, those were things we thought were more likely to go in the second quarter, that actually shipped in the first. So I think it's a combination of Q2 and year to go, but if you look at the first half-second half splits, we gave and obviously you know, where Q1 came in, you can get our thoughts on Q2.
Collin Kebo: Yeah, Adam, it's Collin. I think a couple of things are going on. One is the timing impact. So obviously, the timing of the $60 million, $70 million, there is an EPS that goes along with that. Depending on where people were with consensus, for the quarter and the year at somewhere around 12% to 13%. I think if you take a look at our thoughts on the full year, that would suggest we're flowing through somewhere between $0.08 to $0.11 of that. And so you can think about what's left over is primarily attributable to the timing. Generally speaking, we feel pretty consistent with how we - about a year to go as to how we thought three months ago.
Collin Kebo: Yes, sure. I think last quarter we could have been a little bit clear on our expectations for the full year. From a free cash flow generation perspective, we expect it to be within the 3.75% to 4.25%. The above 4.25% was more of a statement around capital deployment and how we expect to use our cash, and we expect to return more than the 4.25%, and that was because we over delivered cash flow last year relative to our expectations. So little bit of a catch up there, what I'll call the capital return to shareholders. So I'd say, we continue to expect to be within the 3.75% to 4.25% this year. I do think it will be a little volatile as we move throughout the year. If you look at our balance sheet, we are carrying some higher than normal inventory levels, but we are doing that to assist customers, as we work through the supply constrained environment. So again, I think it could be a little bumpy from quarter-to-quarter, but as I look at the full year, I'd expect us to be within the 3.75% to 4.25%.
Collin Kebo: Yes, we didn't provide that. But we did share that Scalar performed in line with expectations and previously, we said we expected Scalar to contribute about 100 basis points for the full year. So I think that'll get you in the general ballpark.
Collin Kebo: Yes. We grew client devices double digits in the quarter, and we continue to see healthy demand for client devices. Obviously, there is constrains around supply availability and we have some big overlaps coming up. So while we feel good about the client device business, I would expect the growth rate to moderate as we move throughout the year.
