Thomas E. Richards: Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you today and to report on our first quarter results. Joining me on this call this morning are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Counsel; and Sari Macrie, our Vice President, Investor Relations. I'll begin today's call with a brief overview of our results and key drivers, and we'll run through the financials and then we'll go right to your questions. But before we begin, Sari will provide a few important comments regarding what we will share with you today.
Thomas E. Richards: Matt, I would tell you one of the things that I think is a benefit to the CDW business model is the diversification of segments, and so the answer to that question kind of depends on the segment you're thinking about. The segment that probably ties the most to the macro-economic marketplace is our corporate segment, and as you heard me state, it feels like there's still in caution out there. And I think even within our corporate segment, you can see differences in different parts of the country depending on which industries they support. For example, our West Coast gang was continued to be fairly optimistic; the people that handled the oil and gas part of the world continue to be conservative. So I think it's mixed, and it still feels like there's a dose of caution out there. I don't know that there was a dramatic change as we kind of move through the quarter.
Thomas E. Richards: Our current appetite is, we've got all we can eat right now on integrating CDW UK. I almost said Kelway, but we've committed ourselves to say CDW UK. But look, in all seriousness now, we will continue to look at those areas, and I think we talked about this in the past, there may be some solution areas, where we feel like we need some either particular skills or there are some products, but I would say for the foreseeable future, we're going to be remained focused on getting CDW UK fully integrated and delivering kind of that one-company experience I talked about earlier.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I think one of the reasons we continue to maybe perform a little differently is a) the breadth of the OEM partners that we support. Now, you've heard me talk about in the past that there's a lot of new players in that space, and we have benefited from the excitement around a lot of their products. But as I think I also mentioned on previous calls, I did not expect the traditional OEM partners to just sit there and say, okay, we're going to acquiesce. As we saw this quarter, we saw some of the traditional partners, especially in the flash area, be meaningful contributors. So I think it kind of comes back to the basis of the business model and the diversification we talk about is one of the reasons you see our growth sometimes be a little different than what you hear from people who are purely kind of in one particular product line or in one particular OEM.
Thomas E. Richards: Well. I think, Matt, if you think about the success of our cloud practice, we too are experiencing what I would describe as the benefit of customers thinking about within their infrastructure, what parts of that infrastructure, what applications, what workloads make sense for me to put in the cloud. I think that has a lot to do with why you're seeing the growth I alluded to. But I also think what you're seeing, because we had a number of segments that had storage and server growth this quarter, you're also seeing people continue to look at what I believe is the ultimate model is going to be a hybrid infrastructure. And so, they'll look at those situations where it makes sense to have it either on prem – and, in fact, we just had a bunch of customers at one of our leadership off-sites and it was interesting to hear them talk and how they think about where an application goes. And I'd tell you it's partially driven by economics, it's partially driven by flexibility, it's partially driven by cost and I think that's one of the reasons that we've had the balanced growth of both our cloud practice and some of the more traditional hardware categories.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, I think it's interesting. Maybe I'll put a little different spin on it, Matt, is the dollar flows are different because of how cloud is billed. And as I've talked about it a couple of times, some people have adopted a subscription model, which if I'd draw an analogy, it'd be like the old days when there was a fair amount of leasing of hardware, where the revenue stream is more ratable, so to speak, and more predictable. So I think that makes it hard to make the perfect correlation. Do we have the capability to capture all of the spend? Yes, we have the broad product suite to do that. But ultimately, I guess if you're really honest, it comes down to your ability to continue to execute in the marketplace is going to determine whether or not you're going to capture the majority of the revenue stream.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, Brian, yes, this is Tom. It's just the seasonality. I mean, they have a different rhythm because of the first quarter end to their fiscal year. And so, interestingly enough, it's very similar to what you see here when we have the sequential behavior, the same is true over there. And then they had the added part that last year was an election year, so you had this kind of big second quarter. And we knew that. That's one of the reasons when we gave you the signal of $650 million to $700 million for the first half. We knew we had that kind of different rhythm, if I can say it that way, than the U.S. So it is performing exactly as we expected. Except, I will say, they performed better than we expected in the first quarter.
Thomas E. Richards: I would say, look, it's kind of as expected, Osten. We thought there would be some additional contribution from adding Dell to the product suite. That was kind of the rationale and, in fact, we saw that. But I don't know that I would attribute all of that growth to Dell. I think some of it is kind of the cyclical nature of refresh, and we did have a little bit of a strange, as you heard me call out in the script, dichotomy of performance, if you will, in that transactional growth was very heavy in our corporate segment and just the opposite in our public segment. I think some of that has to do maybe with just project momentum. And some of the caution you may have heard me articulate in the script about corporate and MedLar may have given people incentive to do some projects on the transaction side versus the solution side. 
Thomas E. Richards: Yep, good question. Hey, let me offer one other thing, too. We did have some really strong success with some new form factors in the quarter, and I think that contributed a lot to that improved growth that you saw in the transaction space. And then back to E-Rate, E-Rate is – especially as you're starting to think about, you still have 2015 E-Rate funds and now they started to 2016 process. So let me see if I can give some clarity. If you think about the 2015 money, just comparing last year, first quarter of this year, the E-Rate funds we received, or flowed through in revenue, was 12% higher. So it is having a positive impact in the education segment. As you may or may not know, we've been able to see customers spend a little greater than 50% of the money that was allocated. So, let's say $120 million were allocated to CDW customers and we've seen them spend in the north of 50%, 60% range. So that means there's a still hunk of spend out there to be spent. Now, in reality, Osten, they don't ever really spend 100%, so we've got some incremental runway on last year's E-Rate revenue. Now, we start 2016 E-Rate process, which unfortunately was delayed a month because of a systems glitch, so it's a little bit behind where we were last year. But we would anticipate, and we are expecting ourselves, to perform at the same rate when it comes to capturing that new revenue. And then I think lesson learned, we'll expect that the spend is going to take over a year as we move through the process. 
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. I would say, it remains the same. I think there's still a dose of caution out there in the marketplace. Now, granted, we don't have what I'll call the panic that was driven by the financial markets in January and February, but I also believe there's enough indications. Look, if you think about it, Sherri, this way, what were they forecasting GDP in the first quarter? It was forecasted to be like 1.3% and it came in at 0.5%. So I think that caution is driven by the reality of kind of the fragile economy we're dealing with. Now, we are expecting it to improve as we go through the year, and that gives us some optimism when we think about some of our segments.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, we're not going to give you an outlook for the second half of the year, but I will tell you that you're 100% on target, it is those two-for-one new form factors that I think seem to be appealing to a market need and we have benefited from the introduction of those, especially as other OEMs have adopted that introduction.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. I think, let me try to walk through the first question, Mark. I think part of it starts with our scale that gives us the ability to go to market in a segmented way. And that diversification of markets that we address I think has a lot to do with our ability to consistently deliver performance above the market. If you think about it, these markets operate so independently. I mean, you just think about the success we had in the government segment and in particular in state and local, you look at small business had a pretty good quarter. And then, you look at – like education and even that's a bifurcated market. What we saw in K-12, while it ended up down slightly for the quarter, was really an upswing and momentum as we went through the quarter. And then you look at higher-ed who just has the budget issues. So I think that diversification, and at least in my experience here at CDW, is one of the main reasons that we were able to kind of have this sustainable performance. The second thing is the breadth of the OEM partners that we have. We've talked about storage is just a great example. We've been able to maintain what I would describe as a solid storage track record here over the last five quarters or six quarters, in part, because we have a number of new entrants that are coming in. We bring on 60 to 70 new people every year. And that influences new opportunities in the marketplace. And I think, I've said this before – as you might have an OEM have a tough quarter, the breadth of the OEMs that we carry have a tendency to mitigate the negative swings we might have in the marketplace. And then linking that to your acquisition versus penetration, we – I think look at, for example, small business is an incredible acquisition engine for us. And it's ironic that one of the great drivers of that acquisition is cloud computing, because the cloud model, especially a public cloud model, is especially appealing to a small business that doesn't have a lot of capital, that's trying to get themselves started. And so it's been not only a driver of growth but a driver of small business when I'm speaking about cloud computing. So then I move to the second part of your question. We've got a pretty broad portfolio of cloud partners as it exists today. I'm going to say it's north of 50 cloud partners to 70 cloud partners that are out there, and each of them have different go to market strategies and how they think about CDW. I would say the staff part of the business has continued to grow and infrastructure as a service is an increasingly important and growing part of the business, but it doesn't yet have the penetration level of SaaS. I think in part because SaaS in many cases is a little lower risk. So people kind of stick their toe in the ocean on a SaaS application. But increasingly, as I referred to the customers we had in here a couple of weeks ago, are thinking about infrastructure as a service, or hybrid implementations where they're doing things like putting current converged infrastructure in the middle of a cloud-based data center and using converged infrastructure as kind of a traffic cop.
Thomas E. Richards: Yep. Well, we have high expectations of our services organization, as always. And we've made a meaningful investment in that business when it comes to service delivery engineers, and so we expect them to continue to grow. I think if you heard this quarter, the two people – two people, right Tom, the two parts of services that grew where warranties, which is kind of tied to some of the transactional growth success we had, and CDW best services (57:13), which is really kind of our professional services business. And that very much is a link to our solutions practice. So when you see us growing servers and Netcom and some of the wireless capabilities, having this service ability to not only procure it, but implement it and manage it is important. So I'm not going to give you an actual forecast, but suffice it to say, we expect them to continue to perform at a meaningful rate.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. We've had a really strong success. Inside of our referral business, it's a – I don't want to give you the exact number, but just suffice it to say that it's meaningful double-digits of deals that we've had as a result of having that capability. And it's not just one way. It's not just UK benefiting from U.S. customers; we are benefiting in the U.S. from UK customers. So it's executing the way we had hoped.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, well, you just made one guy in this room really happy, so I'll have him send you a thank-you note. All right, good.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. So on the first one, I'd say it's a combination of two things. It is looking at some of the larger deals that we have, that we feel like we're beginning to ship product as we move through the year. But it also is kind of the – if you think about the composite of our customer set, Katy, there's a fair amount of our customers that are small to mid-size businesses that tend to move with the economy. So some of that is driven by an expected improvement in GDP. and therefore expected spend. So it's a combination of both. And the lumpiness in server hardware versus server solutions, which has been pretty consistent growth, is in part driven by certain segments. For example, we had a couple of segments that had just incredible server hardware quarters, but we had other segments that were benefiting from virtualization and doing something to create capacity. So, what we're seeing is, depending on where customers are in their lifecycle, if they're in the middle of virtualization and creating additional capacity, they're not buying new hardware. We've a couple of segments, truthfully, that are waiting for the new chipset, and feel very much like when that gets delivered, we're going to see some incremental server hardware takeoff. So just trying to be transparent into kind of the different dynamics influencing that server – server solutions area.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Thanks, Andrew. Thanks again, everybody. I appreciate you taking the time today and appreciate your questions, and your following CDW. As always, if there's anything we can help your businesses with, we'll be more than happy to share some of those investments we've been making in people and technology. And, as always, it's Mother's Day on Sunday. So do not forget, she's the reason you're here. All right. Thanks, everybody. See you.
Ann Elizabeth Ziegler: I think that we'll be consistent with the capital allocation target that we've been following for over a year and that is to continue to increase our dividend until we get the 30% of free cash flow. We have done some significant increases the past two years, 59% each year. So, I would expect us to continue to do that until we get to the 30% target. And then, we will use excess cash for tuck-in acquisitions. Tom mentioned we've probably got our handful in the short run, and then to buy back stock. I think in this interest rate environment, 2.5 times to 3.0 times, we're very comfortable with that leverage ratio. If there were to be a material change in interest rates, we obviously would re-address.
Ann Elizabeth Ziegler: Yeah. No, we would expect that authorization to last for several years, I would say. And part of it just depends – I mean, in the capital allocation strategy, we don't have a desire to forecast (43:39) so to speak – at interest rates near zero, having a lot of cash on our balance sheet isn't something that we want to do or that the business model needs. And so, as we see potential acquisition opportunities, we'll look at those. If we don't have the capacity or there isn't anything attractive out there, we'll deploy excess cash after dividends to buy back stock.
Ann Elizabeth Ziegler: No. I mean, we maintain you know to outgrow the U.S. IT market by 200 basis points to 300 basis points and essentially to maintain our adjusted EBITDA margins in the mid-7% range, so that just flows through to EBITDA, so to speak.
Sherri A. Scribner: Hi, thanks. Tom, it sounded from your commentary that the macro environment is generally still about what you saw at the beginning of the year. I just wanted to make sure that was the case, even though there's been a number of puts and takes, in general, it sounds like your outlook is relatively unchanged for the year.
Sherri A. Scribner: And then maybe could you just touch on the earlier comments you made about some changes in form factor? I assume that's in the PC segment, are you seeing more momentum in things like two and ones, and...
Sherri A. Scribner: ...tablets? And then maybe what's your outlook for the second half of the year for the PC market? Thanks.
