Thomas E. Richards: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss CDW's fourth quarter and full-year 2016 results. With me in the room are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our General Counsel; and Sari Macrie, our VP, Investor Relations. I'll begin our call with an overview our full year and fourth quarter performance and share some thoughts on strategic progress and expectations for 2017. Then I'll hand it over to Ann who will take you through a more detailed review of the financials. After that, we'll open it up for some questions. But before we begin, Sari will present the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Thomas E. Richards: All right. Good morning, Matt. So, there was a lot there. Let me see if I can kind of go in sequence here. So the first thing is, you're right, as I alluded to, we did see and did feel the increased optimism more quickly in Small Business. And I think that's logical just because of the size of the dollars involved and the amount of investment. But we also did see increased optimism in the Corporate segment too. As we had hoped to, I think we alluded to this on a number of different calls, there clearly was increased activity. It hasn't quite played out yet. I think there's a little more caution in the larger enterprises and they had spent so much of the year focused on software assurance, virtualization to optimize that infrastructure. But I think everybody kind of has guarded optimism. And I think it's guarded because I do think people understand the complexity that it will take to implement some of the things that's driving the optimism. And I feel a little bit like Groundhog Day, because this time last year we were talking about there was optimism, we were going to have improving economic activity and was going to accelerate in the back half of the year, right? Exact same story. I think this time, there's probably a little more rationale for it. And so, we would expect there to be increased growth. And I think the other connection I want to make sure you heard in the script was, we'll see a lot of that we think in the hardware side of the business. We think we're going to continue to see that focus on the optimization, securely designing and kind of protecting your investment, but will be coupled with some increased focus on hard work.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay, Matt. So I'm not sure how many we're into, three or four. Let me try to take them one at a time. Look, CDW UK and Canada, both of our international organizations had great fourth quarters. And I don't know thing – it's anything more than just focus and execution. I think in the case of UK, kind of the further we got away from the reality of Brexit and people understanding kind of the longer-term play, it enabled people to get back focused on their companies, their businesses, and we clearly capitalized on that. I think there's benefit from the ongoing integration of CDW UK into CDW, benefiting from some of the things that this company has kind of used to continue to outperform the market, but you can't deny they had a great finish to the year, I'm just really proud of that team. If you think about international expansion, kind of go back to what our strategy was. This was about following our U.S. customers and making sure we had the capabilities to help them with some of their international needs and we have had already success, as I alluded to. We will continue to look opportunistically for expansion opportunities, but it's not driven by, hey, is there a part of the world we need to go and get, it's more of where are our customers taking us and where would they want us to go.
Thomas E. Richards: Good morning, Amit. I think they're going to come in, based on what we know today, throughout the year. I'll just say, it was a meaningful dollar value; let us go with that. It was north of $50 million. And it was just a function of – they had an initiative to move to Windows 10 in certain parts of the federal government and had issued the purchase orders. We were kind of working aggressively to get those done. They wanted them shipped by the end of the year. And then we found out in December that based on some internal, I'll just call it, challenges, they asked us to delay shipping those into 2017. I think it's going to take – it's not going to happen all in one quarter, I think it's going to be spread out over the year. But it is a meaningful number.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. So, first of all, we use kind of the broader term of security. I know it's maybe a nuance, but it's much of cyber security, so to speak. And we don't share the size of that business. I think I have shared a number of cases kind of how fast it's been growing. And look, I don't know what term to use other than meaningful double digits it continues to grow. I think the example I gave, Amit, was kind of more of a normal, what happens for us in cyber security. We were asked to come in and assess the environment and that assessment includes everything from diagnostics to actually putting devices in to monitor opportunities as far as breaches, and then we kind of come in on the back end and build out a combination of both services and delivered solutions. I would say the business is still – it's not a recurring revenue business yet in a major way, although, I think what you're seeing and you picked up on this when I alluded to the fact that there's now a $200,000 annual monthly recurring revenue, that's kind of vision into the future for us.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, Matt, it is. It's a little bit like Groundhog Day on that subject too, it feels like. So, as we think about the nuance of E-rate, you look at – let's look at years 2015 and 2016. And in 2015, I think we captured like 7.1% of the projected opportunity. In 2016, we captured another one of – I think it was 8%. So we continue to increase our capture rate. What really slowed it down this year was, USAC went to a new system, if you will. I think it's ironically called, EPC. Just leave it. Got that. And let's just say, EPC didn't perform the way it was supposed to. So therefore, they got behind in sending out the funding letters which it seems like it keeps happening every year. And so, I don't want to forecast when it's going to get to a point where they stay within their targeted guidelines. My guidance to our team is, look, we can't control that. All we can do is focus on being named the highest percentage of times as the partner and then executing against that. But it did impact our netcomm business this year. And – but we do expect it to kind of flush out and to get that growth back next year. But I don't want to get in the business of predicting E-Rate.
Thomas E. Richards: Well, it's interesting. I think in some cases, it's a function of value. And where do they see the greatest value and the opportunity, and I think it's tied to economy, especially in the Corporate segment, right? If you just kind of think about the connective tissue there. When you have GDP for the year was 1.6%, right? You're going to be more cautious about where you spend your dollars, which I think was the insight when we look back at 2016, and we said, why are we doing so well in these warranties and software assurance, I think those two things, Shannon, are linked to what I'll call where am I going to spend my money? As we go into next year, I would expect some of the uplift in some of the solutions area of hardware like we've seen in netcomm. But as I also alluded to, we've had incredible growth, if you think about hyper-converged just as one example of a great growth area, flash, like everybody else is experiencing incredible growth. And we also would expect – we had a pretty good year in our client business, it had a meaningful of double-digit growth, we would expect that to continue going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, this was something that I've been personally thinking about and contemplating for some period of time, and that is if you really think about that marketplace and how they're consuming IT, and what I'll call the economic dynamics of being a Small Business and the value we bring relative to helping them procure IT to facilitate their growth. It struck me as it was kind of separating itself from how we serve and go-to-market with what we'll call the MedLar customer. There is a much greater utilization of online digital resources both on the consultative end and on the purchasing end. And so, what I wanted us to do is to have a group of people who got up every day and have the resources at their disposal, be it a marketing resources, the technical resources and an e-commerce to kind of maximize the opportunity. I think we're going to look at it and measure it pretty much the same way, what their net sales growth, what kind of profitability they're generating and continue to look at what kind of solutions are they delivering in the marketplace. But I firmly believe that having the ability and I gave them kind of the clean sheet of paper focus, when it comes to how do you serve this market? And I'll just give you one thought as we think about this. If you think about people today and how we consume information, it's not just talking to someone live, right? We're consuming it online. We're actually consuming it verbally through devices and artificial intelligence. I think all of that eventually is going to be part of how do you go to market with that segment.
Thomas E. Richards: Sherri, first thing is, we use the term customer spend. That's kind of the way our partners measure how we're doing, so that $1.5 billion is in customer spend. It has the impact of all the netted down aspects I talked about earlier.
Thomas E. Richards: So you got to be careful thinking about that. And then let me kind of go. The second part of the question is most – we don't even count in our cloud spend number private cloud, because to me, private cloud is delivered kind of on-prem primarily via hardware. Now, I know we have some nuances where people are using Azure and thinking about using Azure on top of on-prem equipment. We're not even going to try to be that cute. So, when we're talking about cloud, it's primarily, as you think about it, Public cloud in the form of SaaS or infrastructure-as-a-service. Now, growth is – what we look at is what workloads. That's the thing we pay attention to. And you heard me mention the kind of top – some of the top workloads being security, productivity, backup and disaster recovery, mobility, those are the workloads that we're finding are increasingly going to our cloud-based solutions. I don't know if that helps.
Thomas E. Richards: I would say it's still non-recurring, if that's the way to say it, the majority of it, although much like the example in security, the rate of growth of the recurring is increasing really aggressively.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, Rich, here's what I would say is, it was more of a comment on the MedLar part of Corporate than it was Small Business. And I think, intuitively that kind of make sense, we don't really ever notice the big budget flush in Small Business, I think, in part because of the size and complexity of those organizations and how they're trying to go-to-market. We did see a budget flush, we just didn't see a meaningful budget flush. But as an example, some of that is influenced by the unique submarkets that sit inside of MedLar. A good example is oil and gas, big submarket for MedLar, as you might guess, really struggled as far as having the kind of money available to invest in IT, you're starting to see those people now come back into the fold, have discussions with us about their spending and their expectations for 2017. And they did – we did see some green shoots later in the quarter, which is I think encouraging. But I think the MedLar business is going to be more watching what happens with taxes and immigration and some of those things that more impact their business, which is why I think there's this cautious optimism in MedLar.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. I think it's interesting, Adam. I think the answer is all the above, if I would think about your characteristics. One of the things that led us to really kind of dig in to what's happening is the kind of lumpiness, if you will, one of my favorite term, even in subparts of our business. Like, if you remember last quarter, servers were up 5% and this quarter they're down low-single digits and you start to peel the layer of the onion back and say what's driving that, and what you see is a number of different things. For example, even in a quarter when servers were slightly down in the aggregate, five of our seven segments had server growth. So, just think about that. So, what that tells you is, there is a part of the marketplace that's saying, hey, we still have opportunities for what I'll call traditional servers. Then you couple on top of that hyper-converged doubling year-over-year, right? And you're saying, okay, so some people are clearly sitting back, saying, how am I going to handle growth? Some of it is going to be, I'm going to add virtualization software, expand capacity [audio skip] (57:29) existing asset. When I do that, I'm probably going to invest in protecting the asset with a warranty. Some people were saying, you know what? I'm going to handle it by what I'll call traditional server growth. My sense is, that driven the specific units within their business where they can say we're going to serve that unit with a server. And then some of them are actually saying, hey, I'm actually going to go to a new architecture. So, it gets really hard, I think, unless you dig down into it to really kind of say, there's one thing influencing what's going on, I think it's multiple.
Thomas E. Richards: No, I don't think it's changed. It's kind of like – it's a free-for-all. There're so many people competing in the marketplace. And everybody tries to differentiate what I think is, is that CDW has the ability to have this incredibly unique value proposition that will have the digital capabilities, should customers consume to acquire knowledge, technical support, and even purchase. And supplemented with what I'll call the benefit of having the high touch model, where as those things get more complicated, and that is one of the reasons Adam, let me just use your question to reinforce them. When we say Small Business, we're talking about organizations that generally have more than 20 co-workers up to 250 co-workers. We don't really go below 20, which is where you see a lot of people like Amazon, and part of that's because our value is, as things get more complicated, then we have the ability because of the combination of delivering product and services and solutions from simplifying IT. So, we think we've been fairly thoughtful about where we focus and where we have the greatest value, and now we're just going to enhance the way we do it.
Thomas E. Richards: No. I'd still remain really excited about the long-term growth prospects there. I think you kind of assumed, at least we did, Katy, going into this, that when you have a acquisition of that size that there's going to be rationalization of a lot of things relative to their go-to-market strategy and their product suite. So, it wasn't like it's been a surprise. I also think that as you would expect, that kind of merger is going to have an impact in the year that it happens. As we get further away from that year, I really expect the opportunity even increase going forward.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. I would say they were pretty consistent growth throughout the year, Katy. I mean it did feel like as we got later into the year, and I think people saw the economy wasn't going to be as robust as they thought that you might have had more people saying, you know what, we're going to go ahead and make sure we have this warranty on this or we have software assurance on this, or we're going to add capacity. I don't expect that to change. I think the number of options people have which plays to our benefit quite honestly is going to continue, and I would be surprised if you saw a major deceleration. But again, I'm giving you just my gut reaction. I don't know that I'm smart enough to come up with any additional emerging trends at this point. That's kind of the assessment. I'm really – I'm like the weatherman, I get to give you the assessment after the weather has gone through, so.
Thomas E. Richards: All right, is that it? I think we're done. Okay. Hey, look everybody, two sights here; one is thank you again for your interest in CDW and your questions. They are helpful to us in making sure we are thinking about the right things. And I do want you to know that we scheduled this earnings call exactly one week in advance of Valentine's Day. There is no excuse for not to be remembered, and I want to share with you my new motto on Valentine's Day, we get forgiven if we remember and we get massacred if we don't. All right. Valentine's Day is not an optional sport. Okay. Good luck, everybody.
