Thomas E. Richards: Thank you, James. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you. Joining me in the room today are Ann Ziegler, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Leahy, our Chief Revenue Officer; Collin Kebo, our Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis and CFO-International; and Sari Macrie, our VP-Investor Relations. I'll begin today's call with a brief overview of our results and key drivers. Chris will run through our sales organization's performance, and Ann will take you through a more detailed review of the financials. Then we'll go right to your questions. But before we begin, Sari will present the company's safe harbor disclosure statement.
Thomas E. Richards: Matt, I would say, I don't think it's been a major factor. I think, like me, many of my peers look at it as something we would like to happen, but we're not spending that buck yet. So, I think more so what's happening, Matt, is a general overall increase in confidence about the economy and where it stands going forward. Now I guess you could indirectly relate that to the potential for tax reform, but I think that's more of what we're feeling is just, as I said, a more vibrant economy and people are moving forward with projects, as you heard Chris alluded to.
Thomas E. Richards: I'm going to let Chris take a run at that since she had a lot to do with the success of the international team.
Thomas E. Richards: Well let me talk a little bit about the competitive landscape, and then I'll have Ann give you a little more clarity, Amit. I would say if you look at it, as I said, one of the things to keep in mind, it is amazing how consistent this year looks compared to what we experienced in 2014. In fact, even from a gross margin tracking through the year and that was the time and we had the big hardware refresh of client devices because of the Windows XP expiration. So we are experiencing almost exactly the same thing, and that had one impact. The second thing is, as you heard, we've had this constant increase of what I'll call solution performance as we've marched through the year, and a lot of that has been hardware refreshing of the data center. So just in general, those two things create what I would call the margin pressure. The competitive landscape hasn't changed dramatically through the year. It feels intensely competitive, and in our case, I know we've walked away from deals that just look like they're not worth making the investment of resources because of what the customer feels like they can get in the marketplace. And I love that discipline about us. I'll let Ann add any additional commentary.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. Just a really interesting fact. If you look at the netted down revenue growth, it was as strong, almost literally as strong, this year as last year, and you just heard Ann talk about the fact that the growth was pretty strong in netted down revenues. It just couldn't offset this tidal wave of hardware growth we've had going on in the business.
Thomas E. Richards: So I think, let's break into pieces. So the client refresh, we're into the third or fourth quarter. If you look back, just history repeats itself, in 2014 it kind of was a four-quarter refresh. So I don't have clairvoyance on this, but I would say we probably are in the seventh phase inning, as you guys like to ask about that part of it. I think in hardware side, if you look at the hardware side of solutions, and the one thing I'll say, Amit, is the server solutions business, which includes the software and the warranties, has continued to have a pretty good steady-eddy kind of growth trajectory. I would say if the marketplace and the economic perspective stays as vibrant as it has been, then I think we can expect that hardware refresh to continue. Although again, if I look at 2014, it was amazing that the flip happened sometime into the next year where then the solutions and some of the things Ann talked about, which was the netted down software, seems to then surpass hardware from a growth perspective.
Thomas E. Richards: Let me make sure I understand, Jayson. Are you talking about just the services business generally in the marketplace? Because if you are, I would say that the change of the IT consumption model and how people are preferring to consume IT is continue to provide, if you will, increased services opportunity. You can see that in our cloud business, the success of our cloud business and our, what I'll call, more professional services business. I'm not sure I know if that's the connection though you're making to the economics.
Thomas E. Richards: No. I would tell you, we talk about this a lot. They're doing what we would do if we were in that place, which is as you move through the cycle of products, you continue to shift where you motivate people to spend their time to those products that are new and strategic to your business. And it's incumbent among people like CDW to anticipate where they're headed and then, if you will, go find the cheese. And so we've been pretty good at staying ahead of where they're asking us to go relative to their new capabilities.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah. I'll take a shot at it and then let Chris give you any extra color. I'd say your instincts are right that the client device driven by a combination of the large orders we've been talking about all year and even though you didn't ask, somebody will. So I'll – about 80% of those are now out the door. So we have 20% left. And then I think the federal government Windows 10 mandate really has driven a lot of the activity. But it wasn't just that group that did well. I would say collaboration, services or other areas that did well in the federal government. So it's been really nice balance.
Thomas E. Richards: Matt, I'll tell you, I don't really know what others do. So it makes it hard for me to comment on that aspect of it. I think the one thing that I would tell you is we have a mindset that, look, they're going to change every quarter. They're going to change every period. And that doesn't mean that all these changes are lay-ups. It does mean that you've got to try to stay ahead of them when it comes to where they want you to spend their time. So I don't want to suggest that we aren't experiencing the same changes. I think the word that I tried to use was we've been able to kind of not have a meaningful impact of those changes relative to where we spend our time. And that's part of, I think, the art, if you will, of this is assessing the changes and in assessing where you need to make sure your resources are focused so that you take as much advantage of the changes as you possibly can.
Thomas E. Richards: I'm sorry, Matt. We're going to – let's make sure I'll answer it the way I think you asked the question is, the – on the customer facing, it's about 130, right? And I think Ann alluded to in the aggregate, it's in the 200 range, so.
Thomas E. Richards: The reason I'm laughing is because this pendulum just kind of swings back and forth and back and forth. Here's what I would say, Katy. I think from – if you have the lens on of a customer that they have been pretty consistent as they kind of march down the evolution of the data center. The workloads that lend themselves, as you well know, to public cloud are going there. But I think the success of what I'll call the on-prem response, be it converged infrastructure or hyper-converged, has made the decision even more – needing to be more thoughtful because now you have some on-prem solutions that provide the economics, the flexibility. And in the end, I think the customer wins because they sit there and say, I have the ability to go workload by workload and decide what makes best for us. And I think you saw some of that. If you just look at our overall success in converged and hyper-converged, clearly, you have customers that are excited about that technology. But on the other hand, you heard me talk about how great our cloud growth is going, so I think it's just the pendulum swinging back and forth. I don't know that I'd call it dramatic, Katy.
Thomas E. Richards: Wow. There's a lot in that one. So, I would say if you kind of go back to what's driving the growth. Again, I think it's always important to look at, at least at a company like CDW, the source of the growth. And I'll contrast it with last year where you had a lot of growth in netted-down revenues, software assurance, warranty, where you just have less of a cost of goods sold because you're not buying. And so it creates what I'll call a richer flow through, if I can say it that way. But it does, as we all spent last year talking about why the top line was pressured, it was because of that netted down. This year, you just have kind of, I'll use Chris' word, the confluence of the client refresh, which in general has a lower margin than some of the richer solutions and netted-down services has been driving a lot of the top line. And so that gives you less that kind of drops down through. Now what helps us is then one of the things I love is the beauty of this model where the sales compensation literally follows where the gross profit is, and enables us to make sure we can deliver on our adjusted EBITDA targets going forward, is kind of part of the way this model moves forward as we go through the year.
Thomas E. Richards: I'm going to let Chris kind of walk you through because it is in some ways the tale of two cities. When you think about Education, it's kind of the opposite of what Education was growing like in previous years. So go ahead, Chris.
Thomas E. Richards: Yes, Keith. First, I want to make sure that we don't miss the pretty sustained excellent performance by the state and local part of the Government team. They had another double-digit quarter, and that's kind of become a long history of performance there. And a lot of that was tied to the solutions we've built around public safety and what it's – the value it's adding to state and local, as well as some of the larger contracts that we've been able to capture over the last couple years because of those solutions. So when you're thinking about Government, make sure you're always, at least in CDW's case, thinking about both state and local and federal. And then I'll let Chris give some color on federal.
Thomas E. Richards: Yeah, I am. I mean, if Doug wants to grow 12% every quarter, I'll be satisfied till the cows come home. So that part of it, mission accomplished. I think they're just now kind of evolving their technical support, so we are looking for increased solution performance as we kind of go forward. But like anything for us, our breadth and scale enables us to focus on either products and/or segments and when we get that kind of focus, we generally get good performance.
Thomas E. Richards: We have done multiple scenarios, everything from a soft Brexit to a hard Brexit, each of them has different implications, but at this point I don't know that it's – that there is really anything other than scenario planning, because we've got to wait until get to the details. I will tell you, and I think Chris would share this. We have been not only pleasantly but incredibly surprised by the UK's ability to kind of continue to focus on their customers and meet their needs in light of the Brexit overhang.
Thomas E. Richards: You know, Mark, that's a good question. Let me go back to a little bit of the history of what they did tell us. Part of the discussion was we need you to help us in other parts of the world. And recognizing that it would be hard with a diverse set of customers to match everywhere they wanted us to be, so they said look, over time, you need to be able to get to, I forget the number, north of 70% or something in that range, of the locations. And so then we looked at, well, where is the majority of their spend today and a majority of their spend today is in Western Europe. So that really is what drove looking and finding fortunately what we call CDW UK today. The one thing that was appealing to us about their approach to the market was that while their base business was headquartered in London, they have this hub and spoke approach where they had field sales offices in other parts of the world. And they had these existing third-party relationships, which in essence gives them a distribution channel themselves to extend where customers need us to go. So, Mark, in a long-winded way, I think we have the platform, would be the way I would say it, to meet customer needs today and tomorrow as they increase. Having said that, we're always going to look for are there places across the world that can enhance our performance of that platform. But the platform today is set up to be successful, and we're going to continue to focus on that.
Thomas E. Richards: Thank you. So thank you for asking the second part of the question, because I should've said that in the first part of the answer, which is one of the things that they said to us. And I say this partially tongue-in-cheek was, we love you CDW, but we don't want to love six or seven of you all over the world. So to the degree you can't help us with our international needs as we try to slim down the number of people we deal with, you're going to put your business at risk. So your instinct was right on relative to what they at least shared with us and was one of the motivating factors for us to look aggressively from an international perspective.
Thomas E. Richards: Okay. Look, as always, thank you for your questions and your time this morning. Let me once again thank Ann for her partnership. And I'll leave you with this. For those of you that have been investing in your children's health by eating their Halloween candy, I would say shame on you. And you better get back in the gym because Thanksgiving's coming soon. All right, thanks, everybody. See you.
Christine A. Leahy: Good morning, Matt. I'd say there's a lot of things contributing to the performance of international. As you've heard Tom mention on past calls, some of the programmatic approaches that we've brought to the UK and the prescriptive approaches we've taken have done some good things. Some marketing investments we made to bring the orchestration campaign over there, the success in the referral model. We've done a lot of work around that go-to-market and referral model, and we're seeing great strength there. And then we also have an international team sitting there in the UK working on not just UK work, but also opportunities outside of the UK. So it's really what I call a confluence of events. It's focus on that team, it's the collaboration between the U.S. and the UK team, and just a real focus on what we need to do for our global customers. And I would also say that our partners that we're working with have been very collaborative and cooperative in helping us achieve a seamless experience for our customers as well.
Christine A. Leahy: Yes. Hi, Katy (sic) [Sherri] (51:29). When you look at Education overall, at 6% growth, we had some solid growth led really by Higher Ed in the high teens. But if we look at K through 12, some of the tailwind from the digital testing mandate and the eRate funds, we didn't experience. And we expected that. And so I'd say about K through 12 is we're in a bit of a transition, moving away from digitizing devices. And that's really moving into more of a maintain-and-refresh cycle. And we're moving towards the classroom of the future which, as you know, is a combination of technology and reconfiguring classroom layouts. So we've already seen some nice uplift in collaboration and video, and we'll look to continue to help our K-12 customers on this, I'll call it, a transformational journey to the classroom of the future.
Christine A. Leahy: Yes, on the federal side, we grew mid-teens. We did see some nice growth there. And while we did have some uplift from the DoD Win 10 mandate and also the remaining client devices from last year, we also saw some good strength around the strategic program alignment activities that we had, so I don't want to miss that kind of base activity on the programs that we implemented several years ago. So net-net, I would say, yes, it does feel like we are taking share. We felt the normal budget flush and on the DoD, in terms of timing, I think you asked that, that mandate is for January 31, 2018 right now. That could change, but that's what we know right now.
Christine A. Leahy: Look, this is Chris, and I would say really hard to say. What's happened is it's even more uncertainty, and the uncertainty is continuing regarding insurance coverage and reimbursement. And that's particularly impactful on the larger hospital systems where we have a larger share of the market. So while we have had some success delivering what they are buying, which is client devices, it feels like we just need to hang with these customers until they get better visibility to the income streams, and then we will be preparing to help them with their deeper technology solutions.
Ann E. Ziegler: Yeah. The only additional point I'd make is that last year we saw significant benefit from the "mix" into netted down items. We did not add – if you look at last year's Q, we quantified that at roughly 30 basis points. We did not have that impact this year. So it's the absence of that mix, if you will, which you see when you see our hardware sales accelerate across both the transactional and the solutions business. So that would be the single largest driver, and then you have mixing rate as well.
Ann E. Ziegler: Yeah. I think Tom's number is year-over-year and mine was year-to-date. Mine includes total coworkers, right? Remember, roughly two-thirds of our coworker count is customer facing with the remainder being as we refer to it as backbone. So my number was total. But on the customer facing, as Tom said, roughly where we sit today plus or minus 10%.
Ann E. Ziegler: Yeah. Actually on the inventory, we took some strategic stocking positions in the third quarter in anticipation of price increases across those product categories. So I don't want to be specific on the product categories, but we saw the opportunity and potentially there could be opportunities in Q4 as well.
