Tom Richards: Thank you. Good morning. It's great to be with you today to report another quarter of strong results. Joining me is our CFO, Ann Ziegler; our Chief Legal Officer, Chris Leahy; and our VP of Investor Relations, Sari Macrie. We will follow our usual format where I provide a high-level overview of our performance strategic progress and Ann provides a more detailed review of our financial results. After that we will open it up for some questions. But before we begin, Sari will read the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement.
Tom Richards: So there is kind of three parts to that, Ben. First on the PC refresh. I think we are fairly comfortable that it's going to continue through the end of the year and the comment on the moderation in part is just the number of customers that have already done the refresh. You have got some interesting comps going on for K-12, to say the least, during the second half of the year. But we do, I think to user your term, we do expect PC refresh to continue to be a driver for the remainder of 2014. As far as the server business and for that matter our overall solutions business, we would -- I do think there is a mindshare issue that goes inside of both our sellers and customers when it comes to how many big projects can I take on at one point in time. We are a little bit of encouraged by the end of the second quarter increase in some of our solutions business, including servers and how that started in July. We will see if that remains. But a big wildcard for us I think this second half of year will be what happens with federal. And because, as I have said, we had our first positive growth quarter in a while, we are very excited about that and we are seeing, Ben, some increased, what I will call sales activity in the federal channel. You know quotes, RFPs requested, contract meetings, all of those tend to make you believe we are going to see some uptick and that could influence a lot the second half of the year. But you know as you know, we have had six or seven quarters of tough (indiscernible). So that’s a little bit of a wildcard. In the overall public driver, it is segment specific. So the eRate access or helping customers find and how to use eRate to fund different products and programs. It is part of our vertical expertise, if you will. It kind of demonstrates the vertical strategy. We continue to think that will be something that will be a tailwind for people buying technology. I would tell you that K-12 is the segment that continues to surprise. I have been getting asked how much more of this core curriculum tailwinds do we have and we recently read the statistics somewhere have been -- where it said something like 18% of the school districts are kind of prepared or full prepared and then another 30% or kind of prepared. So to me, my math is that’s 50% that still need help in getting ready for the core curriculum. So we are continuing to look to K-12 to be a growth. And then the last one that makes up the public group or is an important part is healthcare. We had nice returns, so a strong growth. And we do see that continuing for the rest of the year and again the PC refresh will be part of that.
Tom Richards: Okay. So let me start with the second quarter first. You know we typically spend about 0.05%, I think in CapEx spending for the year. I think we are going to be in that range. We have been in the, I think what, $40 million to $50 million range. We are pretty steady eddies when it comes to spending on CapEx. We do have some projects interesting enough, that Ann alluded to, that are important drivers of growth in our cloud business that we will be working on during the second half of the year and delivering. As far as the first question about capacity, I don’t see any capacity constraints. When it comes to expanding our services business and in particular where you would think about that is in our managed services and some of our hosting strategies. And we feel very comfortable we have the capacity to meet whatever demand is going to be in the marketplace. You are instinctively on point, so to speak. We are getting increasing demand from customers to help them think about infrastructure as a service or remote network management, managed services as the hybrid IT blueprint continues to be the prevailing discussion point with most of our customers.
Tom Richards: Not at this point. We still consider the finance and the legal verticals to kind of be in their embryonic stage if I would say it that way. You know we just moved them into the MedLar sales channel, kind of graduating from the pilot phase. And so we will concentrate on those right now and getting those into being full productive sales channels. And then -- that doesn’t mean we aren't thinking about it, but I don’t think I am at a point where I could share anything this specific. But I think another point is, we do continue to subs-segment, as I alluded to. And that is a huge benefit because as you might imagine, even inside of healthcare or finance, your ability to get underneath that segment level and provide unique solutions is a real asset to customers.
Tom Richards: Yes. It's going to be, if you just think about it, just do the 400 to 500 on top of the slightly above 4. But I did allude, the PC refresh continues, Brian, stronger than I think. It could be slightly above the 4 number, which could than push us a little higher than the number you talked about.
Tom Richards: Probably the correct answer is, all of the above that you mentioned. It's a little bit some looking at the math and knowing the overlaps some of those segments have. Some of it is just looking at the rest of the market that has the opportunity to do that. Although I would tell you that, we haven't seen it moderate yet in a meaningful way but your instinct would tell you, by the time you get to the end of the year, you are going to see some moderation in that growth rate.
Tom Richards: Well, I think part of it, Rich, is driven by as certain parts of the IT infrastructure get commoditized. Pricing pressures always becomes the bigger and bigger part of the discussion. And I think -- I don’t know if I could comment on other peoples strategies but I do know that when there is an opportunity in the marketplace and people feel like they need to either maintain their share or protect their share, that pricing tends to be the strategy some people run to. So we have experienced that now for a period of time. I am going to say, it feels like the last 18 or 24 months on the transaction part of the business. Not quite as much on the solutions side but more on the transaction side. And the connective tissue there is, we just expect that part of our business to continue to grow and therefore you are going to continue to see that pricing pressure.
Tom Richards: Well, the answer to your first question is, yes. That’s one of the great benefits of a company like CDW, is the diversity of options. That also is a great operating benefit for us because it enables us to sent a pretty strong message about our ability to consume those devices. And I will tell you, the partners have been very good. I think one of the things that has helped is our ability to give them specific forecast and our confidence level in those forecast. And when you can have that kind of dialogue, it tends to be a pretty good equation.
Tom Richards: I don’t know that I could comment on that. Quite honestly, I really don’t know enough about the back end of the manufacturing process. All I know is, we want to make sure that we have the product for our customers and that’s why we were aggressive in building a stock position.
Tom Richards: Yes. I would say it's a couple of things. One is, you know we have been working on a number of different initiatives that are beginning to kick in. You heard me talk about the geographic realignment in small business. I think a second part of it is, we are anticipating federal will continue to return to growth and we are looking at some other initiatives and some of the things we talked about earlier, the success of our vertical markets. So I think all of those have been part and parcel of why we have experienced the share gain in both existing customers, which I think it's important to keep this to mind, that when we talk about share gain, it's both within share of wallet inside of an existing customer and then acquiring new customers. And as I have, I think mentioned on a couple of these calls, cloud computing and some of the other initiatives that we have implemented in small business have been huge factors in helping us acquire new customers.
Tom Richards: Network was pretty good. It wasn’t anywhere near the client tailwind but the network business has been pretty consistent for us. Within the network business, I think alluded to this in my comments. So wireless networking continues to be a pretty area of strong interest by our customers. I think a lot of that has to do with, they deal with kind of the mobile world, the deal with maybe Ethernet kind of landline restrictions when it comes to capital investment. The wireless part of the network continues to be a growth area.
Tom Richards: Katy, I think the answer is, in some parts of the hardware world, the answer is yes. Like in storage and that implication on storage software. But with more of the cloud-base solutions, they are almost independent growth driver in the business, not necessarily tied to a particular hardware refresh. So we saw, as I think I alluded to, we saw growth across our virtualization practice, our security software practice and obviously our cloud-based solution practice. And I don’t know that those were driven as much by hardware as just independent decisions inside the business.
Tom Richards: Katy, I am so hesitant to give federal expectations based on what we have been through in the last couple of years. I do feel, if you kind of look at happened, civilian really had a strong quarter and DOD started to see the increased activity. That would suggest to you increased momentum. But I think I would careful suggesting we will have a normal, if you can say that word anymore, normal end of the year federal budget flush. But activity would suggest continued growth.
Tom Richards: Well, yes, we did. One of the things we have been working on is the benefit of geographic alignment to the small business team, I tried to call it out in the comments. It now gives us the ability, since our partners are generally aligned geographically, to have the small business team participate in in-market technology, seminars. In-market technology, sales opportunity. That’s a huge benefit for them because it really become the cost effective way to get your message to multiple customers at a single time. When they were not geographically aligned with MedLar, it made it hard for them to take advantage of that. So I don’t want to suggest that just that single initiative drove the improved performance. But it was clearly a contributor in the go to market -- excuse me, the success of the small business.
Tom Richards: Okay. Thank you. Thanks again to everybody for your time today. We are thrilled with the quarter. Obviously, the growth rates and the profitable performance are important parts of what we expect of ourselves. And we are excited about what the second half of the year suggests for us. So as always, if we can help your companies solve some of these technology problems, please let us know. And enjoy the rest of your summer and we will see you in the fall. Thanks, everybody.
Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs: I guess first question. Could you give us a little bit more color on your thoughts around the refinancing strategy, both today's announcement and your thoughts on the future? And I guess related to that, the debt reduction definitively end at three times leverage or with refinancing presumably becoming through the call dates after that, or do you still think you may have some capacity beyond that? That would be my first question. I have a second question after that.
Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And I guess the question I has asked, the second question, was really the question we ask quite often. Which is how to think about your capital allocation strategy after you hit three times leverage. I know you have several options buybacks, dividends, potential for more deleveraging. But how are you thinking about that today given the environment we are in.
Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. And then my final question would be, on how to think about absolute OpEx trends through the back half of the year. You gave a ton of details on the call, I am not sure I got them all but in particular, if you could focus on how we should think about the absolute OpEx trends over the next two quarters and particularly how variable comp effects that given the stronger than expected revenue performance.
Ann Ziegler: Yes. I am not sure I understood the last part of that question but let me. The refinancing strategy is, you know as we approach the early call dates and you begin to look out at where interest rates might move, it just makes sense to take up a piece of the risk off of the table by doing a piece of the refinancing today. So that’s what we did. We will continue to monitor the marketplace and as it makes sense, opportunistically begin to refinance the remainder of the debt that’s outstanding and become callable in April of next year.
Ann Ziegler: Absolutely. So as we have indicated, we will revisited our dividend annually. So that will come up because we are about to anniversary the first dividend we paid. But then on top of that when we get to three times leverage, we will revisit the strategy more globally, looking at potentially a significant step function change in the dividend as well as initiating stock buyback. But all that’s going to depend on the marketplace at the time, tax policy, interest rates etcetera.
Ann Ziegler: Yes. I think the best way to think about it is, that we expect our OpEx to grow, or adjusted SG&A to grow more in line with sales for the second half of the year as we continue to add coworkers through the year that OpEx growth, and we also have some initiatives that were simply funded or some funds to be invested in second half of the year. So as you think about the second half, you would expect OpEx adjusted SG&A to grow more in line with top line growth.
Ann Ziegler: Yes. I think you have it right conceptually. I mean we don’t provide that specific level of guidance. We certainly expect to hit our medium term target in the mid-7% range on a full year basis. I want to be clear, we don’t expect to hold the margin at the 8% range. We delivered this quarter with OpEx growing more in line with sales in the back half of the year. Right. It's certainly going to be lower than it was in Q2. And in Q4 in particular, because of some of the overlaps, we expect to be below the medium term annual target.
