Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks for the question, Brandon. Adding some color to our carefully prepared remarks. We will good about our position, you're asking about our position in that global market. The supply demand variables that I talked about, Targa is well positioned for Gulf Coast propane and butane supply. And we think that Targa and a very few others, well positioned in that market, are well positioned for the global economy. You will see in our investor presentation that over the last 12 months, three quarters of our LPGs are going to Latin America, South America and the Caribbean. That's driven by factors different than some of the variables that people spend a lot of time looking at. We feel good about that for the near-term and the longer term, forget about our position of Mont Belvieu related LPGs and our natural share of that.
Joe Bob Perkins: It's a dynamic market. We said publicly in the last call that spot rates were certainly lower than the spot post rates enjoyed couple of years ago. I think other people on recent calls have made the same comment but they are not unattractive and the product, services, flexibility that we're providing our have continued interest or sport but also can turn you interest for term contracting.
Joe Bob Perkins: With the $1 billion proceeds we received, it just made sense for us to go out and repurchase our notes, that's more attractive than just paying down revolver and we ran out of revolver capacity. So, it made sense for us to do that. We also had the $1.1 billion maturity out there in January 2018, so we wanted to just begin repaying that to reduce that size down. We've started doing that really late last year through the first quarter and we've actually continued doing some of that in April this year, too. We've repaid and you'll see it in the press release, repurchased another $96 million post-quarter end of those notes and the balance on that $1.1 billion is now about $840 million. So we feel good about where we are.
Joe Bob Perkins: It is a good question brand and I obviously felt better about the forward curve today than we did two months ago. It is a - and it really was just two months ago. We had our last earnings call. That always surprises me in the first part of the year. Customers are looking at those forward curves. They know their economics very well. It wouldn't surprise me if this is being mocked in per customers for future drilling. That happened about maybe two months later this time last year and I shouldn't be speaking for those producers, but we've tried to stay in very close contact with them. You asked about where there may be more upside based on today's forward curve and I would add - or based on some positive movement of the forward curve in the near future? Yes, Permian Basin has some very sweet spots in it and we are across some of those sweet spots. Probably it would see the most activity increase around the West Texas system as well as further west around Versado, that core Delaware. It's a sweet spot. Secondly, you pointed to the Badlands? Makes a significant difference. If you can get that forward curve, we're a little bit better and how they'll feel about their activity; and then I guess I would go to the scoop. Across that spectrum, there are several places where there are some drilled and uncompleted wells which we may benefit from and additionally, what I like is how producers right now are high-grading into drilling dollars. Drilling close to their own assets which means close to ire's. Upside can come without a whole lot of capital expenditures if it follows the pattern we would expect it to.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think it's a question of when, not if you get price recovery. Did pretty bad on the winds in my career. All of the factors that are well-discussed, we agree with, we try to model as well. You described towards the end of the year? I don't know the timing. It could be then. It certainly has to occur sometime after them, it's just that they're not dynamics of supply and demand and the help that we'll get from exports.
Joe Bob Perkins: I hear you, TJ. It has been a pretty good movement in the last two months on commodity prices and our equity price on improved cost to capital. We're taking a longer term view on our cost to capital. We took that long return view and we preferred. Our project development continues in not just projects that we talked about in the past. I did say and I said it intentionally because I'm proud of the efforts. Across our business areas, call them small projects and larger projects. Not [ph] will be up there on that Nelson project page. Our businesses are working that pipeline. They're working it based on leveraging our asset position, leveraging the strong position we have relative to our financial ability to execute, but also demanding attractive returns. It's just necessary. Because of the uncertainties, we want to make sure that we're getting large bang for our buck and that it has attractive spread over a longer term view of cost to capital that includes the fact that we put billion dollars on our balance sheet of that prefer. The good news is, those projects and opportunities exist. It's kind of a timing issue, customer uncertainties et cetera, but we're working on the pipeline.
Joe Bob Perkins: Certainly. Actually the reason for putting the comment out there is we've gotten the question so many times. I wanted to clarify the facts. We don't have it in investor presentations and certainly don't like much about it because it's not a big material portion of our business, but it is an important part of our relationship with CPC. That relationship is a one-company relationship right now. They have some assets, we have some assets that support that ethylene business. We did want to clarify that we don't have a project currently planned. Your question is would we ever consider it? We consider everything.
Joe Bob Perkins: Sure. First of all, the coming a little sooner is a specific shout out to the, congratulations, I'm giving all our employees for execution. We got it done sooner than we thought we're going to. Congratulations to that team, but there are many efforts like that going on. Getting that done sooner brought the volumes to us sooner. Sanchez continues to be very, very good a drilling and completing those wells and we expect additional volumes. I do understand that the has ruled over for others and it's not really a growth picture for others, but as we announced when we announced the project, that that does kind of make the tie for Targa better in South Texas. It doesn't fix, but stand alone, it's very attractive. Stand alone, it makes the system better with a plant on the west and a plant on the east, and we're already flowing all the way from the west to the east now with Sanchez' volumes. That's all a good thing for the long term.
Joe Bob Perkins: Faisel, I don't have an announced long term goal for the dividend covered ratio right now. Probably the best way to think about target is how we behaved in the past and that we're working very hard to think about the future. I like our track record, I like the current covered ratio and we're going to try to be thoughtful and continue to analyze what other companies are doing, what the investment community is saying and reflecting and what's going on with our customers.
Joe Bob Perkins: No. I believe either in the Q&A on the last earnings call, I just reflected the color that while counter-parties were interested at needs for a long-term LPGs two months ago, it appeared that they were waiting to figure out what was going to happen with shipping rates and shipping rates have been on a pretty significant trend. Depending on what shipping rates you're looking at, that trend may have bottomed out. I don't want to pretend to be the expert on that, but it may have bottomed out. With that, hey, if we're not at the bottom, we're close to the bottom, or we bottomed out sentiment coming from our contacts in the industry from existing and potential new customers, we've seen an increased interest to go ahead and do term deals again. They didn't want to do that when they weren't prepared to do the term shipping deals. Don't mean to overstate that, but it is different today than it was two months ago - in dialog, in interest, in pace.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think that also came out of - we're not in the Alerian Index anymore - I pointed to the Alerian Index even though we're not in it. We are a seacorp, we have tools to take care of our balance sheet and we want to take care of our balance sheet. However, seacorp doesn't pay any taxes which makes a real difference for our investors. You heard Matt's comments about what that return of capital treatment would look like for 2017. All of that factors into what we're trying to deliver to our investors and how we're trying to deliver it. That's the color around my statement.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, targets are give or take 75-ish percent or so year one, 50% year two and then 25-ish percent year 3 and then there are ranges around those. We did add some hedges here recently. We're still well under those targets so as we're adding some hedges, we're not yet going out and adding to try and catch up to get to those target levels or exceed them, but adding those hedges are really more kind of keeping up with those targets to we don't fall further behind. That really relates to the hedges that we put in place, so over really the fourth and the first quarter.
Joe Bob Perkins: To add onto too, the hedges we've had been primarily on them say, I'm on a natural gas side of thing. For NGOs, you're going to see we're still well under our targets.
Joe Bob Perkins: Sure. It is our option to settle those warranty there in cash or net settle them in shares. So it is our option. They cannot be exercised for six months, so there are still some time before those could even be exercised. Good question on when they'll be exercised. Those are seven year warrants, so it will be up to those individual holders whether they decide they want to go ahead and exercise, or if they want to keep the time value. Good question, but we can always net settle in shares, so if we didn't want to pay cash, we didn't want to add leverage to the balance sheet, we could just net settle it.
Joe Bob Perkins: It has only been a couple of months since I commented. I don't think it has changed a lot today versus a couple of months ago. We will still look. Just as we're being very disciplined around the organic projects, one business area at a time, making sure we get attractive returns and the way we do that, it's leveraging our assets, leveraging our position an acquisition that would really get on our radar scope, we'd need to look the same way. Leveraging our assets, leveraging our position. We're spending almost no time looking at the opportunity to increase foot prints. It's just not that time for us right now.
Joe Bob Perkins: It has been a short history, but it hasn't been very sensitive based on U.S. pricing today. It's a demand that needs to be met, it's being met from obviously a very close source of supply and not that we are transacting with the customers in those markets, but it's our sense from our customers that that's based on U.S. LPG pricing. That removes some of that sensitivity. That's probably not the best color I have to and we certainly will see over the next year or two what that's going to be because we've had prices move all over the place, all over tax. We were still shipping. Our percentage share increased over the last 12 months in the price environment that you saw. We feel good about it, we feel good about our position and our mix of existing customers and the opportunity with potential new customers.
Joe Bob Perkins: The competition we feel the most are the ones who have been there for a while. That competition should sort of become a natural market share around the butane and propane that float through the systems facility further away trying to get propane or butanes from Mont Belvieu. It's not particularly advantage for doing that, so I probably don't worry about that competition this much and we try to be very competitive and pretty discreet on how we're working with our customers and potential customers here in this market.
Joe Bob Perkins: That's a combination of all those things. It's a reduced volume that's flowing in from our volumes and others but there were some contract roll off late in 2015 which when you look, I kind of see in sequential quarter-to-quarter, we'll see some difference from Q4 to Q1 happen in the fourth quarter.
Joe Bob Perkins: It's largely for our own needs and we haven't described how much it would be for third parties. Into some extent, I recognized that it's not one train at a time even though we can contract it that way. We had volumes in Louisiana that needed to be at Mount Belleview, not in Louisiana that will be back in train 5 for example. I think that's all of the specifics we provided. But we've got them some space at Train5 if anyone is interested in contacting at the right term.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, I would say that first of all look at our history over multiple year with that facility. When we acquired it, we thought of Galena Park as an import facility doing a little bit of export of ethylene. We're economic animals and we will try to respond to the needs of the market. Ethylene is an interesting equation, gotten a lot smarter over it recently trying to answer people's questions and that will be driven by the PC Chem customers linked in that ethylene market in this area and how long that's likely to continue. Are we purposing our facilities? It's really a way to describe it because we would not have to cannibalize any of our existing facilities. We've got ways of getting a little bit more out of this, that and the other piece of equipment, and if we need one or two increase ethylene, would do so without repurposing. We could move more ethylene from that dock for example. We might add some refrigeration for ethylene so that it didn't get in the way of propane or butane loading. Before we would repurpose anything, we want to make an additive.
Joe Bob Perkins: That's not saying I'm doing a project, didn't mean to imply that, but if CPC has a need, we're going to try to fill it and if another counter-party believes that we can effectively service our ethylene needs, we may do that.
Joe Bob Perkins: Sometimes when I'm working on prepared remarks, I can be unclear. I was not trying to say opposition, I was just trying to get the facts out there for people.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think I got that. We want to have a lot of liquidity in this environment, in an uncertain environment. Whether or not the capital markets with a high-yield markets are open and shut, in the last six months I've got pretty much close and now they're pretty open. So we want to operate with a lot of liquidity. We don't necessarily think of that liquidity as a just usage to go out and buy things necessarily with it. We are focused on keeping liquidity and were also focused on a leverage ratio. So we want to keep our leverage ratio as strong as possible in this environment. So I view having that liquidity as providing additional flexibilities for CapEx and timing of when we raise additional capital but also for refinancing and taking care of our other debt obligations.
Joe Bob Perkins: There is some all use the term seasonality broadly. Not every month is the same. Based on our short history of exports so I understand what you are saying. With our published LTM will show that it is 75% Latin America Caribbean and South America for Targa now. We believe that there is sufficient business for that 75%. That's why a quarter inch year attractively. And the 25% is also attractive. I mean people are looking at this over the long term and I just over the short term. That 75% share I'm reminded has been sued benefit from the Panama Canal which the sooner decide closer and closer you get to their best estimate of when it's supposed to be complete the less they will be wrong about it. But it will soon be open. And it will make a difference or at least some of our customers believe it will make a difference. We like our position to that market. And we like the mix.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think I know what you are referring to. Part of the margin was impacted by planning opportunities because you have less volume a different planning opportunities coming off the frac's. Less planning opportunities hit us to but it doesn't impact the front and volume going through the frac, just the profitability coming out of the frac.
Joe Bob Perkins: Our modeling has quantified that impact under multiple scenarios and I'm not going to provide a public a number of that plus I just don't know what the right inputs are at this point.
Joe Bob Perkins: We think that is pretty much upside, there may be some small NBC makeups but I think it would pretty much be upside to our volumes if we were to start recovering more and having more ethane going through our fractionators.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you, operator. If anyone has follow-up questions, please feel free to contact Chris, Jen, Matt or any of us. We appreciate your interest this Friday.
Matthew Meloy: And you asked for policy. I don't mind describing thinking because it's not a policy. Those are targets and goals we've had for a long time. The hedge committee of our board and a management are on the same page and that we do believe there's more upside than downside on most of the commodities that we had and do not see us trying to catch up while that's still the case. Keeping up is productive and that's our current thinking. That thinking could change, but we don't think about it differently than we thought about it over the entire history of Targa and we've got some experienced people helping the management team experience just to stay disciplined - watch it, track it, discuss it at least once a quarter.
Matthew Meloy: The commodity price changes, we'll have that in our updated investor presentation, but I actually don't think it was changed from our last. I think it's a five - we the $0.05 NGL move, I think is about $25 million of EBITDA, but it will be in our investor presentation like for crude gas and NGLs.
Matthew Meloy: Yes, and we did update it. And then for EBITDA guidance, we have not provided or updated 2016 EBITDA guidance other than what was - just previous EBITDA numbers that are out there, forecast information that's out there. So we have not provided new EBITDA guidance on its own.
Matthew Meloy: The maintenance CapEx - as you go back and look, it could be pretty lumpy. Q1 does seem to be a bit lower than the other quarters and you look last year it was relatively, I think, low, too. I think 110 for the year is still a pretty good number. Could we come in a little bit lower? Sure, but I think it's still probably a decent number.
Matthew Meloy: Yes, the G&A has moved around a little bit over the last couple of quarters. Fourth quarter of last year it was kind of a catch-up for the remainder of the year relatively low. This quarter's DNA is a better kind of indication of closer to a run rate number so I would focus more on the Q1 kind of G&A number than it would look at necessarily a fourth quarter.
Matthew Meloy: I know by saying this I'm going to be asked more and more for details the numbers on it but I'm not going to give them. We have improved our ability to operate that facility since we last put numbers out with creative and operationally experienced solutions to the bottleneck. Second ago we talked about the ability to continue to utilize our facilities without having to make choices about repurpose and something. And we will keep doing that. If there is additional demand for our assets we are to figure out how to squeeze more out of our assets. When I say we should take me out of the equation. It's a bunch of talented engineers and operations folks. But I'm proud of that and I know that we will continue to get benefits from that kind of work.
Matthew Meloy: Those are examples of it. We also said we could do an ethylene project without really cannibalizing will be party doing or do in the future. We've got an ethane project that we could add to the facility without cannibalizing or reducing what we think we could do in the future on propane and butane's. So it's a very good facility and we try to think about the future for it.
Matthew Meloy: We go in and out of recovery of those facilities based on economic benefit and some of our contractual requirements downstream in the facility. So you will see variation in those volumes throughout different quarters because of the contractual structure that we have at those facilities.
Matthew Meloy: No, nothing has changed as far as the gas quality coming into the plants. It will - the way the contracts work it will be intermittent. It won't be throughout the quarters. We will have periods will we will have higher recovery that during other periods.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, thanks. What are your competitors reported kind of attractive levels of LPG export volumes going to Asia. I know with your mix of Latin America South American gradient is a decent amount of seasonality. Are you seeing within that pretty percent other part of the world enough incremental volumes driven - given the shipping prices right now to offset some of the seasonality.
Unidentified Analyst: So if your nameplate Desha looking at the Q4 presentations on the website. 9 million barrels a month excuse me in operating 6.5 to 7. At what point given that the rest of the world given some long-term contracting do you have to evaluate the potential expansion.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. And then the fascination volumes, I know another better talk about decline had been at least for them have been impacted by planning opportunities. I assume you guys have seen the same thing. At what point the commodity price spectrum that this opportunities return to market.
