Scott Pryor: Thanks, Pat. Our second quarter results in the Downstream segment were consistent with our expectations that seasonality in some business areas would result in quarterly operating margin being the lowest for the year. As we look forward into the second half of 2017 and beyond, I want to reiterate Joe Bob’s statement, that there is upside potential in some of our key Downstream areas. Our sequential increase in fractionation volumes was largely driven by higher field G&P inlet volumes, which we expect to continue, resulting in increasing NGL volumes downstream. Ethane extraction is expected to increase, and over time this will drive higher fractionation volumes for Targa, and needed supply to feed a growing petrochemical demand. By the end of 2017 we expect an increase of 150,000 barrels per day of new ethane demand, driven by new ethylene crackers coming online along the U.S. Gulf Coast and, in 2018, another 300,000 barrels per day of new ethane demand from additional new ethylene crackers coming online. Importantly, the vast majority of announced ethylene cracker expansions and new builds that should be online by 2020 are located along the Gulf Coast. These facilities will not only increase the demand for purity products around our fractionation assets to use as feedstock, but will also draw Y-grade volumes to Mont Belvieu, also benefiting our Downstream Business. We continue to add or expand connections to existing, expanding and new petrochemical crackers, leveraging our premier NGL hub location to increase our access to growing demand. As mentioned earlier, we moved a reduced amount of short-term LPG export volumes in the second quarter and received fees from two vessel cancellations. Global LPG market dynamics for the second quarter were similar to second quarter 2016, when we also experienced lower demand after coming off a period of higher demand in the fourth and first quarters of 2016. We loaded 4.7 million barrels per month of LPGs for the quarter, which was consistent with the assumption made in June when we provided additional financial expectations for 2017 and beyond. As we think about the balance of 2017 and our published outlook for adjusted EBITDA through 2021, let me reiterate that for those published perspectives we will -- we are assuming no short-term LPG exports over the forecasted period. It is my expectation, however, that we will significantly outperform those export assumptions over the outlook period, as the team continues to work very hard globally to add incremental short- and long-term contracts to our portfolio. Looking forward, our outlook for LPG export business is unchanged given our substantial long-term contract position and favorable long-term global fundamentals for U.S. LPG exports, driven by continued global demand growth and the U.S.’s position as the likely supplier to feed that demand growth. Finally, the addition of Grand Prix really is a game-changer for our Downstream Business. Even as one of the largest daily shippers of NGLs out of the Permian Basin, we have historically had to pay third parties to move those volumes on our behalf. Grand Prix removes that leakage, provides fee-based cash flow and fully integrates Targa’s G&P assets with our downstream footprint, which further enhances our competitive capabilities to move volumes from the wellhead through the entire NGL value chain. The volumes that Targa manages at the tailgate of our current and future processing plants are substantial, and we have also secured third party commitments on Grand Prix that will result in incremental volumes on day 1 of operations in the second quarter of 2019. There are tremendous demand growth drivers on the U.S. Gulf Coast from export facilities moving products to global markets and petrochemical crackers which will create additional demand for liquids production upstream of Grand Prix. As the expected volumes flowing through Grand Prix increase over time, we expect significant fee-based cash flow from the asset, which ultimately should drive returns for the project to between 5 to 7x CapEx as a multiple of EBITDA, and potentially lower, depending on continued commercial success and pace of volume growth. Overall, the outlook for Targa’s Downstream Business remains highly robust, driven by the continued integration with our growing G&P business and the flow of NGLs to our strong asset position along the U.S. Gulf Coast. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Joe Bob.
Scott Pryor: Yes, Charlie. We indicated both in our prepared remarks and discussions that we’ve had even at investor conference, that we saw during the second quarter two cancellations, and we did receive cancellation fees for those. Looking forward, at this point we’re not seeing cancellations. But again, time will tell relative to the overall global fundamentals that we see out there going forward. I would suggest to you that our belief is, when we look at the second quarter, it was very similar to what we saw in the second quarter of 2016. Somewhat of a trough in relative sense, when you look at the balance of the year. So again, with demand growing across the globe, production increases in the U.S. and the U.S. being really the preeminent supplier for incremental volume growth across the globe, we will be the supplier of that as a U.S. industry, and Targa sits well to benefit from that as well.
Scott Pryor: Yes. I guess I would say we expect meaningful CapEx in 2018, and you’re right, from the -- Grand Prix will obviously be the largest piece of that. We do expect a meaningful amount of CapEx in the Permian, both the Delaware and the Midland, for that other infrastructure -- gathering lines, compression and the like. The largest chunk of that increase you saw for the Permian infrastructure this year was related largely to the acquired assets, and that’s more of a shift in timing rather than an increase in total expected spend. So we ran through and -- we go over our CapEx plans monthly and we’re seeing we’re getting some more of the work done this year that we were originally anticipating getting done in ‘18 and even some of it into ‘19. So you’re seeing a shift of that capital into 2017. So related to the infrastructure buildout for the new Permian assets, I’d say the lion’s share of that is going to be now shifted into ‘17 and it’ll be lower in 2018 and ‘19.
Scott Pryor: Lion’s share of the change. And -- but we’re still going to have a significant amount of spending related to just our existing infrastructure on compression and gathering. We haven’t given that guidance yet. I guess all I’d say, to kind of preview that is I would expect it to be significant, and we’re still working through what we think that amount’s going to be.
Scott Pryor: Our -- this is Scott, Chris. The -- our cancellation fees are different on each contract that we have across our portfolio. So giving you a sense of how all that breaks down would not be possible. We obviously know what this means and we are collecting for that [indiscernible]. When you look at it, the way you need to look at it is from the perspective of, we do not have any expense if we do not load the product itself. So operational expense is associated with that. With that said, and more from a positive perspective is, when we do receive a cancellation for a cargo and we collect that fee, obviously our team is working very hard to fill that void that might be in our schedule, whether it is a large vessel or a small vessel, in order to optimize the facility.
Scott Pryor: Yes. Timm, this is Scott. First off, we have, as we’ve described it before, a very diverse comp contract portfolio today, which is inclusive of waterborne traders, end users both in Latin America, South America, Europe and the Asian marketplace. So we are in contact, in discussions, with customers across the globe today and have contracts in place to supply those various markets. So we’re a part of that today. Clearly, we’ve stated in previous discussions and earnings calls that our supply is predominantly moving to the Americas today, but the growth is in Asia. It is in places like India as well. And whether it’s through direct contracts with those customers or with our contracts that we have with waterborne traders, we would anticipate in the future an ever-growing amount of our supply moving to markets such as that. So those are all good stories. The fundamentals are shaping up very strongly. And again, when you look at the availability of supply in markets outside of the U.S., they are not growing very much, whereas the U.S. does have a tremendous story of growth, and as the global demand increases, more and more of that supply will move to those markets -- India and other places.
Scott Pryor: I would say that we probably saw more impact of the market during the first quarter of 2017. There may be -- you may have seen a little bit of an oversupply product on the water as we rolled into the second quarter, which likely could have impacted some of the availability of spot volumes coming out of the U.S. Those cuts, they’re obviously hard to track, but I think that the Middle East suppliers have been more conservative in what they’ve been willing to contract as a result of the announced cuts. But at the same time, as they exceed those production levels over and above what they have contracted, those volumes are on the market as a spot coming out of the Middle East. They would be pointed toward predominantly a Far East-type-related market and/or an India growth story.
Scott Pryor: We’ve described getting to that five to seven time over time. In 2019, we expected to come online, second quarter. So we’re going to get partial year credit in 2019, and we do expect to ramp from there. So we’re not going to get specific on volume ramp at this point, and when we see getting to five to seven time. We just say, over our forecast period, we see getting to five to seven, and even potentially under that.
Scott Pryor: So we have significant gross NGL production out of the Permian. I’m looking at for Q2 is give or take 155,000 barrels. We expect that to grow with the addition of our additional processing facilities. However, a lot of that existing production, we do have contracts with existing pipelines in that region. Some of them are longer. Some of them are rolling off, and some we can move under shorter term, move in the near term. So it’s a balance. So I wouldn’t just take the total gross NGL production and assume we can move it all on Grand Prix. But then we’ll have the addition of growing volumes plus third party volumes available for Grand Prix.
Scott Pryor: Yes. So when you look at the operating expense for the logistic -- quarter to quarter, so versus the first quarter, the total operating expense was actually a bit lower. When you look at it compared to last year, there’s a couple of drivers. One, the CBF Train 5 was online full quarter this year, and it was starting up about this time last year. And there’s also the variable component in our Downstream Business, and we saw higher commodity prices in the second quarter of this year versus the second quarter of last year.
Scott Pryor: Yes. As I mentioned in the scripted comments, the Badlands volumes -- they grew second quarter to first quarter of this year, but we’ve seen a relatively large uptick here in July. So with the growth number I gave you, that kind of puts it in the 65 million to 67 million a day at the end of July for the Badlands volume, so it’s up significantly. We still have some additional capacity there. But looking out, with our 90 million a day, that’s something that would have to be considered given the activity that we’re seeing up there. Thank you.
Scott Pryor: So when we looked at -- we did have some additional recovery going out in that forecast. But even in that forecast, we did not assume 100% at all of our plants over the entire forecast period. Our assumption -- it moved up over time. But -- so it was a piece of it, but it wasn’t the primary driver of that growth.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks, Scott. While our second quarter financial performance is expected to be the lowest quarter for the current year, we are confident in the continued second half 2017 acceleration in Permian volume growth complemented by increasing supply being directed to our Downstream businesses. We are on track to meet or exceed our full year 2017 operational and financial expectations and, importantly, are very well positioned for the longer term. I hope you made note of the July volumes updated by Matt. They’re providing significant growth from Q2 averages. Those impressive volumes certainly validate our expectations for the second half and how well we feel we are positioned for the longer term. Our longer-term outlook beyond 2017 continues to strengthen as our visibility around volumes and projects supports our expectation for significant margin expansion for our G&P segment in 2018 and beyond, and that is complemented by the addition of the Grand Prix NGL pipeline and by other opportunities in our Downstream Business. Our strong liquidity position and demonstrated access to the capital markets positions us well as we execute on our projects underway. Our commitment to maintaining the strength of our balance sheet to preserve Targa’s financial flexibility remains steadfast, as evidenced by the equity that we raised during the second quarter. Our team at Targa remains focused on continuing to execute on our strategic objectives, and we are excited about Targa’s strong long-term outlook. Thank you for your patience. There’s a lot going on and a lot that we wanted to update you about. So with that, operator, please open the line to questions.
Joe Bob Perkins: Higher GOR, I believe has been mentioned -- in the Permian, has been mentioned in our prior calls. It’s a trend we see really across both the Midland and our presence in the Delaware. And I won’t try to further describe Pioneer’s comments. We work closely with them and are aware of those trends. We are trying primarily to help with the gas and that higher GOR, which was described in their call, has already been worked into our expectations. Now we aren’t exactly precise and sometimes get surprised by upsides on GOR and numbers of wells, but it’s certainly within our outlook tolerance and conservatism.
Joe Bob Perkins: On the first part of that, we described the positive response to the announcement, though people in the industry were beginning to suspect that we had that project underway. And yes, we have added commitments since that announcement. We obviously were having those discussions beforehand. It’s now a real project. Secondly, in reference to potential ventures or agreements that would enhance it, there are a number of kinds. You picked on a couple of them. And we are interested in opportunities that improve our economics while retaining the strategic benefits of a Targa line. And if we meet those criteria, you could do either of those two, both of those two or something else. Economics and strategic benefit is what our criteria are.
Joe Bob Perkins: I’m going to answer the very last part first and then come back to your first part, T.J. Vessel availability on any export product is sort of a come and go. They can build them pretty quickly. And some of the vessels that used to be used for ethylene are being used for propane. But over a medium time frame, vessels can be added. Relative to our interest, we are the only export facility in the U.S. Gulf Coast right now with our partner CPC -- our very good partner CPC.  I might interpret that the announcement by Enterprise was saying they’re interested also, and we’re probably talking to many of the same potential customers. If we were doing a press release, I think that Mark Lashier and I would say that if we had sufficient contractual backing to justify additional investment -- which would be incremental for us, because we already have 1 additional investment -- we would probably go forward with such a project as well. And our teams are working on it.
Joe Bob Perkins: This is Joe Bob. I think it’s a reasonable read through to say the Outrigger -- I said that on the call; I was trying not to. The recent Permian Basin acquisition, while a little bit lower, was already embedded in our previous guidance. Which means everything else is doing a little bit better. And then Matt says that after ‘17 we feel better about the acquisition. That’s all positive relative to our initial discussions at the beginning of the year.
Joe Bob Perkins: No. This call is not the call for providing more detail for my good customer and partner, Pioneer. I did say that GOR across the whole basin was a part of our broad outlook, and we had not provided any specific discussions about the Pioneer volumes. So I don’t really have more detail to add to that other than Pioneer has a terrific performance. And Pat’s showing me he wants to say something else about it.
Joe Bob Perkins: We typically use recent historical -- and I think that was even in our script, recent historical type curves, which for the most part get better and better for Targa over time.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think that if you went back to our -- the prior discussions, we’ve said we see limiting factors -- multiple limiting factors across the Permian Basin, relative to some of the more bullish projections. We talked about staffing for drilling rigs, completion rigs, pumping units. We talked about availability of equipment. I think we’ve described that it wasn’t too long ago, you couldn’t even get a high-pressure, long-lateral walking rig in the Permian. They were all done. So we’re trying to use realistic -- hate to use the word conservative, but informed, because we’re there all the time -- estimates about what sort of activity levels we believe will occur, not month by month and quarter by quarter, but over that multi-year outlook that we’re providing. We’re not getting carried with what those activity levels, completion rigs, pumping unit availability, sand constraints, water constraints might do to impact it to the downside, but we’re also definitely not getting carried away on them all being solved at one time.
Joe Bob Perkins: I understand the desire to have more detail than we put in our scripted remarks, and we also described how we were approaching the pipeline when we first announced it. Market share initially of Targa volumes on the pipe is not something we’ve provided. I believe what we’ve said is, you’ve got attractive returns well below the initial capacity of 300,000 barrels per day, and that additional third party volumes and Targa’s continued growth would increase from our -- what we said were significant volumes, day 1, from Targa-managed volumes and new plants. It’s not ready for a while. And then, as terms of factors like operatorship, et cetera, we said that we wanted to retain strategic benefits, and I don’t really want to describe the elements underneath those strategic benefits. Just kind of broadly summed up of, own it instead of rent it, and then be able to put it into the value chain under our control.
Joe Bob Perkins: You hit a lot of very interesting factors, and each one is difficult to quantify individually. We are working with our trends. Like Pat said a little while ago, really kind of using our rear-view mirror. It’s not the deep rear-view mirror, but recent GORs, recent type curves, in those outlooks. Part of our confidence is, in total, those factors you mentioned relative to when we did the outlook or recognized that we worked on that outlook well before we sort of presented it in June. Yes, our expectations keep going up on almost all factors. And that’s -- we never got to the point of saying exactly how many wells in the Permian. You’re going to see some little ups and downs, and a producer will use a price drop to let go of rigs and then bring them back on. We believe that we had a view of that for multiple years. So I’m not going to try to describe any 1 factor, but it’s hard for me to think of a factor right now that would be a negative to me feeling better about our long-term outlook.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. I think you just -- you kind of just answered it. It’s a pretty significant impact on our frack volumes over time as we follow that outlook. As -- we joked in preparation for this call that you all could probably draw the curve we’ve got driven for the second half. Don’t be drawing it by month. But we’re on track, and we’re going to meet or exceed our previous expectations. And that has a nice downstream benefit. Scott’s smiling.
Joe Bob Perkins: And Charlie, I haven’t found anyone who wants to take my bet on the over-under of zero exports in our long-term outlook. If you can find someone who wants those bets, I’ve got reserves.
Joe Bob Perkins: And you asked about age of assets. The bulk of that portfolio -- I couldn’t give you a percentage right now -- is fairly new.
Joe Bob Perkins: And we’ve got a recorded history of them being able to operate above nameplate for short periods of time.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. There will be a bit of an open season at an appropriate time for a portion of the capacity on the pipe.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. So what we included in the release, it is primarily a Permian pipeline, but we did say that we do plan to reach up into North Texas to connect to our North Texas assets. So that still is the scope of Grand Prix. But the lion’s share of the volumes that we would expect for the Grand Prix project we’ve announced so far is coming from the Permian.
Joe Bob Perkins: We almost never describe the contractual terms of our customer contracts. What I would say is, it was an attractive acquisition for Targa. We’ve got a -- now, a new spare plant. Not new, but it’s a state-of-the-art spare plant that has operated and operated well. And those volumes were immediately integrated back to our Silver Oak facilities and are being processed there now. Customers don’t want me to describe those contractual terms and we just don’t do it for competitive reasons as well. But we did contrast it with volumes that sort of came in and out in a prior reported period as lower-margin IT contracts and that’s not what we acquired with the plant.
Joe Bob Perkins: It’s a terrific machine that we’re building. It will take condensate and crude and split it to valuable byproducts. Our byproducts -- valuable products. The contractual arrange with Noble -- I’m not describing anything different than you all read in the papers, and you know they’re taking measures of selling off certain businesses, and that helps the other businesses stay in place. You said, "If they go bankrupt." I’ve had a couple of people advise me, don’t anticipate getting your hands on -- it’s our asset -- getting your hands on that asset earlier than the multi-year term of the contract, because it’s valuable. And they -- any bankruptcy could probably figure out a way to finance that so as not to lose the ability to use it. Yes. If that were not the case, then we will either lease it out to someone else or commercialize it ourselves. I don’t anticipate that, even under a bankruptcy situation. I think that the asset -- their asset, the contract, would be maintained, they would continue to pay us and they would reap the rewards of continuing to pay us.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think another way of describing it is consistent with multiple elements of the forecast outlook. We were providing line of sight, not trying to crowd the assumptions, relative to an outlook that for multiple years, not each quarter, felt good to us, and that we could perform against. Therefore, we weren’t in total. Just like any other element, we would not -- we were not assuming a total ethane recovery scenario. That wouldn’t have been consistent with, for example, assuming zero spot volumes for exports.
Joe Bob Perkins: People’s eyes were getting wide. And Scott probably should have been answering, because we also use a $3-per-MMBtu natural gas. And the relationship of gas and ethane makes all the difference, right? So you can tell that that’s not a super-strong ethane recovery scenario.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, and we also have really good visibility on the EBITDA, which is part of maintaining that balance sheet. And that visibility, we -- if you heard, we feel even better about. So it’s that balance of debt to EBITDA as we finish our full process, which is not just on the cost.
Joe Bob Perkins: I have had people point to a comment in a script, and I think it was now three or four quarters ago, where through a series of questions we got talked through, it used to be 1.1 to 1.2. And I think Joe Bob said, I guess that it means 1.2-plus. I don’t come to a different conclusion than when that dialogue created the quote for Joe Bob of saying 1.2-plus. We’re just not saying, where is the range right now. We’re figuring it out. We’ve got a lot more scale, a lot more diversity, than we did as that MLP distribution coverage. But we’re probably more conservative, having gone through what we went. Still, there’s a reasonable signal. It’s not a new target. It’s not a new band. But you’re reading my quote from multiple quarters ago, and I wouldn’t say it’s directionally wrong.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you, Operator. Thanks to everybody who stayed on the phone for that -- the long call. We did want to be able to answer everybody’s questions. We hope we’ve done so completely and with at least interesting color. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Sanjay, Jen or any of us. Thanks, operator.
Matt Meloy: Yes. So the volumes from the Delaware assets from the Outrigger acquisition are included in the Sand Hills, which is a large reason why those volumes are ramping. And then similar on the Midland side, those are included in SAOU and those were a significant piece of that growth as well. We said for this year the volume ramp is a bit slower than our original expectations. We’re building out initial infrastructure, getting to wells, and we’re trying to catch up and keep up with our producers. And we’re doing a good job of that, but it has been a bit slower than our original expectations. But the outlook and the discussions we’ve had with producers really is not impacting our 2018 and beyond outlook for activity in and around those assets. So the long-term value that we see remains intact, and growth out there -- we still see strong on both the Midland side and on the Delaware side.
Matt Meloy: Yes. Sure, Darren. It’s about $417 million, and we’ll have more details on it when the Q gets filed. It should be out later today. We also included in there, in the footnotes, an amount for 2018 and 2019. So right now our estimate for 2018 -- so the first payment is approximately $40 million of that amount, and then the remainder about $377 million in 2019.
Matt Meloy: Yes. It’s also related to part of where the gas comes on. We have offloads. We move some volumes to and from Sand Hills; some volumes to and from SAOU. So it’s also just dependent on where those volumes are coming on and where we can push it -- whether we can get the gas up to Buffalo or down to the Edward and Driver. So it’s a pretty integrated system we have with the WestTX, SAOU and even out through Sand Hills. We are adding additional capacity with the additional Benedum and Midkiff coming on in the second quarter -- is going to increase capacity there, and we’ll be moving volumes to those facilities, and I think you’ll start seeing that increase here.
Matt Meloy: Yes. So we don’t break out a lot of the smaller projects in there, but I would say a lot of that has to do with connectivity further downstream to the ethylene plants coming online. So a lot of that are tens of millions or $5 million, $10 million, going to X, Y and Z additional infrastructure further downstream. I think we’ll continue to have some of that spending going forward. That’s a bit lumpier and a little bit tougher to forecast, but we’ll be working through that as well when we provide our 2018 guidance on CapEx.
Matt Meloy: Yes. And also, we assumed approximately a $0.60 NGL over that forecast period. So with that incremental demand Scott talked about ethane coming on, the average NGL price today for us is already over $0.60 if you look at today’s prices. So with recovering that additional amount of ethane, we would -- it would also likely result in an increased price for ethane. But we use $0.60 ethane over the whole forecast period. [Multiple Speakers] Thank you. I had a lot of correction.
Matt Meloy: Yes. Good question. Our balance sheet right now, with the equity we’ve raised today, is in pretty good shape. The 3.4 times compliance ratio is right in the middle of our target zone of three to four times, and even on a reported LTM debt to EBITDA, we’re in the low 4s -- about 4.1 times. So as we go through our planning cycle for 2018 and firm up our CapEx estimates for that year, we will still likely need some additional piece of that to be equity financed. Typically we’ve financed our growth CapEx on a 50% debt, 50% equity basis. This year it’s been over-equitized for all the reasons that we’ve talked about. So I would expect a significant equity component in 2018. But I think you’re right, we’ll be closer to our normal 50% debt, 50% equity. Where exactly we shake out on there, I think will depend on the size of the overall capital budget.
