Joe Perkins: Thanks, Matt. I'll try to make up for my not-so-brief introduction with a fairly brief conclusion covering some additional thoughts for 2015. In January, we published stand-alone Targa preliminary growth CapEx of $490 million, to $675 million, as Matt mentioned. While the reduction in commodity prices and producer activity is causing us to revisit the optimal sizes and timing of our previously approved and announced new Delaware Basin and Williston Basin plants, and may reduce or slow some of our other capital investment activity on the Gathering and Processing side, on the other hand, this price environment may lead to additional opportunities for a well-positioned Targa. For example, we have modified the existing agreements we had in place with Noble to construct a condensate splitter at our Channelview Terminal. After a brief period of study, Noble and Targa will move forward with either a new Patriot Terminal with significant storage capacity, a splitter at Channelview or perhaps both projects. For structuring some additional optionality into our agreements with Noble, Targa benefited from the receipt of a first quarter payment in 2015 and will receive enhanced economic benefit over the life of the project or projects without taking on any additional risk.  Additionally, the contango in commodity prices has already led to significant inbound interest from customers interested in discussing projects with our petroleum logistics team. On the downstream side of our businesses, we are proceeding with the construction of our fifth fractionator at Mont Belvieu. We call it Train 5, and we will submit a permit for Train 6 very soon. We continue to pursue an ethane export project and remain cautiously optimistic. Interest is being driven from a diverse set of potential customers, including pet chems and other end users. While the recent price shock creates some uncertainty and may slow timing of sufficient contracting, the relative economics continue to appear attractive. At Targa, as I said, our day-to-day operations and commercial focus is on managing cost and spending capital efficiency while also looking for opportunities the price changes may create. We are looking forward to the close of the Atlas merger and the ability to work more closely to identify and pursue those same opportunities while we continue to serve our customers' needs.  Lessons learned in 2008 and 2009 are being employed again today. Most of our employees automatically pulled out those playbooks and are working together to again implement best practices while also explaining to new employees that Targa is a very sound ship for stormy seas and a ship that can take advantage of opportunities as we navigate those stormy seas. The experienced employees remember that Targa can make a significant difference on cost savings and capital efficiency in such a time and that Targa actually added employees while saving money related to those employees in 2008 and 2009.  Before we open up the line to questions, I would just like to thank the Targa team again for another successful year in 2014. Our successes in 2014 have positioned us well for 2015 and 2016. And in the lower price environment of 2015 and 2016, Targa will manage the company and manage its distributions and dividends the same way that it has in the past, with a multiyear view under multiple scenarios.  So with that, we'll open it up to questions, and I'll turn it back to you, operator. 
Joe Perkins: I think it's similar in direction and it will be scaled to producer activity. The Atlas, the non-legacy Targa is the soon-to-be former Atlas assets without going into detail right now, we've got a similar picture. Of course, one of the best areas is going to be West Texas, and one of those I'm going to be slowing down is North Dakota. 
Joe Perkins: Thank you, Brad. I think I'll say, yes, I can help on the first part; then, no, I don't intend to in the second part. For example, our operations managers, all Targa operations managers, what we call area managers, were together last week. And I was pretty enthusiastic to hear how they had already begun to implement the 2008, 2009 playbook. That implementation had not just ideas, but actions and active cost savings occurring in the area of -- I can remember from 2008, they said we want to pay 1x, not 1.5x, and what that means is we can reduce our own overtime, which is a much safer thing to do anyhow, and we've been trying to hire by perhaps adding employees. We can't reduce how much time we're spending with contractors who, in the running gun times, are doing work that Targa employees could otherwise do, and believe me, that cost a lot more than 1.5x. We've got a lot of good contractors. I don't mean to be taking it out on them, but that will be the natural occurrence of things just as it was in '08, '09. I'm interested in cash wherever we can get it. Compressors, we're installing our own compressors and having to dislocate compressors we are leasing, that against an even broader portfolio, with Atlas and Targa combined, there are even more opportunities to do that. There are quite a few costs associated at every plant that sort of went up with oil prices. Believe me, we'll be among the most aggressive of pushing it down with oil prices, and that ranges from chemicals to trucking fees, et cetera, that got their own fuel surcharges. I won't pretend that we've got as much leverage as E&P companies do on third-party providers, but you can assume that our playbook looks very similar to them. That's just a short sample. Our guys came in with a slightly scrubbed budgeting. You know how budgeting occurs. It started last fall -- way before the price shock, and they thought it was finished about the time the price shock occurred. They reduced their OpEx budgets to finally be approved by our boards just after the 1st of the year. Our focus was primarily on EBITDA and margin without getting carried away on what we thought the OpEx budgets could be reduced to. Every one of those area managers told me they would come in under their budgets, and I'm certain they will without giving up at all on what is a very sophisticated preventative maintenance program and without giving up one iota on safety because we've done it before, and most of those area managers were here in '08, '09. Now I know you'd like to know the number. I don't intend to disclose that today, but it is a nice compensating factor as we're working in a lower price environment and we know how to execute. 
Joe Perkins: You are correct. We've had very steady appetite for butane shipments and we've done quite a bit. I expect that interest to continue. If we sort of talk about the moor across our export dock, I can't get much more across our export dock right now. I'm so proud of our people just lining up, managing the logistics, making space for our customers, term customers and short-term customers, exceeding our expectations, as we just reported, relative to effective capacity. And we export butanes, we export -- provide export services for HD-5, provide export services for low ethane propane. I'm just happy we haven't -- with all of the low ethane propane going across the dock, we really didn't have to cannibalize the butane or HD-5, and their interest in getting that capacity continues. 
Joe Perkins: I agree with your view that there are likely to be additional opportunities from our existing facilities on the East Coast, West Coast. We see that we have not been involved yet in exports, though we have helped move it around the country, so to speak. The Patriot dock project with Noble really disclosed all that I'm comfortable with because of the important work we're doing with that customer, but it is positioned to have a lot to do with refined products, whether by pipeline or shipped with the right dock. That's really about all I would say about it right now. 
Joe Perkins: There were several pieces to that question I was trying to get in order of what I wanted to talk about. First, let's start with do we have the same opportunities as some of our peers. I don't know if it's a problem or an opportunity but what we have is 2 very well positioned companies, both of which short of people, okay? Now the good news is we got high talent in both companies, so the priorities were mostly getting covered but we were short of people. Now we may not hire as many as we thought prior to the price shock and we now have the advantage of being able to recruit talent and say, "Do you want to live in Tulsa, or do you want to live in Houston?" And we will look at those open positions very carefully, but this is not a headcount reduction exercise by any stretch of the imagination. It's just the opposite. We think in this downturn, we will add selected talent from those people who were laying off folks, not necessarily their laid-off employees but the employees who don't feel sort of good about to ship their own when they saw other people getting laid off. I really believe that's where we are in my outlook for '15 and '16. If it goes on longer than that, everybody's reassessing. That's a good thing. But the cost savings opportunities are significant. When we announced the deal, we announced it with $20 million to $30 million, right, $20 million to $30 million of synergies. Our Targa philosophy on things like that would be rather to underpromise and overdeliver. Matt will speak up but the ultimate realization just on interest rates associated with redoing the Atlas debt, gets you 1/2 to 2/3 of that. There are lots of different ways we can save the dollars. So we'll overdeliver on $20 million to $30 million, but what we won't be doing -- and we've obviously saved some significant multiple public company costs. There won't be any Philadelphia or New York overhead, I'll let you all go figure out how much that was. That might be a way to save a good bit as well. So we get certainly more than the $20 million to $30 million estimated, but I'm not going to be bringing to investors and I know you might like to have it. How much are we losing on price, how much are we making up on cost savings, what was our original synergy, what was the stuff we didn't know about? I can absolutely guarantee that the stuff we know about, the stuff we suspect and the stuff we haven't found will be a whole lot better than the $20 million to $30 million. You know what? We need a whole lot better than $20 million to $30 million because prices are kind of clobbering us right now. But that G&P business is only part of our business, call it half of ship [ph] our business, and the other side isn't being impacted very much. That's the big benefit of diversity and scale. 
Joe Perkins: Yes. On the -- so no one jumps to the wrong conclusion, that's kind of a modest amount of shortage on the Gathering and Processing in those particular contracts which I'm not going to get into. And for the most part, our customers are above their take or pay levels in the fractionation business with some being below. We don't plan for more than that notional 90% take or pay level. And those who didn't get there pay us cash for not doing so, instead of paying us for the volume that made up that 90%. But still, that's should not be viewed as any indication that we're not highly utilized in the fractionation business. 
Joe Perkins: Never want to think of M&A instead of organic. We look at M&A also. Though our organic will be done consistent with our customer needs and capital efficiently. My experience in cycles like this is the first things that really pop up tend to be smaller and bolt-ons. And when I talked about opportunities associated with the price dislocation, we're looking for those. Likely to be smaller, very interested in bolt-ons, can take advantage of perhaps someone's need to sell where we can tuck it into our now expanded asset base. Later in the cycle, we know that there'll be some larger things available. Targa's in a good position to look at it, but we'll look at it with the same kind of rigor we always have. And no, I don't have any particular new strategy on what to look at. It sort of starts by making sense with our existing asset base in our wheelhouse of the businesses that we're currently running. And sometimes, we look at larger stuff that has more of that in the package. 
Joe Perkins: Sure. I think I'm going to regret having said the playbook, but the reality is that's what our area manager said. I had as soon as the note went out, but after the end of the first year, he said I already pulled out my notes from 2008, 2009. And another one said, I've got the playbook, I'm sharing it with others. I am so -- I perhaps don't filter enough. I am not prepared to give you a percentage. I understand why you're asking the question. At the time, I was talking primarily where the rubber meets the road for us out in the operations with our area managers on both the G&P side and the downstream side. During running-gunning times, you start paying premiums to keep up with your customer needs and things cost more. We will be saving significant dollars from our suppliers, our vendors, contract labor, our own overtime labor, okay? Products and materials will get meaningfully cheaper. We've already had proposals and some of those proposals we've asked to be reduced on things like chemicals, okay? Oil is the primary component and an excuse for increasing it and it's cut in half, you can imagine that we can get a pretty significant reduction in chemical cost, for example. For engine oil, okay, that's a pretty easy negotiation to get back to, and we use a lot of it. You said how much, and I'm not giving you how much, but the G&A, I kind of talked about. Some of it, we don't have work for, okay? It goes away because Philadelphia and New York go away. We aren't trying to get rid of headcount G&A. The normal public company costs of 2 other companies are kind of a freebie for us. We will be keeping a separate set of financials for some outstanding note holders. That's not hard to do and not very costly. Making it public style to the extent we do for equity is much worse. 
Joe Perkins: Yes, it's hard for me to confirm how people are doing the mathematical interpolation, but yes, it's reasonable to come to those conclusions that at that 50 and 5, linear interpolation would tell you that we might go to 0.9x coverage. Well, we're even below that right now, so you might have... 
Joe Perkins: We're even below that on prices. We're not -- we're way above -- I think we've shown that we can do high coverage in higher price points. So yes, we're going to be dialing the coverage dial. We don't want to go much below 1.0, but we're not scared to have 0.9 to 1.0 and we need to -- but we also need to look out over multiple years in terms of what is the expectations of price and therefore, the expectations of level of activity and the expectations of volumes in our G&P business as we make those decisions embedded in that early December guidance was levelized. I'm not sure we have the expectation of levelized yet. 
Joe Perkins: The buffer helps in the short term, okay? But only for the short term and we're all trying to figure out what the longer term is. 
Joe Perkins: I was only trying to get across to people that we are going to be looking at it over the long term like we always look at it over the long term. When we make our distribution decisions, we do so with a multiyear view, looking at multiple scenarios that are likely with the best possible inputs we can get at the time. And sharing that with our board use that multiyear scenario and the ability to cushion with coverage to try to drive our distributions and therefore, our dividends, as smoothly as possible. I think we've got a pretty good track record of doing that. And so I took the December 10 which provided some information of how we saw the world at that time and our best estimates, and try to repeat how we're going to always think about our quarter-by-quarter distributions and therefore, dividends with a multiyear view. That's all I was trying to get across and I'm not trying to imply anything else. 
Joe Perkins: Yes. I think it is difficult to ascertain. I've got many producer friends, many producer customers that I have the conversations with. So I'm generalizing and I don't want to offend anyone by generalizing, but the first half is a lot clearer than the second half because the second half will be more impacted by the actual activity levels that they're doing, call it, in the second quarter. And then those activity levels in the second half will impact how we feel about '16. And many of them, whether they're admitting to it or not, have their own version of multiple plans because the price outlook is so uncertain, and I use that term outlook broadly. When they break to the middle of the year, their outlook will be influenced by their own interpretation of supply and demand and what it's looking like and will look like by the forward curves and what that's telling them. By their own leveraged position, broadly, producers want to be living within their cash flow right now. So that's the difficult calculus. It's large in uncertainty as through any cycle we've seen, but we're also really early in the cycle. 
Joe Perkins: First of all, I know we had a very long call, okay, trying to provide a lot of that information, correct some mistakes that might be made out there about what our leverage looked like and what sort of liquidity we had, and it will also be in the record for everybody to look back at. That's important. We managed our balance sheet very, very carefully and I think, very conservatively. The way we've done that in the past isn't going to change in the future. And similarly, we try to manage our coverage on the equity side carefully and conservatively. 
Joe Perkins: I'm very confident in the TRGP vote. Anyone who's been involved in deals like this knows I get to see them. 
Joe Perkins: Have I gotten any calls from shareholders? No, I have not recently. We made a concerted effort to try to address all natural questions of people with energy portfolios and the price dislocation, major shareholders with our position beginning with the price shock when interest really went up, and after the first of the year as people were thinking about the upcoming vote. I'm hoping we've addressed all those questions publicly at conferences or one-on-one. All we're doing is just pointing to publicly available information to say here's how it's going to work and why we're very confident and my very confident that's been there from day 1 is even more very confident. 
Joe Perkins: Yes I don't mind describing it but I'm going to describe it generally and not by any particular vendor. We've always in growth mode in almost every area operated with a owned and leased portfolio. The leased allows you to manage variability. Compressors get moved around within fields. Targa has 2 of its own compressor refurbishment shops, so we have spares. And having a spare to instantly put back in when something goes down is an infinite return, it's the right use of capital. Our replacement of leased compressors, let's say, I was buying some for the future and certainly not don't need them this fast, but I don't have to create a large inventory. I just get rid of a leased compressor. And I also approach, when I have a couple in my pocket, I will tend to approach all of my vendors for lower terms on these sort of evergreen not termed, but just month-to-month compressors. And if I don't get a lower rate, guess which one I replace? It's not complicated. 
Joe Perkins: I mean, as we've described to investors for some time, Targa -- hindsight's 20-20 -- has been less hedged on LPGs because of our perceived upside versus downside, but more so our internal view shared with our Board of Directors, that a large portion of that volume being ethane is essentially getting natural gas price. And secondly, our propane which is the next largest volume, as you know, call it to the nearest 10%, 20% that the propane piece of this has an interesting offset relative to our opportunities for propane exports. So I would not call it a natural hedge. Understand that, that would be an imprecise term but directionally, it is a directional offset. And then it's a function of just how much do you have of one or the other. It's the reason we're more likely hedged on propane. 
Joe Perkins: By the way, that's why Matt says the best way for you to think about hedging is we'll be hedged at least as much as the sum of the parts when you put Atlas and Targa together. Probably more so for the combination but not thinking about it dramatically differently except to make sure that we stay disciplined. 
Joe Perkins: I'm not comfortable providing the estimate on the pro forma basis. I will instead, give color that I think is helpful. We've taken -- early in January, we came out with guidance that showed that CapEx might be that 60% to 80% of the previous numbers and we showed you where the primary ranges were on our investor presentation. It's still out there and when you say more if needed to, what that range is reflecting is our smart delay in downsizing associated with what is necessary to meet the customer needs. And back to other questions, we'll get adequate returns for that, as good a returns for that. It's a reasonable assumption and it's a reasonably informed assumption on my part that Atlas does not look that different. I happen to understand the delay in the Buffalo plant pretty well. There hasn't been that much money spent, and it going slower makes a lot of sense. In fact, if it's going slower and then suddenly prices pop up and Pioneer needs volumes faster, the new merged company is going to be able to help them because we can pipe it all together and get it to High Plains, which currently has capacity available. That's just the benefit of having more assets and having what will soon be a super system in the Permian Basin. So CapEx will be reduced to what is necessary to meet our customer demand and that will naturally occur project by project, some of which will be visible to you. 
Joe Perkins: It's a little difficult to say when it fills up. I do want to take a step back and say, do you remember that both of those are now parts of multi-plant systems. It also is our newest plant, so I tend to put more volume to them because it gives me better control of that ethane rejection, but they were put into systems that were full and have importantly contributed to our ability to handle volumes, including volumes all the way from Sand Hills across the Midland pipeline, if that's helpful. And know, in terms of when they might fill up, I was a little concerned about our North Texas -- not concerned, starting to plan for what's next in North Texas, that's been slowed down a little bit, for example, by just that current activity levels. And then in the Permian, our combined portfolio, the Atlas plant delay is reflective of slower-than-anticipated producer drilling, and that will work nicely with the rest of the Targa portfolio. 
Joe Perkins: I can assure you, we have no noncontracted volume going across the dock. We do have some shorter-term contracts and we aren't disclosing the mix of that. Though I think we provided information that we contracted for more across 2014 for 2014 and for multiple years. 
Joe Perkins: Thank you very much, operator. Thank you for all of your patience. I know we had longer prepared remarks to try to help with your questions, and we are happy to have helped with the long list of questions. If you have any other questions, feel free to give me a call, Matt a call, Jen a call. We appreciate your interest. Good day. 
Matt Meloy: No, that's it. I'd say the change that you saw in the fourth quarter was related to the LTIP plans or the delta was related to the price of basically NGLS and TRGP, not a restructuring. And that makes up the lion's share, and that was actually -- there was some offsets going the other way, some increase and some other overhead costs. 
Matt Meloy: That's both in our Gathering and Processing and in our downstream business. It was not, as Joe Bob mentioned, it was not LPG exports but there was some small amount underneath our take or pay and our fractionation and then some volumetric take or pays on the Gathering and Processing side. 
Matt Meloy: We have some portion of our contracts that haven't been -- that were under long-term contracts that haven't been renegotiated at current prices, but most of our contracts have been renegotiated over the last several years. So I'd say there are some opportunities for that, but the lion's share of our fractionation contracts have been redone relatively recently. 
Matt Meloy: No. You'll see our hedge schedules, we will put it in our K when we file it. It will be out today. Atlas is going to be having theirs out, so it will be towards the end of the month. We didn't give you the pro forma numbers, we gave you our standalone. It was 55% hedged in '15 on gas and 45% hedged on condensate, 12% on NGLs. Atlas has their hedges disclosed on their last 10-Q. Again, it will be updated when their K is filed here recently. They do have more hedges than us on the natural gas side. 
