Sanjay Lad: Thanks, O'Shawna. Good morning, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call for Targa Resources Corp. The second quarter earnings release for Targa Resources along with the second quarter earnings supplement presentation are available on the Investors section of our website at targaresources.com. In addition, an updated investor presentation has also been posted to our website. Statements made during this call that might, include Targa Resources' expectations or predictions, should be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E at the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our latest SEC filings. Our speakers for the call today will be Matt Meloy, Chief Executive Officer; and Jen Kneale, Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, the following senior management team members will be available for the Q&A session. Pat McDonie, President, Gathering and Processing; Scott Pryor, President, Logistics and Transportation; and Bobby Muraro, Chief Commercial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Matt.
Sanjay Lad: And we kindly ask that you limit to two questions and reenter the Q&A line up if you have additional questions.
Sanjay Lad: Thank you, Hope. Well thank everyone that was on the call this morning and we appreciate your interest in Targa Resources. We will be available for any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you and have a great day.
Jen Kneale: Thanks, Matt. Targa's reported quarterly adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter was $351 million. As Matt discussed, our results for the second quarter were impacted by the low commodity price environment and temporary production curtailments and reduced producer activity which resulted in lower volumes across our Gathering and Processing and logistics and transportation systems offset by our significant efforts to reduce costs. In our logistics and transportation segment, while second quarter Grand Prix, fractionation and LPG export volumes were modestly lower, when compared to the first quarter, the sequential decline in segment operating margin was driven by lower marketing and other. Seasonality in our wholesale marketing businesses, combined with less optimization margin realized in our marketing businesses during the second quarter, accounted for about half of the sequential decline in segment operating margin. We are very proud of the entire Targa organization's efforts to manage operating and general and administrative expenses lower. As we said on our second quarter call, we expected to have aggregate operating and G&A expense savings of approximately $100 million relative to our plan and we now expect to meaningfully exceed $100 million in 2020. Looking forward, quarterly operating expenses in each segment are estimated to be modestly higher in the third and fourth quarters when compared to the second quarter, as new facilities begin operations in both our G&P and L&T segments. Turning to hedging. Based on a range of current estimates of producer customer activity levels, we remain substantially hedged for 2020. We have hedged approximately 85% to 95% of natural gas, approximately 80% to 90% of condensate and approximately 75% to 85% of NGLs. Supplemental hedge disclosures including 2021 hedge percentages by commodity can be found in our earnings and supplement presentation on our website. Related to counterparty risk, we have had no material credit losses and remain focused on monitoring and managing our credit exposure. We have a large diversified customer base across our operating businesses, which includes large integrated customers, other investment-grade counterparties and customers that are required to provide credit protection. Our 2020 net growth CapEx estimate range remains between $700 million to $800 million and our 2020 net maintenance CapEx estimate continues to be approximately $130 million. We have spent about $400 million of net growth CapEx through the first two quarters with growth CapEx spending expected to continue to trend lower as we move through the second half of the year with free cash flow increasing. We had over $2.1 billion of available liquidity as of June 30 and have no near-term maturities of senior notes or credit facilities with the earliest maturity occurring in May 2023. On a debt compliance basis TRC's leverage ratio at the end of the second quarter was approximately 4.1 times versus a compliance covenant of 5.5 times. Our consolidated reported debt-to-EBITDA ratio was approximately 4.9 times. With our premier integrated asset position and our talented employees Targa is well positioned for the longer term. As business fundamentals improve, we expect to generate increasing free cash flow after dividends that will be available to reduce debt and further strengthen our balance sheet profile. Our business is performing very well across a difficult year and we are so proud of the exceptional performance of our employees. Given the actions that we have taken and will continue to take this year, we expect to exit 2020 in a strong position with increasing flexibility. Lastly, before we turn the call over to Q&A, we wanted to provide an update that we are on track to publish our 2019 sustainability report during the third quarter and will include enhanced disclosures around our framework of policies, practices and systems in the areas of safety, environmental, social and governance. And with that operator, please open the line for questions.
Jen Kneale: I think, Tristan that we've done an excellent job of taking costs out really across the board. The focus of our organization whether it be, supply chain every operations person every group involved in G&A savings. It's just been a really remarkable effort, when we compare that $100 million of cost savings which we now expect to be, that's relative to our plan as we approach this year. And so I think that, we see good permanence from a lot of those cost savings partially because our expectations are that activity levels may be reduced versus where we were before. So our need to hire additional personnel and things like that. Some of that I expect will be permanent in terms of cost savings. Our management of other operating costs around production, we are doing a very good job of managing those with each and every supplier and we'll continue to be focused on that. But as we see volumes increase across our systems, those costs may be a little bit harder to maintain the Permian of. But we're working very diligently to try to do that.
Jen Kneale: I think, Kyle there's also uncertainty around COVID as we all know. And so we're also being conservative factoring what we don't know into account. So we've got great visibility, I think from our producers or certainly increased visibility versus where we were for back half of the year performance, which gives us a lot of confidence when we think about the strength and resiliency of our footprint. But there is just continued uncertainty around COVID. And so we're trying to factor some of that conservatism in as well.
Jen Kneale: We can dig into it some more and come back to you, but I don't believe there was anything that I'd characterize as onetime in nature there, Sunil.
Matt Meloy: Good morning. Yes, I'll answer the first one just about Grand Prix and then go to the other one. Yes, the Grand Prix volumes we are seeing some strength. I'd say with gateway coming on and just the resilience that we're seeing in the Permian. With that plant coming on volumes are continuing to ramp. I'd say we've been pleasantly surprised with how that assets performed, the volumes going through it and our ability to enhance recoveries across that asset and the rest of our Permian footprint is going to continue to drive better recoveries going forward. So on a recovery basis, I think we feel good about the outlook for moving those volumes down Grand Prix and just from the overall volume uplift we're going to get from putting gateway on. Both of those things are going to drive more volumes on Grand Prix. So I think it's kind of happening real-time, as we're ramping up gateway. But I think we're pretty optimistic about the volume profile for gateway through the back half of the year and then into 2021. Now in terms of business mix and how that's shifting, yes, I'd say with Grand Prix going to continue to ramp volumes fractionation export and the investments we made on the downstream side. I would say that over time, partially dependent on commodity prices. But yes, we see more of the business mix shifting to downstream in terms of percentage operating margin than G&P. But we expect to have really growth in both areas over time.
Matt Meloy: Sure. On the South Texas footprint really amongst the whole Eagle Ford, there's not a lot of activity out there. We actually didn't see a whole lot of volume shut in on that system but there's just really not a lot of activity. So you've seen volumes move down. We are getting some indications from producers that some activity could start picking up here. So there remains an opportunity for kind of stemming the decline and maybe going the other way here as we kind of get into the back half of the year. But we really haven't seen a lot of progress made in terms of volumes here recently. But there is some – there is some opportunity for those volumes to perform a little bit better as we go forward.
Matt Meloy: I'd say, for that we're -- we've had good discussions with our producers. And we're getting more visibility around their plans for 2020. So I'd say in the incremental data points, we're getting there continue to be more and more positive in more and more conversations we have. So it would be our expectation that, out in the Permian that from here would not surprise me if we had some growth, from where we are today, through the end of the year, in the Permian. We still have a range in our EBITDA guidance, because it's still -- there's still certainly some uncertainty there. But I'd say the most recent data points, we're getting are more supportive, of having really growth from this point going forward in the Permian.
Matt Meloy: I think, we continue to just see the resiliency of our Permian Midland system. When we add plants there are more volumes that usually come in to fill those up relatively quickly. If there's other wells that are being shut in maybe it lower some pressures and we see it come from other parts of the system. So I think we benefit from just having a really large footprint on the Permian Midland side, with really high-quality, well capitalized good producers as well. So I would say on average we would expect them to outperform the Basin. And we've seen that continue to prove out. So I think it's a combination of a number of factors. I think it's the footprint system we have, but it's also the really strong producers we have behind our systems.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. So for CapEx as we look forward if you look through the remainder of this year really the most of the large capital projects are coming on and going to be completed this year, adding the fractionation trains, export facilities and processing plants. As you look out into 2021, we have the completion of our Grand Prix extension up into Oklahoma in the first quarter but we don't have any large-scale projects announced to come online in 2021. So we'd expect that CapEx, when you look to our recent history to be much lower than the amount we've spent over the previous several years. We have capacity on Grand Prix. So as volumes ramp we'll be able to just move those volumes down Grand Prix. We have capacity in our fractionation and export. So we're really set up pretty well to be able to capture some growth volumes. Whether it's in 2021 or 2022, going forward to capture those growth volumes, with really not much more incremental investment on the downstream side of the business. So then it's on the G&P side where we'll have a regular field and compression and other spending we'll need to have to gather those volumes to the plants. And as I noted in my comments is we have excess capacity in the Delaware side. So with Peregrine coming on, we do have processing out there. So it really comes to on the G&P side. I'd say the next processing plant we have visibility to if there is some growth is again in the Permian Midland where we've seen strength. So it would be a processing plant on the Permian Midland side, which depending on how volumes move as we go through the remainder of this year there could be a need for another plant out there. And we're already trying to be even more capital efficient with the way we do that. So we're looking internally is there a potential plant we could move from another area that's underutilized. Repurpose that and move it out into the Permian Midland when and if it's needed out there. And so we're already looking at that. And if we do that and be significantly less capital than a new build get-out capital that we've had for the recent $250 million day plants we put in.
Matt Meloy: I'd say as we look out over multi-years, what we see is the addition of processing plants likely just going to be in the Permian. On the Midland side likely there’ll be more plants there than the Delaware just kind of given where current volumes are relative to capacity. So it's putting in a processing plant on the Permian side shouldn't need much more capital on Grand Prix as we have capacity on that pipe. It will be just adding some pumps, but those are relatively small amounts of capital. And then is when we're going to need another fractionator after Train 8. So part of it will be the timing of what that growth looks like in 2021 and when we'll need to green light Train 9 on the fractionation. And does that fall into 2022 -- does it fall into 2020? When do we need that? How much growth is there in 2021 and 2022? But it's going to average out, one year we might be putting one in and other year we may not right? So it's going to depend on when we put in those processing plants and fractionation facilities.
Matt Meloy: Sure. So we had -- if you look sequentially our marketing margin was down in the second quarter versus the first. We pointed to our wholesale marketing, which is normal seasonality that we had every year in that business. But we also -- it was actually a relatively good quarter for us on the NGL marketing front. But the margin really won't be realized until later quarters as there was significant contango on some of the NGL products. We're able to purchase store put into storage and we'll realize those margins as we go forward. So we factor that into our updated guidance. And so we'll reap those benefits as we realize those contango trades.
Matt Meloy: Sure. At this point in the year it really is less about I'd say commodity prices. We gave commodity prices with our updated guidance. But given our hedge position and our fee base positionm it is less about commodity prices and it really is more about volumes. So we've had positive signs from the producers in the Permian. Let's see how that plays out through the rest of the year. So I think there's still some potential variability in what the volumes look like for the Permian from now to the rest of the year. And then we also still have some shut-ins up in the Badlands and we have some shut-ins in the South Oak segment. And so there are some signs that those are going to be coming on. When those come on, do they fully come back on? That's another variable. So to be the return of shut-in production in our Central region combined with Permian volumes and what the growth profile looks like from now to the end of the year.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. So our focus and we mentioned it in our script multiple times is really on free cash flow after dividends and wanting to delever. We have a lot of really good organic projects adding -- picking up volumes through our Midland system, our Delaware system picking up the transport frac and export as we move the molecule downstream those are going to be really good returns for us. So our focus really is on -- if there's spending to do it's on organic spending in and around our footprint for our existing customers and add-on customers in and around our footprint. That is going to be our focus right now because our leverage is headed in the right direction, but we still want our leverage to move even lower.
