Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks, Sanjay. Good morning, and thank you to everybody on the call. Before we get into our remarks, I'd like to acknowledge the recent retirement of Jeff McParland. Consistent with our long term succession planning. Most recently, Jeff served as President of administration. Jeff was also Targa's first CFO. On behalf of the entire Targa team, we thank Jeff for his tremendous leadership and help shaping our financial organization in Targa's early years. It continues to be an exciting time at Targa. We're beginning to benefit from numerous major projects now online, most of which began over 2 years ago. This year, we completed and commenced operations on approximately $4 billion worth of projects. Projects which have successfully transformed Targa into a leading integrated midstream company. These completed projects and the cash flow from these projects positions Targa very well. Our balance sheet and cash flow profile are expected to strengthen meaningfully as we move forward. And we will capture improved returns on capital, benefiting from our integrated platform and lower capital spin. I want to express my personal thanks to the exceptional team at Targa for their continued focus and commitment, executing on these projects, on our company's long term strategic priorities and most importantly, safely operating our infrastructure facilities every day. With premier assets and a premier reputation in both our gathering and processing business and in our downstream NGL business and with those assets and reputation complemented by our talented leadership and employees, Targa is very well positioned for the future. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Matt to discuss our business outlook.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, I'd say when we gave the original $200,000, I'd say it was a conservative estimate. It was our first full month in service and so we wanted to make sure we felt we're going to be able to exceed that number that we gave. You saw volumes on our system sequentially increase in the Permian Midland in the Delaware, both of which helped drive some of that outperformance. I think it's a really across the board - it's across the Permian, it's our volumes and it is third party volumes as well. I think as you get into 2020, I think we - we'll give some updated volume guidance or we anticipate giving some updated volume guidance in 2020, which will include Grand Prairie. I think we feel really good about our previous $250,000 at some point in 2020. We'll be bringing that - we'll be updating that in February. But yes, we feel really good about being able to exceed that.
Joe Bob Perkins: And just to add one point to that, Pat, an increasing share of our growth is from the majors and large independents too. As the Delaware ramps and as we ramp our growth, it is increasingly tied to the major large independents who move rigs a little bit slower than some of the smaller guys.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, that 80% is an average, but we see it continuing maybe not in a straight line, but continuing up and to the right. So that fee-based percentage should just continue to increase over time. So I would expect the back half of the year to be higher fee-based percentage than earlier, but that is an annual average.
Joe Bob Perkins: When we're discussing with the producers, we're really looking at when we put capital out getting it all in return on capital. So we're targeting if we start with the fee-based contracted at what speed we need to earn an appropriate gathering and processing return on capital and that's where we start. And if they want to make the piece of that into POP or do a hybrid or floor we're flexible with all the things, we've done some of those things, it less about us agreeing on a commodity price, and where we get revenue neutral and more over range of scenarios them understanding we need to have an adequate return or at least price more protection to spend that capital.
Joe Bob Perkins: We've seen that increase overtime again pointed back to the projects that we have focused in on bolt on type projects that have debottleneck around the butane side. So I think over time you will see that gradually increase with more focus on butane and that helps us also optimize on the upside, how much volume we would actually see across the dock.
Jennifer Kneale: Thanks Matt, good morning, everyone. Targa's reported quarterly adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $350 million with dividend coverage of approximately one times. In our GMP segment operating margin contribution from higher sequential inlet volumes led by our Permian Midland and Permian Delaware region was partially offset by the impact of lower NGL and crude oil prices. Net and realized hedge gains third quarter GMP operating margin was about $15 million higher than our second quarter. In our logistics and marking segment operating margin sequentially increased predominantly due to a partial quarter contribution from Grand Prix. The impact of the schedule turnaround in our fractionation facilities during the third quarter was offset by the early startup of GCX. Operating expenses in our GMP segment in the third quarter decreased over the second quarter, primarily due to lower property tax estimates, while the increase in sequential downstream operating expenses, was attributable to a full quarter of transfix operations and a partial quarter of Grand Prix deliveries into Mount Belleview. Turning to hedging our percent proceeds equity commodity positions are well hedge as we continue to execute additional hedges to increase cash flow stability. We are more than 80% hedged across all commodities for the fourth quarter and more than 50% hedged across all commodities for 2020. Additional updated hedge disclosures can be found in our investor presentation. During the third quarter we recognize and unrealized non-cash Mark to market loss of $101 million associated with hedging our natural gas transportation agreement, which will be offset by underlying law and transportation gains in future. As Matt mentioned our 2019 net growth CapEx estimates for announced projects remains at approximately $2.4 billion and we have spent about $1.9 billion through the end of the third quarter, our full year 2019 maintenance CapEx forecast remains unchanged at approximately $130 million. On a debt compliance basis TRPs leverage ratio at the end of the third quarter was approximately 4.7 times versus a compliance covenant of 5.5 times. Our consolidated reported debt to EBITDA ratio was approximately 5.8 times, using annualized third quarter EBITDA to calculate our consolidated leverage our debt to EBITDA ratio was 5.4 times which we think is more reflective of our leverage trajectory given our expectation to benefit from ramping EBITDA. We also continue to evaluate and execute asset sales as a catalyst to reduce leverage. During the third quarter, we closed on the sale of an equity method investment for $70 million. In our press release, we announced that we are evaluating the potential of divestiture of our crude gathering business in the Permian, which includes crude gathering and storage assets in both the Delaware and Midland basin, I'm very pleased to announce that we have an update to our earlier press release and we have now executed agreements to sell our Permian Delaware crude business to works [ph] midstream for approximately $135 million, subject to customary regulatory approvals, including submissions. The sale is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2019. I would like to publicly thank our team that worked tirelessly through the night and early morning to execute the agreement. Combined these asset sales were executed in an attractive double-digit multiple of EBITDA. We're also evaluating the potential sales remaining Permian crude storage and gathering assets in the Midland basin. No common equity has been issued year-to-date and based on current market conditions, our expectation is that we do not need to issue any equity into the foreseeable future as we benefit from increase in cash flow and lower leverage from our projects now in service. Consistent with our expectations entering 2019, adjusted EBITDA and dividend coverage are expected to be at their highest points for the year during the fourth quarter, providing Targa with significant momentum as we exit 2019. With that, I would like to turn it back to Matt for a few closing comments.
Jennifer Kneale: It will largely be predicated on activity levels. Right, Spiro? So at this point, when we think about the assets coming online in 2020, the expectation is that they will be highly utilized relatively quickly. Train 7, we could use, you know, pretty much very quickly today. And so I think that if activity levels stay consistent with where they are today with our expectations for the near term, then obviously CapEx would be higher as a result of that. If activity levels decrease, then I think we've got more flex as we go through time to delay the timing of when we have our next plant in the Permian, either the Midland and the Delaware site, or when we would need that additional fractionation in Bellevue.
Jennifer Kneale: Good question. We've got a lot of interest in assets across the portfolio, and we've gotten a lot of reverse inquiry around different assets. We're very pleased with the announcement this morning that we were able to successfully execute agreements on the Permian and Delaware crude side, and now we'll be evaluating the potential sale of the Permian, Midland crude assets. When you look across the portfolio beyond that, I think that everything is for sale for the right price. That's part of our jobs. But as you rightly point out, there are some areas within our system where we're spending relatively little capital, where we've been incredibly successful in reducing costs and really squeezing every last dime out of assets that we possibly can. And so getting evaluation that makes sense for us to sell those assets versus just continuing the harvest with that cash flow can be a difficult decision, but we're always open to evaluating anything that's in our portfolio.
Jennifer Kneale: As Matt mentioned in his prepared remarks, we are expecting growth from the producers on our systems, particularly in the Permian. And so there is a lot of spending that we're assuming will take place to facilitate their growth as they continue to drill and be successful.
Jennifer Kneale: I think Christian that we've been consistently saying that a goal of ours is to reduce our leverage; we really let it move higher over the last couple years as we had given visibility to the ramp and cash flow and EBITDA from the project coming online. And now you're hearing us say that one of the reasons that were exploring some of the asset sales that we been successful on executing on is to more quickly to our leverage and so that's a big focus area for us. I think that because our leverage is where it is today a goal of four times consolidated over time is a reasonable assumption, but it's going to take some time to get there, just given where we are today even as our EBITDA ramps. And so we will be looking at debt co repurchase and the terms of those repurchases and our leverage as we move through time. We got great flexibility in that structure in terms of having four years from essentially the fourth quarter to take it out. So I think as we feel like we have a lot of options to use our additional cash flow as it generated.
Jennifer Kneale: We're hedged over 50% across all commodities for 2020, Jeremy, and I think that we're very much focused on cash flow stability as our leverage is higher and begins to work down. And so you've seen us add a significant number of hedges really in the back half of this year, and I would expect that that would continue.
Jennifer Kneale: We continue to try to have a very active dialogue with the agencies, make sure there are no surprises there. So delivering on the forecast that we show them, delivering on the asset sales that we tell them we expect to have, making sure that we're just delivering on all fronts. And so that's an ongoing dialogue, and we expect that the continued growth of our business in terms of fee-based margin, asset diversity, et cetera will only help us in those dialogues.
Jennifer Kneale: We benefit from increasing cash flow and EBITDA and have very good visibility to that, so that provides us with additional debt capacity plus more internally generated cash flow. So I think you've seen us through 2019 each quarter deliver more strongly the message just as our business has performed that we do not have expectations to need to issue any equity over the foreseeable future. As Matt said, we've got the assets that we've already executed in terms of asset sales. We've got the one that we announced this morning with the Permian Delaware crude business, and the only active asset sale other than that that's underway, which is in the early stages, is a potential sale of the Midland side of the Permian crude business. And that's really all that we're expecting at this point.
Jennifer Kneale: That's net of all of our partnerships so that's what Targa's expected spending is relative to all the growth projects that we have visibility to for 2020.
Jennifer Kneale: Sorry. I was just going to add that it doesn't include any potential asset sales or anything like that. It's the pure spending for growth capital on projects that we have visibility to.
Jennifer Kneale: So, current operating margin on the Midland size of the crude business is higher than it is on the Delaware side, but we're not going to provide any more detail at this point, given we're just really kicking off the potential evaluation of the sale of the Midland crude assets.
Jennifer Kneale: I think that our operating team, particularly in the Permian where we've been spending a lot of capital and we've been bringing a lot of assets, and the service has been very much focused on reducing operating expenses, and I applaud them for those efforts. We mentioned on our second quarter call that we were putting an AGI well into service as well this summer, which is going to help reduce our chemical cost. So part of that is what you're seeing in the third quarter but this is a big area focus for us, Chris, along with capital discipline, managing our costs OpEx as well and G&A, is a big point of focus across the organization. And so this is consistent with our expectation in terms of Q3 being lower than the second quarter. The second quarter, we also had the reclass of some G&A into OpEx as well, so that was sort of more one-timey in nature. And I would expect that we will continue to remain very much focused on this, and what we're mostly focused on is having reduced per unit costs as volumes are continuing to ramp across our GMP businesses and also our downstream business.
Jennifer Kneale: I wouldn't expect a meaningful toggle in terms of our maintenance spending. We've also placed a lot of new assets in service, but new assets don't require a lot of maintenance. But no, I wouldn't expect that there's a big step change that's about to occur there up or down.
Jennifer Kneale: Our general targets, as we work with the risk committee of the board of directors is to hedge 75% for the next 12 months out, 50% for the 12 months after that, 25% for the 12 months after that. Those are the general guidelines. And then within those general guidelines on a quarterly basis we're working with the risk committee to figure out the appropriate tolerance for hedges within Targa.
Jennifer Kneale: I think that's a fine target for now. You've seen us hedge more when we've been given the opportunity higher than those thresholds or at the same time have also hedged left in those levels when there has been something in the market that has sort of driven that decision making. So we'll continue to be flexible, but those are our targets and I don't see those changing in the near term.
Jennifer Kneale: Well what happens at the beginning of the year we make, an estimate on our taxes and as we move through the year and we have numbers or better visibility to numbers that we expect to be realized, we change that estimate. So generally start every year on the gathering and processing and down streaming size with our high estimate then as we move through the year and that estimate becomes again even more realize or we have more visibility to what it's going to be it tends to come down. So that's really just the pattern that we generally have year in and year out for [indiscernible] taxes.
Jennifer Kneale: You can see in our investor presentations, we provide a breakdown of the propane, butane mix of what already been loaded at the facility.
Matthew Meloy: Thanks, Jen. I'd also like to bring to your attention our inaugural sustainability report, which we published in August highlighting our framework of policies, practices, and systems in areas of safety, environmental, social and governance. We remain focused in continuing to progress our disclosures in these areas and to enhance our performance. So with that operator, please open the line for questions.
Matthew Meloy: Sure. So in our commodity sensitive areas, as we're going out and continuing to spend capital to hook up additional wells and facilitate growth for our producers. Given current commodity prices the returns on some of those are, you know, relatively low compared to recent points in history when you look at commodity prices. So it's not too difficult to have a discussion, you have to have them to show what our overall margins are. And we want to continue to invest for our producers. So we're adding fee-based components to those contracts. We're adding some fee floors and instances. Sometimes we're moving to - completely to fee, so it just depends on producer preferences. But we would like to see a meaningful - if not - the majority or plus of fee base to protect our investment as we go forward.
Matthew Meloy: So the other asset that we named in the press release this morning was our crude business in the Midland. So that's another one that we're in the process now. We've engaged Jefferies, and we're going to look to monetize that. I think we're going to continue to look across our asset base and see what - what might be complimentary, if it's not core, and down our strategic gas value chains of gathering and processing all the way down to the export doc. We're going to have a discussion and take a hard look at it. But right now, the only one that's really on that would be the crude business in the Midland side.
Matthew Meloy: Well, I think, they sort of give a relatively narrow range, you know, as we're ramping up our internal processes for what projects we want to include and what that budget's going to look like for 2020. I think we feel pretty comfortable with that 1.2 to 1.3, and then it's really going to be when we add another processing plant in the Permian. We're going to have some spending in 2020 or does it get pushed to the end of 2020. That's what's going to really move the 1.2 to 1.3, timing of when processing is getting added. And then when we green light, you know, frac train 7 and 8 fill up. Are we ordering long lead times for train 9 and other things? So that's why I think there's a relatively tight range. And then it's just the completion of our major projects already underway, it's a majority of that.
Matthew Meloy: Yes, I think as we look at our capital spending trajectory, I think 2020 is a big step for us. You know, it's about half of what it was last year. So you're seeing that CapEx moderate. I think when we gave that guidance back in November of last year, the point of that was to show that going forward, the CapEx is going to be moderating significantly. I think 2020 shows that, but even in 2020, we have, you know, spending on two fractionation trains, which is higher than a normal amount of spending would be for fractionation, right? So, we plan to give annual guidance. So 2020 shows a step in the right direction, significantly moderated CapEx. Then, as we move through the year, you know, we'll give annual guidance for 2021.
Matthew Meloy: And just to add on to that to Jen, you know where - we have been active in that market as a buyer, and as you see now, as a seller. For selling assets in the GNP, it's not a great market for that. So we're looking around that potential opportunities and what we could or could not monetize. You know, it's not a great market for that on the gas gathering and processing side.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. So most of that spending is related to projects that are already underway, right? Train 7, train 8, Gateway, Peregrine Export Facility. I think the reason it's relatively tight range is we do expect highly likely to be announcing another plant out in the Permian. So there will be some spending for that. And that's why we gave a range. You know, we see it is about $100 million range for depending on when we green light that plant. And then when and Y-grade volumes are increasing as a result of production activity. If we're going to have any spending or some modest amount of spending on train 9 for 2020. So those are the two, kind of, drivers to be at the high end or low end of that range.
Christine Cho: Morning everyone. I wanted to start with your comments about increasing the fee-based cash flows. So when you say you're adding fee-based component and for or just outright off the, is it just for new volumes and there's nothing for existing volumes and if it is just renew volume would be fair to say that all of this contracting that you're talking about is primarily taking place in the Permian.
Christine Cho: Okay great and then I wanted to just talk about Waha the basis I think back out even though Grand Prix is in service. And could you just confirm that you won't be exposed to the faces to share capacity on the line and we should think that your price realization is say less the tariff you're paying for your pipeline capacity.
Christine Cho: Okay, great. And then just one last question, so on Grand Prix you expect September to be the hit 200,000 barrels per day and it looks like you're tracking better at 230, is this just been acceleration bit timing of volume is 250,000 barrels still the right now to hit sometime in 2020, or could this be on the conservative side and was it more a function of volumes being better on your system or third party processing plan.
Patrick McDonie: This is Patrick McDonie. I mean we obviously have a variety of different ways that we move gas from our assets in the Permian basis. GCX is just one of those obviously we have firm transportation on that pipeline or moving gas to [indiscernible]. We also have firm capabilities out of the basin on other pipelines. We really have a mix portfolio where we have firm sales at Waha to people with firm transportation take away. We have our own firm transport going west coming back east, going into Mexico, etcetera. So when we look across the portfolio, we feel very good about our capabilities of moving our gas a lot of it out of the basin some of it with some Waha realized price but most of that based on sales and other locations out of Waha.
Patrick McDonie: Yes. This is Pat and I'll address that. Obviously, our biggest capital spends in the Permian Basin and our biggest growth over the past several years now has been in the Permian Basin. And obviously, we've employed a lot of capital there in the recent past, and those contracts and that activity level is underpinned by the large majors and the large independents. Certainly, we do have some smaller guys that may be more impacted by a slowdown, but generally, if you look at what we've done in the last nine months in the Delaware and Permian, we're 30% increase year on year on the nine-month look. Would we expect a 30% increase with rigs down roughly 16% year on year? Probably not a 30% increase, but a substantial increase. Our Delaware volumes obviously are coming off a smaller base. We would expect continued growth there. The activity level and the commitment of those producers is - we've got a good line of sight on them and we see that activity level being high. The Midland side, you know who our producers are; you've seen their public releases. They have drill bit committed to drilling on the Midland side of the basin, we expect robust growth there. So is there some slow down on some areas? Yes. Is it materially impacting us? Not at all. We see a lot of robust growth. And the good part about it is all of that growth really hits our fully integrated stream. It's coming through our GMP plants and it's all stuff that's going to get into Grand Prairie and down to Belleview and to our export terminal. So it looks fantastic for 2020 for us right now when we look at it.
Patrick McDonie: We have not given that it is moving more towards butane or its historically or I really need you to go back over a number of years have been kind of 8020 Scott, we been closer to 30% or even more so on butane.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to pick up the comments you said earlier about getting to 80% de-based being kind of your expectation for 2020, and was just wondering if that was an average for the year or did that continue to kind of progress over the years, the rates are higher, or is there any ability to kind of keep nudging that number up? I mean it seems like that's a pretty big step change versus where TRGP has been historically. So just wanted to start there.
Jeremy Tonet: And I guess for the open exposure at this point, how do you guys think about hedging? And I'm not sure if you touched on how much you've locked in for 2020 as of now.
Jeremy Tonet: That's helpful, thanks. And just was curious if the agencies had kind of taken notice of this and how this kind of impacts your standings there, given how the business has been changing over time.
