Jennifer Kneale: Thanks, Matt. Targa's reported quarterly adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $428 million. Our performance during the first quarter was driven by strong volumes across our Permian and Badlands G&P systems combined with strong asset performance through our integrated downstream value chain of NGL transportation, fractionation and LPG export services. We recently commenced operations on our new Frac Train 7 in Mont Belvieu and completed our new Peregrine gas plant in Permian Delaware. We remain on track to complete our remaining major growth capital projects underway this year, which means we will be well positioned to benefit when activity levels increase. Considering current market conditions in the low commodity price environment, during the first quarter, we recognized an approximate $2.4 billion noncash impairment charge. The impairment is primarily associated with the partial impairment of gas processing facilities and gathering systems associated with our mid-continent G&P operations and full impairment of our coastal G&P operations.  Turning to hedging. Based on a range of current estimates of producer customer activity levels, we remain substantially hedged for 2020. We have hedged approximately 85% to 100% of natural gas, approximately 75% to 100% of condensate and approximately 65% to 80% of NGL. Supplemental hedge disclosures, including 2021 hedge percentages by commodity, can be found in our earnings supplement presentation on our website. We continue to closely monitor and manage our credit exposure. We have a large diversified customer base across our operating businesses, which includes large integrated customers and other investment-grade counterparties.  Approximately 75% of the revenue from our top 25 customers is from investment-grade counterparties or from customers which provide credit protections. We currently do not anticipate any material credit losses as we are largely in a net payable position in our G&P contracts. And in our downstream businesses, our counterparties are largely either investment-grade or otherwise are required to provide credit protections to secure their commercial arrangements. As Matt described, our 2020 net growth CapEx estimate has been further reduced to now be between $700 million to $800 million. Additionally, we have reduced our 2020 net maintenance CapEx estimate to approximately $130 million.  In April, we extended our accounts receivable facility to April 2021 and reduced our facility commitment size from $400 million to $250 million, to minimize commitment fees, given our expectations for lower activity levels and commodity prices. During the first quarter and through early April, we repurchased a portion of outstanding senior TRP notes on the open market paying approximately $240 million plus accrued interest to repurchase approximately $300 million of notes, which provides approximately $12 million in annual interest savings. We had approximately $2.4 billion of available liquidity as of March 31 and have no near-term maturities of senior notes or credit facilities, with the earliest maturity occurring in 2023.  On a debt compliance basis, TRP's leverage ratio at the end of the first quarter was approximately 4.1x versus a compliance covenant of 5.5x. Our consolidated reported debt-to-EBITDA ratio was approximately 5.1x.  To echo Matt's earlier statements, we believe that with the collective actions we have proactively taken to protect our balance sheet and strengthen our financial flexibility, Targa is well positioned for the long term.  And with that, operator, please open the lineup for questions.
Jennifer Kneale: Shneur, this is Jen. I think, ultimately, it depends on opportunities that the market presents to us. And so we saw the opportunity when our debt started trading at a deep discount in early March to repurchase notes at a very attractive rate made all the sense in the world in terms of interest savings while also reducing our overall leverage. If we get that opportunity in the future, we'll certainly look to utilize some of our available liquidity to continue to execute on that, but ultimately, it just depends on the market opportunity.
Jennifer Kneale: We don't have what I characterize as a single price assumption. We've got a wide guidance range, Colton, and that's reflective of the uncertainty in the current market. Prices are moving around on a daily basis as they do, but it's difficult to say that there's a certain commodity price that's running through our new updated guidance range. It's based on a range of estimates for prices, shut-ins, activity levels, et cetera.
Jennifer Kneale: Yes. I'd say that a significant portion of the $100 million of expected savings is OpEx. And so that does include some reduction in headcount, both in existing positions and then also in a lower expectation for hiring throughout the year out in the field. But our supply chain group, our operations groups are incredibly focused and have been very successful in identifying opportunities to rationalize costs on basically every line item. So you heard Matt mentioned some of them, like chemicals and lubricants, but it's really every single item that we're purchasing, we are trying to purchase better at a lower cost to Targa. So that will continue to be a focus and has been a very big focus of our operations and supply chain group really over the last year, but certainly, that focus has heightened here recently.
Jennifer Kneale: We continue to be focused on trying to enter into, amend, have the best possible contracts. And so that's always a focus for our commercial teams and then for others across the organization that are entered -- involved in purchasing and other things like that. On the gathering and processing side, we've talked fairly consistently over the last several quarters about our efforts to enter into more fee-based arrangements, have more fee-based floors. I think the lower commodity price environment highlights why that's important to us, particularly if we are going to spend capital. Now clearly, we're rationalizing capital. So that's a little less applicable right now. But that continues to be a big focus of ours, really across the organization is trying to improve contracts when we are given the opportunity.
Jennifer Kneale: This is Jen. I think that for the last year-plus, we've talked very consistently about how reducing our overall leverage was the priority for us, the Paramount priority. And as we look forward and look at our profile of generating growing free cash flow as we move through time, it would be available for the repayment of debt just as a result of the dividend reduction plus lower capital spending. That means that we'll have a lot more flexibility than we would have previously prior to the dividend reduction to reduce our leverage more quickly.  So I think that we feel very well positioned from that perspective. I think for anybody that's lived through the last couple of months, having lower leverage clearly would feel better than being in position of higher leverage. And so we've talked about 4x on a consolidated debt-to-EBITDA basis, being sort of a target for ours, but that it was going to take us some time to get there and that we're willing to be patient to get there. I think we have that same patience to get there. But again, the dividend reduction potentially allows us to get there more quickly. Now does 4x consolidated end-up being the right leverage ratio to target or is it lower than that? I think that remains to be seen a little bit, but it potentially could be lower than 4x.  As you can imagine, after we reduced the dividend, we had calls with the rating agencies. And I think those were very constructive conversations, I think that they are appreciative of the steps that we have taken to shore up our balance sheet and to make sure that we have financial flexibility. So certainly, it doesn't feel like that's a catalyst that's pushing us to make different decisions than we otherwise might want to, but again, as we've consistently said for the last year, ideally, we would like for our business to grow into being an investment-grade business because that, again, enhances flexibility that we would have in difficult markets. And so that remains a priority, too.
Matthew Meloy: Sure. Yes, I'd characterize our producer conversation, as I kind of said in the script, very fluid. I'd say even just a few weeks or even a month ago, some producers were giving us estimates for what they believe they were going to shut-in. And this ranges across our systems, really large and small. And we've seen them shut some in only, maybe even a few days or weeks later to come back up and then shut-in a different amount. So we've seen variability even among some producers about what they're going to do and how they're going to execute their shut-in plan. And we've seen others say, we're getting ready to, here's what we're going to do, and we've even seen those plans change. So I'd say producers right now are trying to work through what best makes sense for them. And oil prices are moving around very quickly as well. So they're trying to best balance their downstream needs and obligations versus current prices, and where they're in kind of constant dialogue with them trying to figure out how best to make sure that we can handle the volume.
Matthew Meloy: I'd say, really, and just when the management team here is talking to each one of our different leaders in the business segment, it really just more varies producer by producer. I don't know if I could aggregate that the publics are doing one thing versus the privates. I mean, there's significant variability across system, across region. Some producers have acreage positions in multiple basins and how they're acting in one basin versus another versus a producer who might be acting one way because their production is all in one basin, can be very different, even amongst the same basin. So I think it varies more unique to their acreage position and their economic situation as opposed to whether they're the publics or the privates or small or large.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. I'd say, when it comes to our fracs, we are planning on completing we're -- significant progress on Train 8. So we do plan to complete that. And I think you're right, there are some others who have either slowed down or canceled some of their fracs. So when volumes begin to grow, if they're in a position where they would need some frac capacity, there is that potential. We would welcome that opportunity. What we're looking at for 2020, I don't know that we would see a lot of that opportunity, but as we go out, certainly, that opportunity could present itself.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. Good. Good question there on the shut-ins. We've had, I'd say, extensive conversations with our producers about that. So as we're trying to forecast when there's going to be shut-ins, what should we expect when it comes back. So again, we can be ready. I'd say for the most part, in those producer discussions, they feel like most of that production when they shut-in, we'll be able to bring it back without damaging the reservoir. Could there be some older, really low rate vertical wells and some things which they shut-in and just don't bring back? I think there could be some amount of those as well. But I think for the most part, we'd expect the shut-in volumes to come back and perform well when those volumes do come back. As far as the decline rates, that's tough. I don't have a crisp answer for you on that. I mean, it would be by system. Obviously, there's been a lot of growth in the Permian. So we have newer vintage on average production there where some of our older systems who haven't been growing as much. So it would be steeper there.
Matthew Meloy: Sure. Yes, thanks, Michael. Yes, I'll start on the fracs and then hit on the exports as well, and then Scott, you can fill in too. On the fractionation side, we have significant number of third-party customers, we have long-term fractionation contracts with. A lot of those are transportation in fractionation and a lot of our simple, just fractionation agreements. And then we have additional volumes moving through our system, through our gathering and processing business, which are underpinned by acreage dedications and volumes coming from our processing plants.  So when you look at our fractionation position, we're, obviously, anticipating there would be significant growth from our underlying acreage dedications, but we also have a ramp-up in our commitments in our MVCs. So whether they're T&F or fractionation, they're going to be ramping and these commitments ramp over time. And so that's what gave us the confidence to underwrite 2 trains, Train 7 and 8. So over time, we'll have our own volumes for ramping MVCs and commitments for highly -- a substantial majority, a very large portion of our fractionation position there.  But it's going to take a little bit longer. The ramp is going to take a little bit longer than we estimated when we underwrote those facilities. And we are so far along on Train 8 that there's not much cost savings to be had by delaying that. We can do better on optimizing, as Scott talked about earlier, optimizing our fracs, trying to lower cost by running things a little bit better. So we think it makes sense for us to go ahead and continue with Train 8. And then moving to the export side, we have -- we're significantly contracted. We're highly contracted last year. We're highly contracted right now. And we do have forward contracts that ramp up as we bring LEP3. So as we increase our capacity on the export side, we have more contracts that start as well. So we're highly contracted this year, even when taking into account the increased capacity.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. The numbers I gave, the 10% for Permian and the like was our estimate for what's going to be shut-in in May, kind of relative to current. So if you take kind of April or just kind of where we are kind of entering May, we would estimate 10% of those volumes to be shut-in, in the Permian, 10% in central and then 30% to 40% of the Badlands.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. I'd say we have with 50 million in barrels in Belvieu, we have a lot of flexibility and capabilities to optimize our storage position. And you're right, a good portion of that is leased to third parties. A lot of it is for our own managing the engine out, the Y-grade coming in, the purity products, but we have a significant amount to move wells in from one purity product into another and have some flexibility and fungibility there as well. So I'd say, with our position, it just provides us a lot of ability to optimize that position. And so we feel good about that in this contango market.
Matthew Meloy: So I think given our hedged position for gas, the amount that it's moved around is not a large variable in the guidance range. We have significant amount hedged for 2020. So there's -- it's not a large driver for us in that guidance range. But Jen is right, we looked at this around. We looked at strip pricing as we were going through the volumes and updating it, but we looked at many different cases and many different pricing assumptions. But the gas price variability was not one of the larger drivers in that range.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. I'd say in that downside scenario, which kind of got us to that low end 1.4 number, taking, call it, 30% shut-ins in the Permian for the rest of the year, that's not our base case. I just don't think it's going to be that severe for that long. I said in the script, it's probably more likely going to be a couple to a few months would be if you had to say what's a reasonable guess, maybe a couple to a few months seems like a reasonable guess. But we also qualify, I want to qualify that with we really -- there's a lot of uncertainty. And could it carry on much longer than a couple to a few months? That's certainly a possibility. When does worldwide demand come back? When do people start driving again? It's really hard to say when that demand comes back. So that's why we did want to kind of present a wider range and have a downside scenario that if this lasts longer and the cuts are even deeper than what we're likely going to see in May, how does Targa look? And that's why we kind of went with that wider range and did that. But ours would be -- our best guess would be something less than that downside case in terms of shut-in percentage.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. In terms of the production, we wanted to give you some clarity around that downside scenario related to our most impactful basin, which to us is the Permian because then it moves through Grand Prix and fractionation and export. The other basins are, to some extent, tied in, but not as much. So we did pull the operational guidance for this year and don't want to get too specific on kind of each system, what we assumed for those. I'd say the most impactful one is Permian. And we wanted to give you a sense that it's a conservative range there. I'd just say directionally, it was a higher percentage in the Badlands, and it was a lower percentage in our other regions as the others are more gassy-weighted. So just kind of directionally for those other areas.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. So I mean we looked at shut-in cases. We looked at others where there was less. I think on the top end, we said it at the low end of our previous guidance range and said, let's look at a number of different volume cases, price cases, when things come back. So it's not a one street case, which was the low side, the mid and the high. It was a range of cases and we feel like in a number of those scenarios, they're going to shake out in that $1.4 billion to $1.625 billion. So to get up to the mid or higher, it would be less shut-ins percentage for less duration and doing well on optimization and cost savings and other items. So -- but it's not a discrete case tied to the high end, yes.
Scott Pryor: Shneur, this is Scott Pryor. We definitely look at our entire fractionation facility as a whole. But we will operate those based upon what is most efficient, what is based upon the economics of the inflow of volumes as well as the outflow of volumes needed to fulfill customer contracts. Again, both on the inbound side as well as the outbound side. As we supply customers downstream of that, as we supply export volumes from both propane and butane, we certainly look at it from an optimization perspective. And there's a variety of factors that flow through those analyses, but we are certainly looking at it to optimize what is most efficient and is -- what benefits us from an economic perspective.
Scott Pryor: Michael, I'm sorry, this is Scott. Just to add to that a little bit. When you look at the volumes that we did across the fractionator in the first quarter, obviously, they were very strong. We appreciated the added capacity that came online during March with Frac Train 7. But as Matt alluded to, is we may see the ramp a little bit longer as we fill into the rest of the fractionation capacity that we're adding later this year. With that said, it also allows us the opportunity to reduce our capital exposure for 2020 as well as 2021, which we alluded to clearly in our script, as we talked about our capital spend. So we are positioned well as volume growth starts coming back to the marketplace over time. From the export perspective, we had a nice strong quarter.  And you can see, if you look at the materials that we put out there on our pages, we've had strong quarters, really good dating back to early 2019, every quarter was stronger with the export volumes going across our dock. We continue to see good exports in the month of April, and things are shaping up well. There's still strong demand for exports across the world. And as markets recover in the East, that just actually provides more benefit to us over the long haul. And you've also seen, just from a market perspective, some of the pull-down in production with the OPEC+ nations that adds some benefit to U.S. Gulf Coast volumes going out. So we feel very fortunate to be in the position we are within a very diverse downstream market that supports our upstream production growth.
Scott Pryor: Yes. Charlie, I would say -- this is Scott again. First off, when you look back at the fact that we're adding additional export expansion in the third quarter this year, we talked about that in our script as well. And that is supported by contracts that will be coming online that are tied to that expansion project. So that's the pieces that make us feel very good about the second half of 2020. Those contracts, obviously, flow into 2021, which are both supportive of propane exports as well as butane exports. And so from that perspective, we feel good about the growth. And again, like the fact that we're moving forward with that project coming online in the third quarter. As it relates to the naphtha-based products, there's been some refinery runs that have created some tightness in the marketplace. And some of the heavy-end derivatives that are impacted by that. So we continue to believe that we'll see strong exports for propane and butane, and there'll be limited, I guess, competition for that leading into '20 -- as the balance of '20 as well as 2021.
