Joe Bob Perkins: The change in spreads has not slowed down overall producer activity in our area at all. We have seen some switching month to month of where our producer would prefer for their barrels to be getting off of our system. We expect that to continue. That's why we're trying to provide the multiple outlets off of the system. That's really the short answer.
Joe Bob Perkins: Gas gathering in processing is very much a part of our strategy in the Bakken. We got a lot of work to do. We've been reengineering the existing plant. The third plant is going to be coming on in (inaudible) the second Train is coming on in the third quarter and other third Train in the second quarter. That's way too much talking. Just coming on now, we are working with operators, producers to improve how their system is bringing gas to our gathering system. We've reengineered the plant to better handle too many liquids coming in to the gas and we are going to be improving that over time, we like the upside, and we are trying to help out with the flaring situation.
Joe Bob Perkins: The industry knows that we are looking at condensate splitting projects. And as far as exports are in Galena Park export facility is pretty much committed on what we handle through it right now. We do handle refine products and we are looking at refine products through the Patriot dock not necessarily for export.
Joe Bob Perkins: I am bullish so it's not in our guidance or forecast about the positioning about Coastal Straddles operations. You mentioned the TMS, we've told people we've been benefitting with the [real cost]. We've had discussions with probably most of the producers working on the TMS. We've got existing facilities that can potentially serve that should they have significant gas processing needs. I also think that the position in the Coastal Straddles prospects over the next three years will benefit from increased activity in the Gulf of Mexico.
Joe Bob Perkins: We were trying to be clear on how we felt about our overall guidance at current price levels. Our current price levels are in the below 80s right now for our barrel. And prices will go up and down in around current price levels in our opinion for the remainder of the year. We feel good about our guidance at current price levels. I think I even said that if prices were to go down and stay down below current price levels, we might be a little bit lower than our expectations for 2013 but not materially. And if prices go up from current levels and stay up from current levels, we might be a little bit above but not materially.
Joe Bob Perkins: If you look back historically, our performance on propane versus butane has range from 20% to 30% butane. Prospectively, the large deals GC contracts that we have, have rights to take percentages of butane that would be represented above. And in terms of before the blending season, water born butane isn't as seasonal as U.S. butane is and there wasn't a seasonal a percentage difference over the last year historically.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you, operator. To the extent, anyone has follow-up questions, please feel free to give us a call, you can call me, Jim, Matt, any of the rest of us. Thank you again for your time today and we look forward to speaking with you in the future.
