Joe Bob Perkins: I understand the question Schneur. Targa standalone frequently had high return projects that didn’t hit the radar scope of our investors or kind of the large board approved projects. When we put these together we have even more of those. The Atlas standalone list was the same. And the combined list comes with things that we want on either one of the individual list. Even in this price environment and maybe even more so in this price because we don’t have to run as hard for some of those big project, we get engineers and commercial people, operations people looking for those opportunities. And we can certainly fund high return opportunities, whereas outlays by itself may have add a little bit more cash constraints. Our people like going after those opportunities and that collaborative effort across the teams just keeps turning them up. I expect that will be – will continue to be exceeding our expectations and I know you would like more numbers around that but you ask for more color around it.
Joe Bob Perkins: I’m quite sure that other companies use the term playbook as well. We use the term playbook in an employee presentation in December of last year that became public as it happened to have the word Atlas in it, and I think we talked about it in our year-end call. We absolutely are using that playbook and coming up with other ways of attacking it. And I think because of the experience and urgency of the situation post-Thanksgiving given at last year I’m very proud of our employees. If you look at our financial results just the published you can see traction on the cost reduction scenario. It doesn’t show up everywhere but what I know is we’re making real and significant progress on operating expense reduction, G&A reduction, maintenance cap door reduction all with out reducing safety or reducing our ability to meet environmental regulations and additionally we tell people to think about the small dollars to spend to retain the options to grow, but we’re still getting that cost and cash savings. So, I’m proud of the efforts I’m not comparing myself to others, but internally continue to keep – we intent to keep working on that through 2015 and 2016.
Joe Bob Perkins: We got a close relationship with them. We probably could assume that we’ve got some confidentiality arrangements with them. Sometimes in confidentiality arrangements what you say publicly is driven by what you’re required to say working with accounts and auditors we’ve published what we believe is appropriate for disclosure.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. And its also IDR growth and distribution growth at the partnership, so whereas the previous estimates were 11% to 13%, now 4% to 7% distribution growth, lower associated IDR associated with that you get no depreciation, that’s all taxable income at the IDRs. So with the lower distribution profile that also brought the tax rate down.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. I would say it reflected our current discussion we’ve had with our producers across the multiple basis. So we haven’t -- producer the discussion down the Permian and Mid-Continent, South Texas, North Dakota, across all of our systems and that factored in our best estimates given those producer discussions that we had. And it pointed to potentially lower 2016 volume versus 2015.
Joe Bob Perkins: When we describe the environment, okay and market dynamics, it’s including that full combination, global prices, ship availability, ship availability and supply/demand impact the freight costs, so it’s intertwined and I don’t think I can break it apart for you.
Joe Bob Perkins: We have – our own maintenance work like everyone else, but I won’t say there was anything out of the norm at all particularly for our Q1.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think its multiple factors and uncertainties slowed it down. Some of those are related. But I still believes it’s a question of if, not when and it’s certainly will be driven by customers.
Joe Bob Perkins: And we continue to have opportunities for backlog volumes can quality, I’m not going to quantify them for you, but we are working hard on projects to help with that on the gas side and the crude side.
Joe Bob Perkins: My biggest concern just kind of the way you described it continues to be North Dakota because it’s hard to see where pricing shakes out and what that means for longer term activity in the Bakken. I think its got greater challenges because of the differentials to WTI as well as where WTI might shake up, but it also had some compensating opportunities. More cost reduction available to help producer activity levels. But we aren’t a whole lot smarter than the past few months when we talked about this. We’re trying to work through multiple uncertainties, understanding and getting a better understanding why Basin or how producers are likely to drive their activity levels relative to different price scenarios. But the price scenarios are still uncertain.
Joe Bob Perkins: I don’t have specific projects to describe like that. I would go back to your comment on butane. We have opportunities to export butane, have some long-term options with our shippers to do so. We continue to export butane every quarter. These changes one month to the next about where is the best arbitrage will drive. Our shippers request to use those options and we’re prepared to provide that service propanes, butanes and we sometime look it other projects.
Joe Bob Perkins: And just in case anyone is parsing the text or parsing the answers to the questions TJ, we haven’t changed our outlook from the time we gave guidance with the last distribution declaration. We did provide some additional information and consistent with when we gave distribution declaration additional outlook/guidance, we had seen volumes behave better than our first of your expectations, that was into that guidance of multiple scenarios and what we should provide as a likely occurrence for distribution and dividends, does that help a little.
Joe Bob Perkins: Mike, I think there one could make an argument that the increase scale and diversity might be worthy of a lower target than that, but we haven’t change that target and weather sounds a whole lot like a phrase use with the rating agencies right after the announcement and then the next one the sort of agreement about that but we haven’t changed it and we’re probably not that smart.
Joe Bob Perkins: I had understand the question. We try to signal about as much as we want to do commercially, but that is an appropriate conclusion to come to that with near term lower demand for the short-term contract volumes, those lower spot margins are probably been under more pressure than the term margins. And we got the benefit of some of those higher short term contract margins in the back half of 2014 and we were therefore contrasting what we’re likely to report in 2015 back to the second half of 2014 and I think you have come to the right conclusion.
Joe Bob Perkins: Broadly Permian basin activity is pretty darn good given the price environment and the uncertainty and our volume increases have been robust. We’re looking for little ways to create capacity. I like using the little ways, because they don’t hit your radar scope. How can we add capacity to the Sand Hill system perhaps with small plant tack-on plant, small acquired plant. Heck, we're adding capacity to Sand Hill system by moving gas from Sand Hills to the High Plains, that’s added capacity on the East side and then help a lot on the west side and we move gas around. We now have an expanded and increasingly overtime interconnected footprint of the super system and that allows us to create ways to add small capacity for the benefit of the Sand Hills opportunities. But that’s not the only place that’s growing. I mean, I can’t tell you how happy I am to see the growth in Versado. Michael, you remember how many years we went saying that flat is slightly down. We’re just building up existing capacity there.
Joe Bob Perkins: No, I’d say no change to our strategies. I think going forward put in I’d say maybe slightly more programmatic approach disciplined approach to be kind of putting some on quarter to quarter but it will be the similar you hedge more volumes kind of in the first year and then declined volumes in year two and three for crude NGLs and natural gas.
Joe Bob Perkins: I would say for NGLs even in ethane and propane we could possibly add some hedges and look at some hedges down there. I don’t know that we will get all the ways that kind of made up into our target range 75% year one, 50% year 2, 25% year 3 I don’t know that we get all the way there [Indiscernible] but probably more than zero.
Joe Bob Perkins: Our strategy is not really any different. We look at acquisitions every day. In this environment kind of a little uncertain everyone was trying to be a little conservative and prudent. The acquisitions we like to best are smaller tack-on ones because that won’t have any real impact on our leverage and has an immediate impact on our cash flows. Those are wonderful ones when you find them. Strategic acquisitions that make the current businesses we have better, that gets most attention. A step out without leverage to our existing assets, we still look at but it’s get less of our attention today. And all of that’s fairly natural. Also in the cycle of buyers and sellers before everything starts gets rosier that may be some – be the time for some of the best bargains and we would want not be looking for.
Joe Bob Perkins: Q1 is going to be tough. We only had one month of TPLs in there. So I think if you look at APLs previous G&A and then you’ll have to – it will be lower than – because they have some allocations from APL unless they are going to be going away. There is a line item you can see that essentially says New York and Philadelphia G&A charges on it, that’s not there anymore, but you just have not seen enough and we are going to be working the synergy spread sheet for you and it will be shown in our overall results and very encouraged by how that will all account.
Joe Bob Perkins: I understand the question; our employees on the TPL side were sort of used to providing business unit by business unit detailed in with South Texas being one of dozen business units listed there. I’m not going to go into more detail other than to say based on our past statements we feel good about South Texas and what we paid for it upside potential from where it currently exists and a stronger ability to compete that as the combined companies then Atlas on – with by themselves. If there is anything to announce there or sub sense of materiality we’ll report that in due course but not how it’s going.
Joe Bob Perkins: You know our growth CapEx for the year is about $700 million to $900 million in growth capital. We’ve – our target is about 50% debt, 50% equity and if you look over the last several years we’ve been pretty good at staying for that target. But in any given year we can vary those percentages. So in a year like this, it’s likely to be more skewed to the equity side. Then I’ll just say on equity raises we’ve been active in the ATM. We’ve have good success there. But I am not going to handicap or tip my hat on what we may or may not do. We have all options available to us and we’ll continue to look at all available options and what the best way to raise that equity is. The ATM has been working and with the ATM working that makes those other options even more available if you wanted them.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you, operator. Thank you everyone for your patience and interest in what maybe our record long call. If you have any other questions, feel free to give Jen, Matt, me or any other rest of the team at call. Have a good day.
Matt Meloy: Yes. We made our best estimate kind of given current conditions, prices, volumes that we’re seeing. We thought we would be at about 1.0 times distribution coverage. And so with that 1.0 distribution coverage we thought we would at 4% to 7%. So, it is maybe a bit of a wide range but finding kind of clarity on where things are going to shake out with balance of the year we wanted to give ourselves some cushion.
Matt Meloy: Yes. There are really two large buckets, one of them is the additional benefit from the depreciation we’ll get approximately $1.6 billion amortization of let’s call it goodwill over 15 year straight line in conjunction with closing the Atlas ATLS acquisition. So that’s one piece. The other piece is the amount of taxable income that slows up from NGLS up to TRC through its ownership in the LP units and with the EBITDA on taxable being lower than previous expectations when we put the merger estimates out there for EBITDA and income and the like taxable income is down from there as well. So it’s really those two buckets that brought our tax rate down. It was close to about 2% and Q1 we’ll expect that to kind of increase over the year and we’re currently expecting give or take 5% to 10%, although probably more – probably closer to the low side of that range.
Matt Meloy: No, nothing specific, the frac volumes across CBF are impacted by volumes out in the field which we saw the weather, cold weather can impact volume. It hit our fields a little bit too and it will hit the associated NGL production.
Matt Meloy: The export terminal capacity across the U.S. has expanded. There are now three LPG export facilities in the Gulf Coast and those are connected to the market hub. Our crystal ball on supply for LPG across the U.S. and supplies for LPG’s to U.S Gulf Coast comes with the pretty wide range and we’re trying to work multiple scenarios for it. Broadly I think your question somewhat provided the directional answer and that is decreasing number of wells being drilled and either slower growth or slightly reduced production depending on where you are looking specially as lowered overall supply, but the export terminal still are higher necessary for balancing supply to U.S. demand and then to global demand. You use the term I think of something like a cooling down of U.S. driven supply that helps with the inventory problem you were talking about and it slows the need for additional export facilities but probably says that the export facilities are still necessary to balance supply and demand that’s what exports from the U.S. has always done and I probably don’t have anything more specific in that podium.
Matt Meloy: Our official timeline of sometime in 2016 is unchanged. We have some options for capacity out there, not only the Buffalo plant but there is also 45 million embedded plant out in that area. And then potential they connect to the legacy Targa SAOU systems for capacity as well. So we’ll be working through all of those scenarios and trying to come up with we’re not only meeting pioneers needs but the other producers in the area.
Matt Meloy: We’re foreseeing some reduced activity and completions in that area. You saw sequentially the volumes down a bit, up in that region, part of it is due to the cold weather and just being the winter there is less activity in the first quarter. So far currently we’re seeing volumes not continuing that decline. So far we kind of add or above where we were in the first quarter. We’ll see if that hold, but that’s what we really seen here over the last few lines.
Matt Meloy: You know, TJ, I think I’d just say, we baked in to that assumption kind of flat to low single-digit volume growth. Where we stand today maybe things are looking up bit better but its still early in the year, I think we’re still comfortable that at a 4% to 7% distribution growth range we’ve covered almost all the likely outcomes for our distribution growth for the year and under a range of those scenarios we get to around one, if we’re on the high side of that I think we’re still around one, maybe a little higher. If we’re in the low side of some of those estimates maybe we’re at one or maybe a little below, but we didn’t put a range on distribution coverage for those it takes a fair amount of op margin change to move that needle from around one.
Matt Meloy: And TJ I think the point we wanted to draw was in several of our systems Q1 was sequentially lower than Q4, so we didn’t want to just give you that information and not provide you an update. We aren’t seeing that continued decline we saw in Q1. The Q1 decline we saw in some of our field volumes was due to seasonal weather effects, so we’re bit higher than that, that doesn’t mean we’re bullish and where volumes are going to be for now for the rest of the year. We just wanted to share that data point that you necessary just draw straight line as things have peaks and rolled over. But it’s still early and we’ll have to see where volumes shake out.
Matt Meloy: Back and forth on who's going to answer the question? Of course we look – first thing, we’re not provide 2016 or beyond guidance. But I would say with each quarterly distribution, recommendation we make we look out multiple years and we’re trying to move a distribution growth rate and dividend growth rate appropriately smooth. So, we’re looking out one, two, three, four even five years under multiple scenarios, growth scenarios, sensitivity scenarios, so of course we look at those years, but I’m going to – we’re not going to provide any early indication in the 2016.
Matt Meloy: Well, so as you got those the pieces there, Michael I know your point is Sand Hills, Sand Hills is essentially full, so there’s some minor moves a few million a day up and down, but its all and it has been basically full. So we’re moving 20 plus million a day closer to 525 million a day over the pipeline over to High Plains SAOU. So – and then we’ve seen SAOU quarter-to-quarter relatively flat down slightly due to some weather and seasonal effects but we’re backup a little bit now.
