Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks, Scott. We've covered a lot of ground this morning. Let me briefly summarize our new public expectations or quote on quote guidance provided today. For 2017, we expect dividend coverage in excess of one times assuming, a 2017 dividend 364 per common share. We estimate at least $700 million of attractive growth capital spending based on the projects we highlighted and expect $110 million of maintenance capital spending. We expect average 2017 Permian basin volume growth of approximately 20% over average 2016. In the Badlands, we estimate higher crude and gas volumes year-over-year. In South Texas, we estimate higher average Inlet volumes year-over-year and for our overall field G&P Inlet volumes, we expect at least 10% growth in 2017, compared to average 2016. Downstream, we have export services of approximately two thirds of 7 million barrels per month contracted for multiple years, in each of multiple years. With that summary, and our comments today. I hope you have also heard we are optimistic about the current environment. Thanks in large part to our team’s successful navigation of 2015 and 2016 and the activity levels of customers who also successfully navigated such waters. I am so proud of the work of our employees over the last couple years and a lot of my excitement is driven by the enthusiasm that I am hearing from them across the company relative to the opportunities that they are seeing in the market. In conclusion, looking forward to the rest of 2017 and beyond, we have a number of attractive capital projects identified or underway, and expect to see continued opportunities to build out infrastructure around our assets at compelling returns. We are hopefully soon closing an acquisition that knits together very well with our existing assets and provides additional runway for growth in the most active G&P areas in the country. And we are well-positioned with our existing asset footprint to benefit from domestic market themes, such as ethane recovery, increased G&P activity in the best basins AND increased domestic NGL production, these things, combined with Targa positioning and Targa execution should create upside for our investors. So with that operator, please open up the line for questions. Thank you very much.
Joe Bob Perkins: Section is an interesting word. We have said for some time and we realize that, that it’s not a question of it, just a question of when on Train 6. We are not completely fallen the Targa portfolio of Mont Belvieu-based fractionation, but we don't have a whole lot of room, and we are filling up that room primarily based on Targa's increasing equity barrels flowing to our fractionation. We also want to be able to meet the needs of our customers and if we stay at current price levels, there is going to be a need for additional fractionation. From the time we actually break ground on that, you've seen based on our past track record that that can be done in about a year. Can we do a little faster? Sure, if we were and I don't expect this to be the case, kind of a pushing that ends of the contract without renewal process. We might get started and move a little bit slower. But on average from the time we break ground and people would notice it really quickly when we broke ground and probably tell the markets at the same time, you could count on roughly a year.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think there is risk. It gets too tight at Mont Belvieu at some point because it does take time to build these. At the same time Targa in particular has a portfolio that allows us a little bit of tightness relief valve by pushing NGLs to Lake Charles to fractionate on a temporary basis.
Joe Bob Perkins: Understood, same-store sales is a really interesting question, if take that all the way down to the well, all of the new horizontal wells start up at higher rates, have a fairly rapid first your decline and then that decline slows down. We aren’t about one well at a time. In fact, we hook up entire drilling pads and tank batteries behind - and pads behind existing tank batteries, I would say it’s a multi-store equation, even at the most disaggregated of our connections.
Joe Bob Perkins: And that also makes it capital efficient for our connections. Exit rate for 2016 compared to '17, compared to exit rate 2016 is not granularity we're providing for you right now. And we have multiple forecast, I hope it helps you calibrate your models to look at about 20 - and this is going to be precisely 20, frankly I would take the overall 20% of Targa's Permian in 2017, relative to 2016.
Joe Bob Perkins: You picked up on it. First I'd say I am very, very proud of our engineering group working on different way of approaching these cost and they were able to - you can see it relative to our press events, figure out ways for this to be less costly relative to other 200 million a day plants, built in a different time and a different cost in a slightly way. More importantly we like to thank that we've learned things along the way, a very experienced in building those plants in West Texas and can hold on, capture some of those costs going forward. It would not be fair to - not count the fact that because it's pretty close to another plant we've gained some infrastructure advantages by being close to that plan and every plant comes with associated infrastructure spending and we might have had less on this.
Joe Bob Perkins: I would like add, any plant being added to a multi-plant, interconnected multi-system, set of infrastructure has advantages, cost advantage, asset flexibility advantages, reliability advantages and you are sort of touching over there.
Joe Bob Perkins: Across the portfolio, Scott is now kicking me under a wide table here. Across the portfolio we are always trying to control more liquids instead of less liquids. You should assume that we're working on that and you should also presume that we're probably not going to dissect it into individual agreements and continue to describe them publicly. There was greater visibility on some of those agreements….
Joe Bob Perkins: And any individual producer that shut-in wells to protect while they are fracing have had drilling and pad completion, may be more in drilling mode then completion mode at a particular point in time. But those things tend to even out with each other. I don't think even though we analyze it hard and run lots of forecast, I don't really believe we can give you much more color, rather than to say, its steadily increasing, which was perhaps, that’s our expectation, it’s going to be what it’s going to be, but is going to be up into the right. And 20% average to average is pretty nice growth, and we are not trying to imply that we've got one percent positional of that already…
Joe Bob Perkins: They are both in a very good category, differentiating among that I don't think it’s particularly helpful. It will be - what the producer is doing, we know what the future looks like, in the Midland we've been there, we see it, we've got partner who is highly communicative with us and we're certainly getting closer to closing and with closing we can have been better communication with producers on the Delaware side.
Joe Bob Perkins: But you should not expect particularly years, to years a radical step function of that increase in Train 5 on non-fuel based operating cost that there was also an increase in Train 5 fuel based operating cost.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you very much operator. And thanks to everyone on the call for the patience with the large amount of ground we covered. And with our admittedly typical reticent on Q&A. We look forward to 2017 and for performing for our investors in 2017 and look forward to the next call, next time we'll be talking to you. In the meantime, feel free to contact Lou, Jen, Matt or any of the rest of us. Thank you very much.
Matt Meloy: Brandon, you win, that we did predict that was the first question and we also predicted that Joe Bob wouldn't answer, which is why Scott is going to answer.
Matt Meloy: And just to add to that Joe Bob, I would say when we look at our growth out on the Permian, we see growth really pretty steady across 2017. I don't know that we've forecasted a big step change in the quarter versus the other. There is variability with when some of our customers connect the wells, so it won't be smooth, but our estimate is for a pretty steady ramp across the year, it’s going to be wrong in any given quarter, but we see continued growth just throughout the year.
Matt Meloy: Yes, we talk about it, we intentionally left out any kind of number to put in there, but I guess, what I would say is you know, coming out of the environment we were in and looking ahead of the growth opportunities we have, we have $700 million of growth CapEx here which we anticipate to grow significantly. And we're just - with all the opportunities that we have, we want to take care the balance sheet first. So that’s going to be our first priority. A three to four times target ratio for the partnership, we don’t really plan to change that. We think over time we'll get our consolidated into that range. But don't necessarily have to solve for that no right up front. So I think it’s really just priorities for us and our priorities is going to be on taking care of the balance sheet.
Matt Meloy: And just to add to that Joe Bob, when you look at the all in cost for the plant and related infrastructure it is cheaper than our historical spend for a plant, but that 90 it is also is net, so its 73% interest, so that’s our share of the plant, so the growth is a bit higher than that.
Matt Meloy: Yes, as we're able to reduce the cost and plan and as were adding more plants, we're going to continue to do everything we can to even continue to drive those cost down.
Matt Meloy: Yes, I think that’s likely the volume outlook as we see growth in not only inlet, we're going to see increased NGL production growth too. So we have - we do have some more hedges in place, but then we do have more equity volumes from the growth in our business. So it’s right off of those business.
Matt Meloy: Yes, I mean, we've got a number of different arrangement at different plants and we're always looking to try and get as many volumes as we can through our downstream assets. I don’t recall the term of that exact one that you're referring to. 
Matt Meloy: Yes, it’s good question Darren, we have a mix. So it really does depend on just what growth we see from those assets relative to our legacy assets, and price, the Outrigger acquisition it’s essentially all fee-based, as you recall, so its 98%. We're going to see significant growth. That’s going to be pushing dollar fees higher, so then it’s just really a matter of what happens to commodity prices and our volume that are - on WestTX and other areas where as primarily percentage of proceeds.
Matt Meloy: Yes, it sounds lot like a question we got earlier of the –on the kind of volume ramp. I think as we think about Permian growth across '17, I think we're going to see a steady ramp in volume. At times there are periods where a bunch of compressor stations do come on and we do get some kind of intermediate step changes, but we don't have really good visibility on when those occur, at this second our forecast is for a steady ramp of up of Permian volumes really from kind of now through the end of the year and then continuing into '18.
Matt Meloy: I think we really - we had phenomenal position in the Midland with our existing assets, and we were kind of pushing into the Delaware's for this acquisition with the Outrigger assets, giving us a really good footprint in the Delaware to grow. I think we feel really good about both the Delaware site in the Midland basin.
Matt Meloy: We had a couple of factors hitting OpEx for Downstream, we had the Train 5 coming on and then we also had commodity prices, gas prices move up on a year-over-year, a lot of that OpEx is passed through, the OpEx increases and that’s a variable component to the fee that is passed back to fractionation customer. So part of it just going to depend on where essentially commodity prices are a bit on OpEx' then Train 5 coming on that was the other increase that you saw.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. I guess switching gears a little bit, I have two other remaining questions if I could. Matt, first, I guess, on that NGL sensitivity for '17, it looked like it's escalated a touch from what we were sort of seeing for 2016. I'm just wondering what's driving that. It looks like you're more hedged now, so I'm just wondering. Is that net to the sensitivities on hedges or is there a mix shift in the contracts? Any dynamic around maybe what's shaping that would be helpful.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And then that's helpful. And then, finally, I guess I remember from the 10-K from last year that you had I think it was the Velma agreement with OneOK in the SouthOK system that was set to expire at the end of the year and you were planning to move that volume on to your own downstream network. I don't think the volumes were ever quantified, but I'm wondering, now that that agreement presumably has expired, if you offer any color on that, maybe what the uplift might be on your own downstream position from that contract expiration.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. I didn't know if those were because they were legacy Atlas or because they were significant in size, but they were denoted, and that's the only reason I brought that one up…
