Jen Kneale: Thanks Matt. Targa's reported quarterly adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $419 million increasing 19% over the second quarter. During the third quarter, Targa generated free cash flow of $189 million or $143 million of free cash flow after dividends to our preferred and common shareholders. We continue to focus on our cost production efforts resulting in essentially flat aggregate G&A and OpEx in Q3 versus Q2 despite new assets being placed in service. Looking towards the fourth quarter, we expect OpEx and G&A to be higher while we are very tightly managing our costs we are benefiting from increasing throughput particularly in the Permian through our downstream assets and we will also have more assets in service for the full quarter. Managing our costs continues to be a huge organizational focus and we appreciate the continued efforts of all of our employees. As matt described, our fee based margin continues to increase backed by our significant progress to increase fee margin and fee floors in our G&P business combined with increasing volumes moving through our logistics and transportation assets. We remain significantly hedged for the balance of year 2020 and for full year 2021 and you can find our usual hedge disclosures in our earnings supplement presentation. We continue to estimate 2020 net growth CapEx to be around $700 million with about $520 million of net spending through the third quarter. We now estimate 2020 net maintenance CapEx to be approximately $110 million. On a debt compliance basis, TRP's leverage ratio at the end of the third quarter was approximately 4.1 times versus a compliance covenant of 5.5 times. Our consolidated reported debt to EBITDA ratio was approximately 4.8 times as we continue on the deleveraging path that we expected entering 2020 given most of our major growth capital projects are now online. During the third quarter we successfully issued $1 billion of 4% and 7% to 8% senior notes due 2031. This was essentially a debt for debt exchange as we were able to use the net proceeds to take out our six and three-quarters percent senior notes due 2024 and redeem our five and a quarter percent notes due May 2023 providing significant annual interest savings. We also announced this morning that we recently closed on the sale of our assets in Channelview, Texas which includes our crude and condensate splitter for net proceeds of $58 million. Pro forma for the five and a quarter notes redemption and the sale of the Channelview assets we have about $2.1 billion of available liquidity. As Matt discussed, in early October we announced a $500 million share repurchase program. As of November 2nd, we have repurchased 4.5 million common shares representing about 2% of common shares outstanding for a total net cost of $74 million. Our long-term strategy to reduce leverage and simplify our capital structure is unchanged by our share repurchase program. Over the long term we are targeting leverage of three to four times on a consolidated basis. Over the last several months, we have received questions around our DevCo joint ventures and our strategy for repurchasing our interests in those assets. This morning we publish a slide in our earnings supplement and investor presentation that we hope is helpful and provides incremental clarity around the structure and the performance of the assets. If we assume that we repurchase the DevCo JVs in a single tranche in the first quarter of 2022, which is the representative scenario presented on slide 5 of the earnings supplement the repurchase price is between $900 million to $950 million is an estimate of five to six times multiple on asset EBITDA and the repurchase would be close to leverage neutral. Repurchasing the entirety of the DevCo in the first quarter of 2022 is our current base case assumption and we expect to have plenty of available liquidity to fund the full repurchase. We retain the flexibility to take out the DevCo in tranches and/or to change the timing of takeout but the base case assumption running through our plan is a full takeout at the low double digit fixed IRR in Q1, 2022 which again would be close to leverage neutral. Finally, I would like to echo Matt's comments that our business is performing very well across a difficult year and we are so proud of the exceptional performance of our entire Targa team. Given our performance and the actions that we have taken this year, we expect to exit 2022 in a strong position with a very bright outlook. And with that I'll turn the call back to Sanjay. 
Jen Kneale: Sure Christine. This is Jen. I think there are a lot of factors that will go into our decision ultimately on how we take it out. That's the simplifying assumption that we're making which is that we take it out in a full single tranche in Q1 of 2022, which given our expectations for the performance of the assets is one that structure crosses over from where we would be repaying Stone Peak a multiple on invested capital versus an IRR. So we said in our prepared remarks that with that Q1, 2022 takeout assumption, you would be paying the fixed IRR on that takeout. So one that's a benefit to us. If we take it out earlier we would be paying multiple. If we wait longer, it's a lower cost to us ultimately as we take it out at that fixed IRR. So I think that that's an important element of our decision making. I think ultimately we'll see how the business performs through next year and if it makes sense for us to use some of our available free cash flow after dividends to take out a tranche or tranches early, then that's certainly an option. But, I think the point that we were trying to make with that slide and with our additional disclosures in our scripted remarks was that we could take it out in a single tranche in the first quarter of 2022, and given the strong EBITDA performance of those assets it's essentially a leverage neutral transaction. So it becomes much more a liquidity decision really than a leveraged decision and for us we expect to have significant liquidity over that horizon which is also what gives us that flexibility to be able to take out the full DevCo in a single tranche, if we wanted to. But again, we do have the flexibility to do it in pieces. We have the flexibility to wait longer and we have a lot of flexibility and that's one of the reasons that we liked the structure so much when we entered into the transaction with Stone Peak.
Jen Kneale: There's nothing Michael that we're actively considering selling at this point-in-time. The one asset that you had visibility to previously because we spoke about it publicly what's the potential divestiture of our Midland crude business. After we announced that we had successfully sold the Delaware crude business. So, again there is an active process underway but that's at least an asset new type visibility to us considering selling before. Other than that, as we look across the asset portfolio, I wouldn’t say that there are any significant assets in particular to your specific question that we would consider selling at this point-in-time. But of course everything has to be on the table at all times so to the extent that we get any reverse enquiry around different asset or different positions. We would certainly consider those.
Jen Kneale: Good morning, Tristan, this is Jen. I think for us, we really try to be very deliberate with the words that we used when we announced the share repurchase program. And really try to liken it to the opportunity that we saw earlier this year around being able to repurchase some of our debt. And what we saw were very attractive prices. For us this year, repurchase program is an opportunity in our view to benefit from what we perceive as a market dislocation. And so, as we look forward beyond the $500 million program that we announced. We'll be continuing to look at the best ways to return capital to our shareholders. We clearly are very much focused on the deleveraging plan and we don’t view the share repurchase program as a departure from that in any way shape or form. So, we will continue on that path to deleveraging. I think an important part of trying to articulate that deleveraging story was around the debt cost because it sounded like there were some broad market concerns that that was going to add significant incremental leverage to the target system. So, we try to provide clarity around that today, that we don’t view that as a departure either from that long-term deleveraging plan. I think ultimately we've made a lot of progress on a lot of strategic initiatives in term of adding fee based margin in the GMP business. In terms of rationalizing our capital spending, rationalizing costs et cetera. And I think all of that plus the strong operational performance of our assets this year has just provided us with a lot of flexibility. And so, hopefully we'll be able to continue to realize our flexibility as we look forward while continuing on that deleveraging path.
Jen Kneale: I think to start, we're 1) very pleased that we were able to sell a 45% interest in our Bakken assets for $1.6 billion when we did. And I think that that transaction highlighted at least that point-in-time. Our willingness to really core up around what we consider sort of our bread and butter which is Permian through all of our downstream assets. But we do have other assets that I think also importantly bring a lot of additional benefits to us in terms of also brining volumes further through our downstream assets as well. So, really what you've seen as liquidated at this point are assets just haven’t in our view made sense for us to earn over the longer term and it made sense for somebody else to own. As we look across the cash flow profile, the assets that we have, again I think we're very comfortable with the Bakken exposure that we have right now. Those assets are continuing to perform well better in the third quarter than the second quarter. And better expectations as we look forward for those assets. I think on the Midland side, our teams have done a wonderful job of trying to extract savings from those assets and really optimized the positions that we have in trying to get more volume further through our downstream assets et cetera to make that more of an attractive cash flow profile than it would otherwise be. I think the moving of the Heim Plant highlights our engineering teams creativity to look around our asset footprints where we may have declining volumes and say is there a better higher use for certain assets. And that's a high visibility version of an asset moving. But we're looking all the time at the compression in one area that is less utilized they need to be moved to the Permian for example could be more highly utilized. So, hats off to our engineering and operations teams that are focused on that as well. I think ultimately we're very comfortable with the asset portfolio that we have. And ultimately we'll continue to look at whether we're the right long-term owner of assets. That's part of our job but again we're very comfortable with the assets that we have and the cash flow profile of those assets.
Jen Kneale: Shneur, this is Jen. I think that the EBITDA generation of assets is clearly a very important barrier for all that we're considering in when and makes sense to take out the structure and repurchase those interest. So, I think you're exactly right to the extent that those assets are performing very well which they are. And we've got good visibility I think to continued excellent performance from the assets that were included in the DevCo. Then we get to that sort of multiples of IRR calc change more quickly. And it makes more sense for us to potentially take it our earlier as a result of that. Everything that we put out this morning was just to try to provide a lot more clarity. One, its Stonepeak is benefiting from good quarter-over-quarter distribution as a result of the performance of those assets and so ultimately that reduces the overall end payment that we need to make to the important point that from our point-of-view it's not a significantly leveraging transaction in any way shape or form. It's again really more about liquidity than anything else. And ultimately I think that our continued strong performance across Targa is helping us to feel like we've got more flexibility to potentially move more quickly on taking out those DevCo interest. But a key element of the structure is definitely when it flips from that multiple to IRR and that's a key area both that we are considering when we thought about the base case that we were going to present today for one we are thinking about taking it on.
Jen Kneale: I think for us right now, clearly the share repurchase program is again a view on the market dislocation and so that's why we need quickly to put a program in early October and that's why you've seen us to be active under that program already. So, as we look forward, I think it's really the performance of our assets that reduce capital spending that has given us the flexibility to put in that share repurchase program and to already be successful repurchasing shares under it. And so, we'll be continuing to look each quarter what's the best use of our free cash flow, what's the best use of our liquidity. Positions us best for creating long-term shareholder value and we'll be making the decisions on what and when to repurchase and or to pay down on the debt side as a result of all of those variables.
Jen Kneale: Our profile is significantly increasing free cash flow as we look out over the horizon. We also have a lot of liquidity. So, ultimately it would depend on that quarter how exactly we execute on whether it's drawn all under the revolver or we're using available free cash flow. I would expect it to be combination, Shneur.
Jen Kneale: No Keith, to the extent that we've got maturities that are callable. For example, we could use available free cash flow to reduce the overall quantum of debt that we have by using that free cash flow to potentially call different series of notes. We also do expect some continuing spending and sort of the extent that we've got any liquidity drawn on the revolver which we currently do at small borrowings at both TRP and TRC. Then we'll be using available free cash flow to reduce debt at those revolvers as well which would just reduce again in the overall amount of debt that we have in our system.
Matt Meloy: Yes. Good morning. Yes, as we look at 2021, I think we're encouraged by the strong performance that we've seen in the back half of this year especially across our Permian footprint. So those volumes continue to be resilient, showing good growth this quarter and I think that sets us up well going into 2021. So we anticipate giving 2021 CapEx and EBITDA guidance in February. I think when you look across some of the pluses and minuses I think in this price environment we still see some growth in the Permian. You've got still strong producer activity on our system with higher GURs is going to set us up well, but we do have declines that are happening in the central area as well. So there is some, we need to get through the planning process and see how those kind of shake out as we get into 2021 but those are some of the pluses and minuses.
Matt Meloy: Sure. So yes I guess we'll handle that in two parts. First on the consolidation on the upstream, we have seen a lot of that. I'm going to hand it over to Robert Muraro our Chief Commercial Officer who kind of gives some perspective about how that may impact us.
Matt Meloy: Yes. Well said Bob and then on the consolidation and what it looks like on the midstream side, I'd say for us we're really focused on our integrated platform, focusing our investment on organic growth. We're not lacking a key piece of the puzzle that we're really looking to bolt on or that would make Targa complete, we have an integrated platform. We have a really good Permian position and so we're in a strong position as we look forward multiple years really just servicing the existing assets and customers that we have. So we're going to be focused on organic growth. There is a pretty high hurdle for us to go look at something that would be a bolt on.
Matt Meloy: Yes. I'd say as it relates to where they're both large customers of ours and to Bob's point we've had good relationships with really all parties involved there. I think it's going to have to play out overtime for, is there a change in how they're looking at, what their reinvestment is, how many rigs they're going to have on the acreage and how they're going to allocate capital. But, I think to Bobby's point is, over the longer term as these companies get larger flow assurance being connected to a scale, system like we have we think over the longer term is going to be beneficial. We don't see any real big impacts near term. It's going to be over the longer term how it plays out I think.
Matt Meloy: Sure. Good morning Michael. Yes so for the G&P contract, I'd say it's a combination. It's largely in the Permian is where we're having, I'd say the most successful, we're continuing to invest for our customers and needing to protect the underlying investment. So in some cases it's adding a fee floor to contracts and others, as we look forward and get extensions and renewals and others where changing POPs and making it fee-based with POP or putting in floors for POP, it's a combo of all of those things and it depends on the customer relationship and what they prefer. We can be flexible on it. What we're really just trying to do is making sure we can protect. So, the underlying investment so we can continue to service our customers and hook up wells in the line.
Matt Meloy: Sure. I'd say in terms of the ramp and the volume, in the past when we brought on plants out in the Permian Midland really starting back with Joyce Johnson and Brooke. Now gateway, is and we bring an incremental plan on, it's typically pre-highly utilized fairly quickly. I think that would be our expectation with this current plant. We bring it on, it's going to be highly utilized. And we pointed to about $90 million of CapEx for this, that's going to for the most part almost all of it's going to be next year in 2021 with a little bit of spending this year. As you look forward to CapEx next year, we pointed this year to the low end around $700 million for this year. I would expect 2021 to be meaningfully less. Even with the addition of that Heim Plant, meaningfully less in 2021 than 2020. We're still working through the budgeting, working through what our producers sign with the compression and pipeline needs and that's going to be but I would expect this is even with the Heim Plant be meaningfully less than this year's CapEx.
Matt Meloy: Yes. I'd say we'll always consider and look at other opportunities that could make sense for us over the long-term. And could there be something with significant synergy potential which look attractive to us I guess theoretically. But when I think we feel pretty proud of our Permian position in our asset position. And so, if there was anything like that, MLE's or others, it would have to be very attractive for us to be issuing TRGP here for someone given our strong Permian position in our outlook. So, I guess any of those are not off the table, we're trying to be smart about all those things. Look at those things, we just feel like we're in a really good position without doing that trend any kind of transaction like that. And just execute on our business plan, focus on what we have in front of us. And it's going to deliver very good returns to our shareholders over time. And then announcing the share repurchase here recently, I think it's evident of how strong we feel about TRGP in our business outlook.
Matt Meloy: And just to add to that too. As Jen said earlier, our repurchasing of the debt, that was more about liquidity. So, it's not we need to do one at the expense of the other. We have enough liquidity to repurchase shares. We have enough liquidity to go on to repurchase DevCo's. So, when we repurchase the DevCo's, it's going to be leveraged neutral, maybe slightly leveraging but pretty much leverage neutral. So, one doesn’t go with the expense of the other necessarily.
Matt Meloy: Sure. Yes, good morning Colton. For 2021, we gave a $200 million number that was in the kind of downturn in the second quarter. And it would it assumed a very kind of base level modest level of spending. Kind of the very I'd say downside case or low side case for that. And it did not have any incremental processing. So, the 90 would be incremental for that. Yes, as we're going through the budgeting and looking through what we expect for 2021, I would expect there to be more kind of base level spending relative to that 200 and then you'd add the $90 million of processing on top of that. Those are going to be right now it could be somewhere in between the 200 and 700. We do think it's going to be significantly less than the 700. So, I'm not trying to imply, we think it's going to be approaching that number at all. It's going to be significantly less than the 700. But I would expect it to be more than the 200.
Matt Meloy: So, when we look at the export business. Certainly, we had a very strong quarter averaging a 9.5 million barrels per month. We do expect the fourth quarter to be even stronger. We had a partial quarter on our phased and expansion which was inclusive of our new refrigeration unit at Galena Park at our export facility. So, getting the full benefit of a fourth quarter. We expect the volumes to be up as a result of that. With that said, also the additive of that phased and expansion we brought on new contracts. So, we are highly contracted, we expect the volumes to be stronger in the fourth quarter. The market is still has a strong demand for products across the globe with continued focus on the east. And so, we look at that and say well we're highly contracted. But we will continue to look for every opportunity to squeeze cargoes in between the contracted cargoes that we have and being very reliable to those term contracts and liftings that we have. But we'll look for every opportunity to optimize and in between those.
Matt Meloy: Sure. When you look at the growth to the east, a lot of that growth is still driven by China and by India. And certainly when you look at China, there the continued growth and expected growth over the next several years is going to continue to be focused on PDH plants. Propane Dehydrogenation plants. In India, it's really more of a domestic queue. And as the state of India continues to really improve its infrastructure, there is still several billion people obviously in India and many of those are without an appropriate energy source. And so, the ability to put the infrastructure in place by other parties to get this clean burning source of fuel into India is really where we see a lot of growth. So, India and China are going to continue to be the primary source of growth that we see in the east. We've also seeing good demand in Europe, you mentioned that some of that comes more on the backs of refinery shut downs and the need in petrochemical plants where we've seen some movements in butane and other products. So again, global demand continues to grow. There is a need for a clean burning energy source which is propane and butane, much better than the use of coal or other solid waste material. So, we think the horizon looks very good for continued growth and a lot of that incremental demand is going to come from the U.S. where the production continues to climb.
