Joe Bob Perkins: Okay. First to kind of correct so everybody understands, we’ve got about 38 million a day of processing capacity right now in the Badlands, but that’s a bit of a miss number because you beat NGLs not Mcfs and this is very high liquid content gas. But in any event that 38 million a day rating for our current capacity with some work in the additional plant will go up to about 80 million a day, so we’re doubling the plant capacity hopefully here in the recently short-term. And $180 million of CapEx really is our best estimate for 2014 to try to meet the producer demand and most of that is focused on just handling our dedicated acreage as we build out the footprint and the plant for that footprint.
Joe Bob Perkins: Brad I did enumerate, I will kind of repeat that we had high international demand for spot, I’ve said that first so it was the largest factor and we’ve benefited from that. That secondly, we had volume increases that exceeded expectations despite a very cold winter. And I said thirdly, that prices were up considerably from the $0.09 a gallon. And without giving you the exact numbers that’s pretty much in rank order.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, I won’t try to speak to other person’s expansions, but our original capability at both propane and butanes semi wrap. And if you went back overtime that was probably up to even a third butane. As we expanded our export project it gave us the capability to handle more butane as well and most of our term contracts give customers the right for butanes. You add refrigeration you can refrigerate butane at pumping capability and pipes and dock capability the butane can go with and sometimes it goes on the same ships.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. And we’ve got separate systems and yes you have to think of it that way, that’s the right way to think about it Brad.
Joe Bob Perkins: We’re still involved in discussions I think that that demand remains high and we’ve got some facilities that are pretty well positioned for the right project.
Joe Bob Perkins: I understand the question. But you kind of started with an if, it was high just because of some unexpected spot cargoes, then I'm going to build coverage with it. And that was how you started the if. I feel very comfortable with our distribution and dividend guidance, and our dividend guidance had a level or exceed that level.
Joe Bob Perkins: That's two separate questions, on the first question the or better, depending on the causes, I don’t know another way to explain my or better, I think I underlines it in my notes, if I didn’t emphasize it I meant to. And I don’t think it’s going to be worse. Then you said what happens with $75 crude price. Is that a differential caused to WTI? Is that a world recession? And what are the expectations of producers for what the price is going to be in the future will determine their activity. As long as producers remain active I don’t see downside to our activity, or the guidance.
Joe Bob Perkins: We don’t think it caps it. And I am not sure I’m not the Panama Canal expert. We know some people believe that the Panama Canal will sort of arb the difference in transportation and that it won’t matter, it will be a little bit, transportation will be a little bit shorter but they'll pay the difference at the Panama Canal. So none of our contracts are dependent on the Panama Canal getting finished, some of our contractors go beyond that dimensions, I'm sure it's impacting how the users of those contracts think about their shipping. But I don’t see it as a major difference. I see it as a potential upside to exports longer term once people figure out how to use it.
Joe Bob Perkins: My view is that the recent pricing and logistics issues are a transitory issue. The longer term issues and trends haven’t changed. This was a very, very cold winter and propane wasn’t in the right places.
Joe Bob Perkins: We have had discussions about ethane exports. We understand the technology. We can do that. The challenges of an export project; start first with challenges on the other side of the water combined with a willingness both that customer to term up supply at Mont Belvieu-based pricing. If we received such a contract we would undertake such a project, and it will take a couple or three years to get it done after the announcement.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, taking them in order of activity, the Galena Park expansions have been going on for some time and we’ve got a little more land and a little more space and the ability to do more things in the future at Galena Park. Moving next to Channelview, great deal of activity, we acquired acreage after, we first acquired the project we have added tankage and we got other projects in the works. And I sort of addressed that relative to the condensate splitter question a little while ago. Patriot, we purchased, has less activity on it. But it's nicely located most likely to help with condensate splitter or other petroleum logistics opportunity, but could have some utilization associated with our LPG exports down the road, it’s nicely situated.
Joe Bob Perkins: The major assets changing hands in the Permian have not really affected competitive landscape in my opinion, the big change is just so much activity in this giant trend going from vertical to horizontal. And there is a lot of room to go on that too, if you look at the percentage of horizontal in the Permian Basin. We like our position and we try to play primarily in, around and between those positions. SAOU nicely positioned on the East side of the Permian Basin, Sand Hills and what you might call sort of Southwest of the Permian Basin and we’re linking those two together, which really gives you sort of coverage and ability from the West side of Sand Hills all the way to the East side of SAOU. Then I’d like to mention Versado just because it’s so fun to see that throughput volume growing after waiting for the shale revolution to get to it and we’re expanding with pipe to underutilize processing capacity there.
Joe Bob Perkins: Those are our official numbers right now, I think they’ve put out a new Q1 Investor Presentation on the web for this caller or immediately afterwards and that’s what those numbers will still reflect.
Joe Bob Perkins: There were ups and downs associated with that description. First on the Gathering & Processing side, plants performed very well considering the weather, but there was some impact during the cold waves. That impact was more than offset by sort of the unexpected strong performance not in the cold waves and pricing. Then the wholesale propane and our natural gas liquids logistics businesses, just worked very, very hard to try to help meet demand and there were some cost involved with that and there were some profits involved with that. I sort of gave a description of impact in Q4 that might not repeat in 2014 and it didn’t quite hit that list.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you operator and thank you everyone who attended, and for your patience on this call. We love talking about the business, hope we’ve covered the things you wanted to cover. If you have any other questions feel free to contact Jen, Matt or any of us. Good day.
