Sanjay Lad: Thanks, Carmen. Good morning and welcome to the first quarter 2021 earnings call for Targa Resources Corp. The first quarter earnings release along with the first quarter earnings supplement presentation for Targa Resources that accompany our call are available on our website at targaresources.com in the Investors section. In addition, an updated presentation has also been posted to our website. Statements made during this call that might include Targa Resources' expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our latest SEC filings. Our speakers for the call today will be Matt Meloy, Chief Executive Officer; and Jen Kneale, Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, the following senior management team members will be available for Q&A, Pat McDonie, President, Gathering and Processing; Scott Pryor, President, Logistics and Transportation; and Bobby Muraro, Chief Commercial Officer. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Matt.
Sanjay Lad: Just the non-controlling interest production being lower quarter-over-quarter as a result of some of the joint venture assets.
Sanjay Lad: Great. Well, we thank everyone for participating in this morning's call and appreciate your interest in Targa Resources. The IR team will be available for any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you and have a great day.
Jennifer Kneale: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. Targa's reported quarterly adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $516 million, increasing 18% over the fourth quarter. The aggregate net benefit from the winter storm, lower operating in G&A expenses and higher commodity prices drove the sequential increase in adjusted EBITDA. Commodity prices meaningfully increased quarter-over-quarter. And while we are significantly hedged, our Gathering and Processing segment gross margin directly benefits from higher prices across our unhedged equity exposure and to the extent prices are above our fee floors. During the first quarter, Targa generated free cash flow of $336 million, which, as Matt mentioned, was utilized to reduce our aggregate debt balance significantly. And our consolidated reported debt-to-EBITDA ratio was approximately 4.3 times at the end of the first quarter, which was a reduction from 4.7 times at year-end 2020. We did make a reporting change that you may have noticed, beginning in the first quarter of 2021, we now include certain fuel and power costs, previously included in operating expenses, in product purchases and fuel to better reflect the direct relationship of these costs to our revenue-generating activities and align with our evaluation of the performance of the business. Prior periods have been updated to reflect this change. We remain significantly hedged for 2021 and continue to add hedges for this year and beyond. Relative to when we last reported in February, we added incremental hedges across most commodities as we benefited from higher prices, particularly in the prompt year. You can find our usual hedge disclosures in our quarterly earnings supplement presentation. As Matt mentioned, we are increasing our full year 2021 adjusted EBITDA estimate to be between $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion. Our updated financial estimates assume full year 2021 WTI crude oil prices to average $60 per barrel, NGL prices to average $0.60 per gallon and Henry Hub and Waha natural gas prices to average $2.75 and $2.65 per MMbtu. Given the strength of first quarter adjusted EBITDA and the seasonality of some of our businesses, we expect second quarter adjusted EBITDA to be lower than ramping through the back half of the year, providing significant momentum heading into 2022 as we expect to end 2021 with reported leverage of around four times. Also, we would expect aggregate OpEx and G&A to be higher in the second quarter as some costs shifted from the first quarter related to the winter storm. In Q2, aggregate OpEx G&A is estimated to more closely approximate the fourth quarter. We continue to be very proud of the organization's efforts on reducing costs, and this will continue to be an area of focus across the company. Our 2021 CapEx estimates remain unchanged with net growth CapEx to be between $350 million and $450 million and net maintenance CapEx of approximately $130 million. There is no change to our near-term capital allocation strategy. To continue to improve our leverage ratios and simplify our corporate structure, we are making significant progress on advancing towards our long-term consolidated leverage ratio target of three to four times as we continue to focus on improving our corporate ratings and becoming investment grade. There is no change to our assumption that we will repurchase the DevCo interest in the first quarter of 2022, which would generate additional EBITDA in 2022 and beyond and be about leverage neutral. Shifting to Targa's focus around sustainability and ESG, we continue to advance our efforts and internal initiatives in this area. We recently announced the formation of a Sustainability committee at the Board level, which will report to the Board on a quarterly basis. Targa has also joined the ONE Future Coalition, and we plan to publish our next sustainability report in the fall. Finally, I would like to echo Matt's comments. Targa continues to benefit from the strength of our integrated business, and we remain exceptionally well positioned for the long term. On behalf of management, we would all like to say thank you to all of our Targa team for continuing to prioritize safety and providing best-in-class service to our customers. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Sanjay.
Jennifer Kneale: I'd just say, Jeremy, that being ahead of schedule essentially gives us more flexibility. And so from our perspective, that flexibility doesn't change the base plan that we articulated in our scripted remarks and that Matt just reiterated, which is really reducing leverage, improving our ratios and then simplifying both taking out the DevCo and redeeming the TRC preferred. So those will continue to be our areas of focus, which is very consistent with how we've been talking about our capital allocation strategy over the last many quarters.
Jennifer Kneale: Shneur, this is Jen. I don't recall saying that we could meet the high end of our guidance range without changing any of our volume expectations. But I think that the guidance range that we put out today is one that is higher for a variety of factors. We've actualized the first quarter. We did benefit from the storm to the tune of $30 million, which is certainly additive. And then as we look forward over the rest of the year, I think just a continued expectation of strong operating performance. Matt gave some color on where our volumes sort of sit today. And again, I think we just feel better about the base performance of our business as a result of where volumes are and really, the fact that it feels like maybe there's light at the end of the tunnel around COVID. So that's providing I think a little bit of a tailwind as well just in terms of more macro stability and how that relates to Targa. Clearly, to the extent that we continue to benefit from higher commodity prices that will be additive to what we published today. To the extent that we have higher commodity prices that result in more activity levels, then that could obviously increase our expectations for volumes for this year. So there are a lot of factors at play. But I think that it feels like we've got a lot of momentum right now, and that momentum is creating a lot of flexibility, and that's what we're really excited about. And importantly, it's really the base business that's creating a lot of that momentum along with discontinued management of costs related to our base business activities, which, again, the organization has done a really good job of doing. We haven't provided a lot of color around exactly where sort of the fee floors are set and what the upside at different commodity prices means related to our fee floors. But what we have done is consistent with what we published in February, the commodity price sensitivity that we have for our business that we published also in our earnings supplement and broader presentation today, that encompasses our expectations for additional margin from not only just direct commodity price appreciation on unhedged volumes, but also if prices move higher, what that would mean for our fee floors. And then there are a variety of other factors that are also included in there. So I do think that that's a pretty good sensitivity related to performance of aggregate Targa business in higher commodity price environments.
Jennifer Kneale: We've talked a little bit about the EBITDA expectations from the DevCo buy-in. And so there, you've got Train six and GCX, which are relatively stable cash flows. Those essentially have been full since they came online. So really, the upside asset that's within the DevCos is Grand Prix. And so from our perspective, certainly, Grand Prix is continuing to perform phenomenally well, but it's not changing that base case assumption that we'll take out the DevCos in a single tranche in Q1 of '22, which is an assumption that I think has been well received. It's easy I think for investors and potential investors to understand, and it is consistent with what our base plan is, and that plan hasn't changed. Clearly, the second part of what we characterize as our corporate simplification prioritization is redeeming the TRC preferred, and that steps down to 105% at the end of the first quarter of 2022. And I think if you look at where our balance sheet is expected to be at that point in time, we have a lot of flexibility. And our continued outperformance would just enhance that flexibility. And so I think you're absolutely right that, that is definitely a priority. And that is, again, very consistent with what we've laid out over the last many quarters, which is our simplification isn't really complete until the TRC pref is also redeemed.
Jennifer Kneale: Colton, this is Jen. We generally are a little bit opaque about the benefits that we get within the marketing business just because there tends to be a lot of moving pieces each quarter and we tend to have marketing benefits each quarter. So I'm not going to really get into the specifics here. But you'll recall in 2020 that we benefited from being able to enter into trades when there was a lot of contango in various commodity markets. And so you're seeing some of that be realized as we really moved through time, going back to earlier in 2020. And in particular, we did benefit in the first quarter from that. And then there were also some storm-related benefits, which, again, we're not going to get into the specifics of, but those were also factored into the outperformance for the marketing business.
Jennifer Kneale: That's primarily the delta that I think you're looking for, is we do expect that we'll see higher aggregate OpEx and G&A in the second quarter. And then we'll be continuing to try to manage those costs as we move forward through the year, but a little bit dependent on volumes and also just dependent on higher costs. And there are some elements that we need to purchase for our operations where we are seeing some increases in costs. But our guys are doing a really, really good job of managing costs lower everywhere across our businesses. So we'll continue to look for outperformance in that realm as we move through the rest of the year.
Jennifer Kneale: Related to non-core asset sales, there's no update. We don't have any processes underway right now. But as always, we're looking across the portfolio to see if there's anything that makes sense for us to divest.
Jennifer Kneale: Tristan, we've been fairly open that our minority stake in Gulf Coast Express is certainly something that we could consider selling if it made sense to the right counterparty at the right value. That is one of the assets that is in the DevCo. So that clearly complicates any process that we might want to undertake in the relative short term. But that's definitely something that we will continue to evaluate, particularly as we think about taking out the DevCos and then owning that full interest again in Gulf Coast Express. That's certainly one of the assets that we've previously identified as an asset that we could potentially divest.
Jennifer Kneale: Frankly, it's something that we are continuing to assess, Keith. So continued outperformance this year will give us more flexibility, more capacity to potentially redeem parts or more of the TRC preferred earlier. I think our ability to effectively take out the DevCo and the TRC pref is largely dependent on where our leverage is and what our pathing looks like with the rating agencies. I think that's a big component that we'll be continuing to assess really as we move through the rest of this year and into next year. So would we have the liquidity to do it and the ability to do it concurrent or around the same time in 2022? I think yes. But what are the implications of that with the rating agencies related to our leverage ratios, et cetera, is something that we'll be continuing to assess again as we move through the rest of this year and into next year.
Jennifer Kneale: That's right. To Sanjay's point, the non-controlling interest cutback was lower in the first quarter than it was in the fourth quarter. And that's because our joint ventures were largely impacted on the negative side from some of the volume variances quarter-over-quarter as a result of the winter storm. And a lot of the aggregate net benefits that we've talked about was really more at sort of the corporate level.
Jennifer Kneale: We generally have marketing benefits that we're able to realize each quarter. And it's really dependent on market dynamics, et cetera, for what we benefit and where we benefit across our businesses when you look at a quarter-by-quarter basis. So as I mentioned, in the first quarter, we did benefit from some realized gains associated with contango trades that we entered into when there was steep contango in various commodity markets back in 2020, and some of that was realized in the first quarter. Some of that was also realized in the fourth quarter, but there was more sequential benefit in the first quarter than the fourth quarter.
Jennifer Kneale: I think that new information in the revised guidance was a lot of different elements, some of which we've talked about on the call. But I think there's also, frankly, just less conservatism in our guidance because we're now one quarter through the year. So we've got one quarter that's actualized where we actually had additional benefits from the winter storm that we previously had not expected. I think we also, again, feel like there's good stability related to where we are in terms of COVID and the potential future impacts on our business as a result of COVID and then there is continued commodity price tailwinds, and we were seeing I think pretty steep backwardation in commodity price markets when we came out with our guidance. So to the extent that we're able to continue to realize the benefits of those as we move through the rest of the year, that's certainly a benefit. And we're also seeing some of the benefits from higher prices on volumes, which, to Matt's point, is why we haven't changed any of our volume guidance despite volumes being lower in the first quarter than we certainly would have expected when we first came out with guidance.
Jennifer Kneale: We have been a very strong, high-yield credit, Sunil, and I think have definitely benefited from that. But as we look forward, the benefits to becoming investment-grade and being a strong investment-grade credit are more than just financial. Our ability to issue longer-term debt, for instance, is a positive. The fact that generally, the market for investment-grade debt stays open versus we have had to successfully sort of reopen the high-yield market more than once through Targa's history. So those are also financial benefits. But I think just in terms of working with counterparties, being investment-grade is a benefit as well. It changes that dialogue a little bit, makes it a little bit easier. And so I think that we see a lot of both intangible and tangible benefits. And that's why this has always been a priority of ours. We've always just articulated that we expected the business to sort of get to investment-grade naturally over time as our growth capital spending came down, as our leverage ratios improved, as we benefited from increasing EBITDA, higher fee-based margins, more fee floors. So a lot of our efforts over the last couple of years have really been to set up this path to investment grade, and we certainly think it's one that we're on today and one that we think is important to us over the long term. We've all lived through a difficult last many years. And I think being investment-grade has shown its benefits to those credits that have been strong investment grades through a lot of volatility.
Matthew Meloy: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. I'll touch on capital allocation and let Jen kind of fill in some additional comments there. Our overall capital allocation priority is on leverage reduction. You saw us do that in the first quarter. That's going to be our priority to try and make progress towards getting ratings increases, towards investment-grade and getting into our target, three to 4 times. So that is going to be our overriding priority there. And then on your second point in terms of CapEx pressure, with increasing volumes, we are optimistic that Permian volumes are going to continue to grow year-over-year. We do have capacity out in the Permian Delaware. So we really think in terms of CapEx pressure where you're going to see it is on that Permian Midland side. And I mentioned in my remarks, we're evaluating right now the timing of when we may need to add another plant out there. With volume currently running around 2.7 Bcf a day, we're kind of hitting our capacity. So we're going to need the Heim Plant to come on. We do have some ability to stretch beyond nameplate and provide us some cushion for that next plant. But we're evaluating right now that next plant. And that's for the tune of about $150 million, which would be spread out over the bill cycle. So it's manageable. We can still continue to generate free cash flow, deleverage and make progress with all of our goals even in an environment if we see some more strength on volumes. And then, Jen, you want to add anything more on the capital allocation...
Matthew Meloy: Yes. Sure. Yes. In terms of broader energy transition, we think NGLs, crude gas are going to be here for decades to come, and we're really well positioned within that environment. That said, we will continue to look at other opportunities. We mentioned on our previous calls, we'll evaluate are there some renewable projects that we could either support or help underwrite with commitments to off take some electricity, whether it be solar or wind. We're continuing to evaluate those projects. And then on the carbon capture front, we are taking a look at that. So we have folks internally that are looking at can we aggregate CO2 and either sell the CO2 or sequester it and just put it down hole. So we are evaluating that. I would say that does fit what seems like more of our core competency, gathering CO2, putting it in a pipe and then moving it. So we are looking at that. I'd say we're in the early stages of that. And whether the 45Q credits are enough or not, I'd say right now, it's still too early. We're in the scoping and seeing if something could work out there. But we are evaluating that as that one seems that may have more potential. But for any additional capital that we would spend, whether it's carbon capture or anything else, it would have to generate strong returns relative to our other organic growth opportunities and if -- so there may be some projects that we help support, and we can find other sources of capital if it's not meeting our threshold.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. I think once we kind of achieve our target leverage ratio, hit the simplification that Jen talked about, then the best way to return capital, look at our free cash flow and whether it's more organic growth or dividend or share repurchase, that will be evaluated with the Board and then decided about what the right - appropriate way to distribute that is.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. Sure, Michael. Yes. We have seen really strong NGL prices across the board. And you're right. On propane, inventories are low, and we've seen strong pricing there. That could have some impacts for the shorter-term kind of uncontracted volumes as we go through the remainder of the year. We have significant contracts in place. We feel good about our base business. For the remainder of the year on the export side. But if there is some strength in pricing there, we do have upside exposure through our G&P business. So we have some offsets there. So overall, higher NGL prices, generally speaking, are going to benefit Targa. There may be some offset to some shorter-term opportunities in export. But I think, overall, higher propane prices, other NGL prices, is likely going to be a positive for us.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. Sure. I'm going to - we don't like to talk about specific customers and contracts that we have in play. So I'm going to answer that more generally, Michael. I think as some of our larger customers in general are growing, whether it's in the Delaware or Permian Midland side, as they grow, we have good relationships with those larger customers. I think in the short term, it's not going to be -- have any material impact, really positive or negative for us. But over the longer term as the larger guys, the relationships we have with our customers continue to increase, over the longer term, it is a good thing for us. So the consolidation on the upstream side longer-term is a -- we view it as a net positive for us.
Matthew Meloy: And there is some seasonality in our NGL business on the wholesale refinery services side, which generally has a better Q4 and Q1 as there's more sales in the winter. So there is some, all things equal, softness in the second quarter relative to the first quarter because of that. But Jen's right, I'd say it's largely probably more on the OpEx side, but then partially due to some seasonality as well.
Matthew Meloy: Sure. Yes. We're evaluating and kind of have evaluated and are continuing to evaluate the best plan to put in for the next plant. Right now, the reason I said the $150 million that I think we're leaning towards putting in a new build there, just for timing and just other factors that makes the most sense. So we think it's likely going to be a new build. That $150 million reflects new build. And then depending on infrastructure, one of the lead time -- long lead time items is getting electricity out of these plants. These are typically electric plants. But I'd say, think of it as kind of '18 months or so, 12 to 18 months, depending on how much -- how far you have to go and the like. So that gives us confidence that we'd be able to do something in the back half of '22.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. Really depending on when we greenlight and, say, we're seeing enough strength in volumes, it could have some impact to CapEx this year. We didn't change our CapEx guidance. We had really strong performance on our growth CapEx in Q1. So I think it remains to be seen whether we need to update our CapEx or not depending on the timing of that plant because we do have a range in there.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. And we have seen some input costs increase. So you're right, steel and just a number of other commodities have increased significantly. That will have some upward pressure on costs. But I'd say what we're seeing now is more than an offset on the labor side with - it's not in the heated environment we were in 24 months ago. So being able to negotiate rates on the labor and contracting side is offsetting that. So that's why the $150 million we said for the plant -- I think for our last plant new build, we indicated it was around $165 million. So all in, it is a net benefit with this lower level of activity.
Matthew Meloy: Sure. For us, as we look out, there are a number of smaller acquisitions that are out there and, I guess, available. We still look at it here. It's a really high hurdle for us to go and acquire something. We have good opportunities on the organic side. And our focus, as we talked about earlier, is on reducing our leverage and simplifying. So that's really going to be our focus now. We have a really good footprint on the G&P side that's feeding our downstream business. So we're not in a position where we have a need to go and do something to utilize our downstream assets. We have a really good footprint. So I think we're going to be patient there and continue to evaluate those opportunities and look at them relative to our organic growth opportunities and our leverage targets and goals. That said - I mean we always look at things. So there may be something that's bolt-on relatively small that could work for us. I'd just say it's still -- it's a relatively high hurdle for us as we are focused on reducing our leverage.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. I would say we are seeing some increase in activity from some of the smaller producers we have on our system. So if we are here in the 60s, I think the longer that we're here, the more kind of response you're going to see from those folks. Yes. I still think from our larger customers on the supply side don't see a lot of change in what they're telling us in terms of their volume expectations for this year. If we hang around here for the duration of this year, I could see potentially in late 2021, but probably really into 2022, maybe there's additional ramp in activity from some of our larger customers. But in the aggregate, I'd say that there is some potential upside to this year. But to really get the larger guys moving, it's more about what's their free cash flow targets, their debt reduction plans and the like. So - and I'd also point out, we are holding to our volume guidance. We saw a significant -- I mean we significantly underperformed in the first quarter because of the winter storm. So there's some kind of implied strength in the remaining part of this year because the first quarter was way under our expectations, but we still feel good about our overall volume range.
Matthew Meloy: I'd say we continue to make progress on adding fee floors and fee-based components to our Permian contract. I think last time we gave the update, it was about 55%. I think we're continuing to make progress and move that higher. So a lot of those arrangements are fee floor. So they are still percentage of proceeds. They just have a minimum. And so earlier - last year, we were kind of underneath that fee floor now for a lot of those contracts we are moving above. So they're still POP, but they just have a minimum associated with them. And so I'd say we're at kind of 65% plus now, and we'll continue to make progress as we move forward.
