Unidentified Company Representative: Well when we look at the coverage, the 1.1 to 1.2 long-term Targa covered does not necessarily any one-year, but if you look at 2014, there is about $900 million worth of projects coming on line in 2014, but we’re spending the capital be up in the door, but we won’t full credit for all the EBITDA. So we’ll still have continued growth and continued CapEx and our planned outlook for years. We don’t have as much visibility and don’t get into 2015, 2016 guidance. But as we look through three years, four years, five years and a forecast we look when the capital has turned out the door when the EBITDA is up and kind of about 1.1 times to 1.2 times out multiple years.James Jampel – HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC: Okay, thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: We’re still looking, but we do have a lot on our plate and we don’t need an acquisition today anymore than we did when we did our last acquisition, don’t expect us to be doing a major acquisition in the near future. The market that is always a funny market, sometimes people are paying too much for assets, sometimes people hang around the net and get a better deal.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think, I’ll answer the short one instead of taking the microphone back to the people who have been working on that, but I know from them that interest, negotiations are still very robust across some range of types of players. So, there is a lot of demand being expressed for our export capabilities. We’ve contracted fully for the first phase and we’ve got a nice return second phase already underway and that will be adding to our capability across 2014. Once that’s in place, we do have attractive returns, expansion would be bottlenecking, capacity additions on the market, we’re not announcing any of that. I think the market is deep enough for the best players.
Unidentified Company Representative: You need to look out and see where Scott is sitting. Did I miss something? He said it was fine, he’ll correct me later. We got one from...
Unidentified Company Representative: Your microphone ball is not that good. I actually would not expect any of, many of those major projects to contribute in EBITDA in 2014 with the exception of the Badlands gas plant which we mentioned, so our projects that we’re spending money on that aren’t on the list of the 590 to 600 that will contribute EBITDA in 2014, I would say that we are at the $590 million of projected approved projects and that will add to that across the year. Is that okay. I didn’t repeat the question I’m so sorry the question was about the backlog and what percentage of the backlog might be spent in 2014 and what percentage of the backlog might be contributing to EBITDA in 2014 and so now you have the context for my answer, I apologize for those on the phone.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay, taking the pieces of that. First there was additional interest or not on the condensate splitter projects that we’re working on and that separate and apart from LPGs. But I’ll look out in the room and I will just ask say Vince Di Cosimo to give me an up, down or even.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, Mike did. Mike remains me of Mars be which is dedicated to Venice it is coming on and the shale has been committed to it and there hasn’t really been any slip in their schedule. That is certainly meaningful for the coastal segments and we see lots of other projects. We are working with those customers, I’m just not trying to oversell the 14, 15, 16 essential for that. But I think you’ll see it continue to help that segment, which is very good in making money.
Unidentified Company Representative: That’s a risk question and we’ve probably spend six slides talking about it, but I’ll give you my summery review and then we can talk about it more later. The supply side of equations in this country has driven by the drill build, 80% dominated by drilling on oil right now. And on the global scale, that supply increases in the United States are not changing the macro supply and demand. So we are going to in my opinion exist in the world of pricing, the balance of supply demands for world oil that continues to cause the drill test to be as active in this country as it has been in this country. And just got to take you out to the innovativeness of U.S. E&P to continue to find and improve the productivity of horizontal oil wells. So I believe that continues. On the other side of the equation, the gas well inventories at pretty low prices becomes economic in my interpretation of what we saw in 2013 was even some spike in Haynesville drilling, dry gas drilling occurs when gas prices got a little bit up. So I suspect the natural gas supply demand will stay in balance, I don’t know exactly where and if that balance has been assisted by conversion to gas and then gas exports and price will be the valve that turns on how many dry or gas wells get drilled relative to their economics. Than you got it stuck in between and that comes with and that’s NGL that comes from natural gas wells and that comes from big gas from oil wells, those NGLs come, we could try to show the forecast of what’s happening and in the macrosense exports balance that also on the global scale where we’ve got long life, low cost or relatively low cost NGLs on the world scale. First ethane that becomes ethylene takes a few years to get that build, but it’s globally advances except for a few Middle East countries and if you are building a new pit camp to keep up with global demands, you might rather build this here than in the Middle East. So that’s taking care of exports at ethane and maybe you get the question all the time, maybe you export ethane not as ethylene that could occur. Than all of the other LPGs, so it’s not the content to get export it as well from gasoline to butanes and propane as a price clearing mechanisms. And that’s working and when it doesn’t work, prices will go down and then it’ll adjust. I’m not trying to predict prices I’m just trying to show this as multiple needs. Our company is pretty well positioned to do okay through this – sometimes over supplies, sometimes over supplied, sometimes exported then one catches up, as far as I can say.
Unidentified Company Representative: So is that a reasonable short answer, I’m happy for any of team to give the better one because I often forget things.
Unidentified Company Representative: In balance, but always being a little bit long and then a little bit short and then having something compensate, there is only brief moments when it’s in balance. But not exports balance.
Unidentified Company Representative: All right, I think there is a tipping point on ethane thing right now. We are tipping up to a lot of rejection which is compensating and handling this until the pet chems get built. And the same sort of things might happen in another LPG in there, just some one was talking about the condensate in oil, those are little tipping point that cause something to happen. But I think it works.
Unidentified Company Representative: And it works because we are low cost relative to most of the rest of the world supply and that’s important.
Unidentified Company Representative: You are right, we sell all of those to give you a macro view of the activity and if we actually went to on the people running into those area not on that scale of markets, circles the ones that are already dedicated and the ones that they competed for and maybe lost or compete for and one. If you trying to draw a circle around our system, the more you are in the centre of our system that more you can be pretty sure of it, that we didn’t even have to compete for. Further out from our system, the more might have been a competitor and might have been in the middle of their joining system and we have some system overlaps. So I’m not trying to say, please no one interrupt that we’re saying we get everyone of those, little triangle. But in our areas we can compete pretty going well, because when we say yes to our customer we take all the gas, we don’t have rolling brownouts and we have a pretty good reputation, if you hear anything about our reputation we maybe a hard negotiators, but we get the job done. Okay, thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: And with that, you are wrong when you talked about that’s going outside. With that we are as the producers come in this entire uses and good example. If you look back four years ago, they were drilling operator well. They were all vertical wells, we were connecting 300 to 350 wells, this is going to be less wells connected, that they are definitely will get a huge step for the number of horizontal rigs that we are seeing. It has higher IPs and I think that those dedication are fairly long-term and they are large areas, that chunk that came in at 10,000 and 20,000 to 30,000 acres.
Unidentified Company Representative: For the people we didn’t hear when Mike picked up the phone, repeating just a piece of it for the people on the phone across our systems. It should not sound like, we’ve got a lot of jump balls going on within our system sort of system footprint, we’ve got lots and lots of dedication. That’s how we do business. That’s how the business is done and those dedications have been increased over the last several years.
Vincent Di Cosimo: You said there’s more interest on condensate splitter that we’re talking about and that’s about as much I would want to say about. And you said ethane exports is going to be up a part of the LPG export boom, I think ethane exports are profitable and there is certainly one already there from the east coast facilities like ours could be a part of that. Those projects will have to have backing and the commitment of whatever counterparties who are that one ethane exports that spent a lot more dollars on the other side of the water that need to be spent on this side of the water, so it’s say its probably good capital. Did I missed anything in the question, okay great.
Vincent Di Cosimo: Some of the people in this room know that I really like to talk about the Gulf of Mexico but I didn’t pay him to say that and I am not trying to hide the Gulf of Mexico. We’ve just got such a great set of assets across the Gulf of Mexico, the best characters that I believe for near shore Louisiana and offshore Louisiana. And we keep figuring out how to get more liquids and make more money would vest in with volumes. And I think we benefit from the consolidation that’s going on. I’m hopeful of renewed activity and renewed production particularly oil rich liquids oriented which is whether it will be. But I don’t see that in 2014, the research projects and the E&P work that you can read publicly also and I know from my petroleum engineering friends of my age and class that could lead to some thing. And that would be very attractive for our – for that small portion of our business. To give you an idea, we didn’t bring someone from the coastal segment to answer Q&A, but there is no one in the back of the rook shaking their head, nodding their head at.
Vincent Di Cosimo: I need to take that by parts. Certainly, the Permian Basin, as far as, my rate our step goes, I don’t see the activity having there and around our assets being very well positioned across that Permian basin. North Texas, I think, I said in the past, I should have that activity in North Texas has decreased, the growth of it has decreased somewhat. We’re still growing volumes and that’s because resources have shifted to the Permian Basin pure oil versus very wet gas now. As an example, the Marble Falls is an oil play for smaller guy who have a position there and don’t have the position in the Permian Basin that’s very attractive economics. In the Bakken, I don’t want to see need for gathering slowing down there at all, we are slower. And for example, we talked about the later potential of our customer segments, there are just very few wells going on in Southwest Louisiana or on the offshore for immediate connections compared to other periods of time and that could improve versus getting slower. So that’s my kind of broad what does it look like. No more questions here, we don’t have anymore on the phone coming up. I’m actually going to say bye to the operator. Thanks operator. Anybody online who are sort of waiting for a question and didn’t get it in feel free to give us a call Matt, Jennifer or any other rest of the team and we’ll try to help you later. Okay. We’re going to still…
