Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks, Sanjay. Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining. It continues to be an exciting time at Targa with record quarterly and full-year adjusted EBITDA, as we benefit from numerous major projects that commenced operations in 2019. Those projects have successfully transformed Targa into a leading integrated midstream company. Completed projects and the cash flows from these projects position Targa very well over the long term. I want to say thank you to the exceptional Targa team for their continued focus and best-in-class execution, executing on projects on customer service on our company's long-term strategic priorities, and most importantly, safely and effectively operating our infrastructure facilities every day. As we wrap up a strong 2019 and look forward to 2020, I am very enthusiastic about the Targa leadership for the future. With Matt already performing in the CEO seat, officially so in a couple of weeks, complemented by Jim in the CFO role, and the entire executive team, Targa is in very fine hands. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Matt.
Joe Bob Perkins: Sure. Yes, we have had, I'd say really good movement in terms of adding fee-based floors and fee-based components to existing contracts and, as we're contracting for new volumes coming in the Permian. So it's really both. Its new contracts and existing and we see the ability to be able to do more of that. So we're in various stages with our producers and discussing with them how we can meet their needs and the fee-based protection that we're going to need to be able to continue to meet their needs.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. So as we said in the call Train 7 will be highly utilized and we have Train 8 coming on and when that comes on it will give us some excess capacity in our system as we wait for future growth and as our volume commitments and NBC's from our customers kick in. I would say there is an opportunity with others also having fractionation coming on. We don't necessarily need to be just in time with fracturing nine, so it will give us a little bit of opportunity to be before we go ahead in green light and say we need to add Train 9. I think another thing that we're benefiting from and you saw this in Q4, is our fracs are running even better than anticipated. We call Train 600,000 barrel a day Frac. If you look at what the fractionation volumes for Q4, it looks like it was over nameplate. That's because we're able to run Train 6 at higher than 100. So we're also creating a little more capacity, which could push out Train 9 as well. So I say through our own optimization of our assets and potentially looking elsewhere, we feel pretty good about being able to move Train 9 a little bit further out.
Joe Bob Perkins: Hey, Michael, I'd say it's a number of factors. I'd say to start it was probably a little conservative when we initially gave and it was a while ago, we gave that estimate of 250,000 barrels at some point in 2020 and then we just left that there not wanting to update that one. Actually get it operating before we revise our guidance and wanted to show it performing. So I'd say, part of it was conservatism, but I'll also say we saw really strong volume growth across our Permian system. We outperformed our volume guidance in 2019. That provided more NGLs on our system. I'd say third parties, we've had good success in attracting others down the pipe as well has been a benefit versus our original expectations, when we gave that original guidance and we're also going through all of our plants and optimizing. So we'll send the engineering team out to our plants and trying to squeeze more NGLs increased recoveries and you're seeing that in our numbers as well. So we're trying to enhance recoveries on these points that we're putting in as well. So it's a number of factors.
Joe Bob Perkins: Colton, I would say that the lifters that we have kind of dictate what their desired mixes are. Clearly with a lot of the waterborne traders, volumes are moving to where the demand pool is at. A lot of that growth obviously is in the East in the Asian marketplaces. And we've talked about it in the past. With the developing countries, a lot of that is both a propane and butane mix. We did benefit from third quarter to fourth quarter with larger percentages of butane moving across our dock, and that certainly - we are gearing ourselves up so that we have that capability going forward, and that's the reason why we kind of give a broad range relative to what our capabilities are, that it is dependent upon how much as propane versus butane and the size of vessels. So, I think you'll continue to perhaps see increased volume percentage of butanes going across our dock, and hence the reasons why we put our debottlenecking projects in place.
Matthew Meloy: Thanks, Jen. In closing, we remain excited about Targa's long-term outlook. While there may be some uncertainty in global commodity markets related to the coronavirus and other macro factors, there is strength in what we can see for core business in 2020. And with that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Matthew Meloy: Well, I think we had that included in our 80% all in fee-based margin for 2020. Really, the opportunity for us to continue to increase our fee-based percentage is going to be on the one hand just increasing fee-based margin on the downstream side, but also going into those commodity sensitive contracts where there are no meaningful fees for those. And where we're spending dollars on additional infrastructure, we're going to need some fee-based protection for us to continue to spend capital. At gas prices between zero and $1 at Waha, and low NGL prices, we're going to need some fee-based protection for that investment. And we've had good success with our producers who understand that and want us to continue to move their volumes. So, we want to continue to be able to hook those up and move those to our plants, and so, we're aligned from that perspective, and we've had a lot of good progress, I'd say, in 2019. And we're continuing that progress in 2020.
Matthew Meloy: So, I would say, partially as a result of Grand Prix being online, we have a lot more NGLs coming into our system. We have more fractionation capacity coming on. As we add fractionation, we're adding storage and related infrastructure, which allows us to take advantage of market contango and other things for marketing opportunities. So, I'd say as the overall volumes increase, we have more of those opportunities. We put in, I'd say, conservative estimates of those opportunities into our guidance. So, there is not zero in there, but it's a relatively modest expectation of some of those opportunities. 
Matthew Meloy: Yes, I mean, just to bring that $1.8 billion to current net I was given over a year ago, and we added the Bluestone, which was 200, and then in our call last summer, we mentioned at our processing plants, there were three of them in there, and they were about $30 million higher relative to the original expectations. So, that would bring it to kind of that 21 number. And I think as you look forward to 2021, how much CapEx that's going to be, it's really going to be dependent upon our underlying volumes out in the Permian, how much success we're having out there. We've indicated likely another Midland plant here. Timing is still uncertain. I think with Peregrine coming on and Falcon just coming on, we probably have a little more timing and a little more runway on the Delaware side of when we add a plant, but it's just going to depend on how volumes ramp this year. But as you look to 2021, it's likely going to be processing plants, maybe potential fractionation spending on Train 9, depending on that timing. With our export dock going in here, we should be okay there for a while. So, it's going to be a regular, probably normal course CapEx for 2021. 
Matthew Meloy: Yes, I would say it's really as our - as we continue to focus on capital discipline, and scrutinize every project, and just push our organization to focus capital in and along the core business that we talked about, gathering and processing where it's tied into Grand Prix, into fractionation and export. So, I think at just as we increase the level of scrutiny, looking at our projects, being very careful and diligent before we're green lighting anything new, we were able to come in under for 2019. And that didn't rollover, frankly, into changing our 2020 estimate. So, I think it's just continued capital discipline, operating cost, G&A, kind of everything we're pushing through as an organization, we're starting to see some of those positive results.
Matthew Meloy: Sure. I guess I'll start with fractionation Train 7 being full. So, we have been running over nameplate. We have inventory, right? So, we're going to be working off existing - we have a lot of storage capacity, but we're going to be working off inventory when 7 comes on and as volumes continue to ramp. So, I think as you look at the Grand Prix volumes, they're going to be underpinned. We'll have Peregrine coming on. But as I said, we'll have some capacity in the Delaware. So it's - we have some excess capacity now, so we see kind of modest increases there with the Peregrine coming on. And then we have the Gateway coming on. It's not coming until really the fourth quarter, so those - we expect that to be highly utilized at start up, but that's going to be coming on in the fourth quarter. Then it's going to be our third-party volumes on Grand Prix. We do expect some growth there. We have that baked into our forecast. And then I'd say the other offset, which I didn't mentioned before, we did benefit in late 2019 from some shorter-term transportation-only agreements, or shorter term TNF agreements, last year. We have a, I'd say, conservative assumption related to kind of non-contracted volumes in 2020. Are there going to be opportunities to move barrels for some of our customers either midstream, or producers on a shorter-term basis? I think there will be some of those opportunities, but we didn't factor those opportunities into our 2020 numbers.
Jennifer Kneale: Which is generally consistent, Tristan, with how we try to forecast those elements of the business with conservatism, and then hope to outperform as we move through the year if the opportunities present themselves. And 2019 was a year we did have significant opportunities, we highlighted 10 million of downstream opportunities in the second quarter that we quantified as one-time in nature and had additional opportunities as other assets came online through the year. So we expect some this year. It's just difficult to quantify at this point.
Jennifer Kneale: Jeremy, this is Jen. We tried to provide you with a little bit of color certainly related to first quarter relative to fourth quarter, particularly as a result of those $35 million of one-time benefits that we tried to discuss in a little bit of detail on our commentary in the press release and also in our scripted comments. We're not going to get into providing quarter-by-quarter guidance related to EBITDA or really any of the other metrics that we've put out there this morning. I think that 2019 was a great year for our company. Excellent execution, really across all fronts, particularly when you think about new assets that came online and how well they performed. We've got additional assets coming online in 2020 and hope that those perform as well as those that came online in 2019 did and we'll just have to see how the year plays out. We have had some headwinds already thus far in 2020 with commodity prices with sort of the typical seasonality and freeze-offs that we generally have early in January. You never really can quantify all the pluses and minuses that will occur during the year and that's generally one of the reasons that we like to provide annual guidance versus quarterly guidance.
Jennifer Kneale: If you go back and have a chance to re-read the script, we tried to provide a little bit more color in there. So it's really- it's versus the 465. So yes, includes the one-time items. So we're trying to direct you certainly to remove those when you think about Q1 relative to Q4 and also provided a little bit of detail that OpEx and G&A will be higher in Q1 than it was in the fourth quarter as well. Consistent with the expectation that 2020 OpEx and G&A will be higher as well than 2019.
Jennifer Kneale: The only asset sale process that we currently have underway is the one related to the Permian Midland crude business, Jeremy. So we'll continue to assess other opportunities all across the portfolio, but there's nothing else active at this time. So clearly, we've demonstrated a willingness if assets are not what we consider core to the Permian aggregation of supplier G&P aggregation of supply of hit transport to frac to volumes available for exports than we will consider whether there is a third party that would be a more likely owner of the asset than we are.
Jennifer Kneale: Sure. Michael, this is Jen. I think consistent with our third quarter commentary around the DevCos nothing has really changed. Fourth quarter performance was stronger than we expected. Ultimately, we'd like to see how 2020 performance shakes out before we likely start buying back pieces of the DevCo. Our focus right now is on improving our leverage metrics. So there is really no change to the underlying assumption that we really said when we entered into the DevCo arrangements which was for modeling purposes if you want to assume that we take the entire structure out in 2022 given we've got 4 years as of the fourth quarter of 2019 to do so. That's a fine assumption. If you want to assume with increasing EBITDA that we may derisk the overall structure and take out by taking out a piece earlier given we can take out a piece or pieces in $100 million increments. That's a fine assumption as well. So I think either of those are consistent with how we're looking at it internally right now, which again is consistent with how we've been looking at it really since we entered into the transaction.
Jennifer Kneale: I think that for us the guidance range is really reflective of our best estimates right now for the year, given the visibility that we have into the year. 2019 was very strong for us. We believe that there will continue to be opportunities for our assets to hopefully outperform in 2020. But there is also uncertainty related to prices, the coronavirus, producer activity levels, particularly in the back half of the year and so that's why there is a wider range on the absolute dollars than we have generally presented in years past.
Jennifer Kneale: On the hedges that's reflective of the aggregate hedges that we've entered into so it includes all our basis hedges. I think that you'll see us continue to hedge when given the opportunity. Clearly, we added a fair bit of hedges really from our fourth quarter disclosures on through the early part of the year, given the point of view that we have internally related to prices. On the NGL side, we remain less hedged than we ideally would like to be at this point, and that's really just a result of ethane prices, which is the largest part of our NGL barrel and sort of where ethane prices have been for some time. But to the extent that we get any strength that we can hedge into, we'll do that, as well as just continuing with our programmatic hedge program that we work through with the hedge committee of our board.
Jennifer Kneale: Sunil, this is Jen. We talked about the fact that that was really made up of a combination of OpEx estimates, G&A estimates, and then also some partner reimbursements. And so, it was a combination of factors really across the board. Generally, we've talked on the third quarter, which was also consistent with the fourth quarter, that our estimates for ad valorem taxes came in lower in actuals than what we had assumed. We also benefited from lower benefits costs through the year than we expected, and we did less hiring for the year than we expected or estimated. So really, it's more a corporate level than specific to any individual business unit.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to start with the guidance here and it's encouraging to see the level of growth that you talk about both on the G&P side and also Grand Prix. I was wondering if you could kind of provide a bit more color as far as what type of cadence you see to that growth over the year. Any thoughts on what that type of exit rate could look like just trying that- as we model for the route, get a sense for how things are playing out there.
Jeremy Tonet: That's helpful. And then maybe just clarifying on the Q1 being lower than Q4 was that versus the 430 number that exclude some of those one-time items or is that versus the 465? Just trying to quantify the impact there.
Jeremy Tonet: That's helpful, thanks. And just the last one if I could, it seems like you've done a really good job recently of divesting some non-core assets to help accelerate deleveraging there and just wondering, I know you're not going to tell us what assets you're selling, but just wondering anymore you could share on the thought process. If I look around the portfolio and I see ownership in something like GCX and I see- it's nice to have the capacity on the pipe but I don't know if we necessarily need to own the pipe anymore now that bill, just wondering whether types of opportunities you guys see to raise some funds there.
