Rene Joyce: Thanks, Joe. Welcome and thanks to everyone for participating in this call. Besides Matt and myself, there are several other members of the management team, who will be available to assist in the Q&A session. For today's call, I'll start with a high level review of performance and then highlights. We will then turn it over to Matt to review the Partnership's consolidated financial results, its segment results and other financial matters for the Partnership. Matt will also review key financial matters related to Targa Resources Corp. Following Matt's comments, I'll provide a few more remarks and then we will take your questions. But before I get started, I would like to remind listeners that they can assess the presentation and replay of our recent October 18 Investor Day webcast through our website for an even more detailed discussion of our businesses and growth projects.  Our reported third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $116 million, an 8% increase over last year, despite weaker commodity prices and the impact of Hurricane Isaac. Distributable cash flow of approximately $77 million resulted in distribution coverage of about 1x based on our third quarter declared distribution of $0.6625 or $2.65 on an annual basis. Consistent with our 2012 full year guidance given last fall, the Partnership's third quarter distribution represents a 14% increase compared to the third quarter of 2011. Moving to a brief business overview. Despite lower commodity volumes, volumes in our field G&P continue to increase, up over 9% year-over-year, driven by strong producer activity across our systems. Hurricane Isaac impacted our Coastal G&P volumes and operating margin during the quarter. We estimate approximately an $8 million impact to EBITDA during the quarter for these operating disruptions, which includes a $3.3 million charge in cleanup and repair cost.  The downstream division continued its strong growth profile. Third quarter operating margin increased 53% over 2011. The increase is due to higher fractionation and treating fees, increased LPG export activity and the impact of the 2011 petroleum logistics acquisition. That wraps up my initial comments. I'll hand it over to Matt. 
Rene Joyce: Thanks, Matt. Just a few final comments; essentially, the executive summary of the October 18 Investor Presentation. The underlying industry dynamics of shale and resource development provide the foundation for Targa's performance and future growth. We have a leadership G&P footprint in multiple basins where volumes are growing. And we're taking advantage of this situation by adding processing capacity in these areas. We also have a leading presence in and around Mont Belvieu where fee-based business is growing, and we're adding fractionation storage and export capacity. Multiple projects contribute to our strong growth profile, and we continue to work on additional projects. Two project approvals were announced in the press release proceeding, the October Investor Presentation. The first, a $225 million project to install a new $200 million a day cryogenic plant and infrastructure to support our San Angelo system, and add to our strong Permian basin presence. We will call it the High Plains plan. It is well located relative to multiple plays such as the Cline, Canyon Sands, Wolfberry and others, and well located relative to NGL and residue takeaway. The High Plains plan is expected to be completed in mid-2014. A second project we announced was to expand our international export project, even before we have completed the first phase of that expansion. The total combined spend will be approximately $480 million. In the third quarter of 2013, we will have the capacity to load 4 VLGCs, in addition to our small- to mid-size LPG export business. By the third quarter of 2014, we will be able to add another 1 million barrels to 2 million barrels a month, or another 2 to 4 VLGCs. We expect the impact from these and other highly visible growth projects to provide the margin scale and diversity that will support continued distribution growth, and we continue to work on unannounced -- on the unannounced project portfolio. There are not really any new developments over the last few weeks since our Investor Day on October 18, but the ongoing work includes: Train 5, another 100,000 barrel fractionation facility at Belvieu; other projects in the Permian basin; and the potential for further expansion at our terminals and development of new terminals at other locations, all of which we have previously discussed.  And with the benefit of substantial liquidity providing flexibility to expand our diversified midstream platform, the Partnership is positioned to invest in even longer-term growth.  So with that, we'll open it up to questions. And now, I'll turn it back to the operator. 
Rene Joyce: Thank you, operator. And to the extent anyone has follow-up questions, please feel free to contact Matt or any of us. Thank you again for your time today, and we look forward to speaking with you again. 
