Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks, Sanjay. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining. I want to begin today actually by honoring one of Targa's retired founders and my good friend Roy Johnson. Our Permian Johnson plant is named after Roy. For those of you who have not heard, Roy was killed in a tragic bicycling accident in late July. Targa would not exist if it were not for Roy's vision and inspiration. Roy had been retired for several years. But his legacy remains. And many of us will always have Roy's example in our heads and in our hearts. Roy is enjoying this fine earnings report from better place, but he will always be missed. When this year began, a lot of external focus on Targa was related to our attractive growth capital projects and for a while perhaps even more so related to our ability to effectively finance our growth capital program underway. For the first few months of the year, it became even more of a heightened topic as we announced additional attractive new projects requiring additional future CapEx. I believe that now as Targa has continued to execute on our projects and on our financing plans through the first half of this year with major projects on track with the prospects for those projects even better than when we announced them and with us already having funded our minimum equity needs for our 2018 growth CapEx program, the conversation appropriately shifts more to focus on the strength of our asset footprint and the growth profile that is rapidly coming into view as we move thorough this year and into 2019. Many of our important projects underway will be completed by the first half of next year, less than one year away. And we are working to complete those projects as quickly as practicable because the demand for processing pipeline takeaway fractionation and export services continues to increase. Fundamentally, the strengthening outlook for domestic production volumes in crude and NGL commodity prices is providing additional tailwinds for our businesses. And, will accelerate the utilization at the projects underway. And, will continue to drive the need for additional infrastructure. Our operational and financial performance through the first half of this year has its own track to meet or exceed our previously disclosed full-year 2018 guidance. And more importantly, our longer -term outlook for Targa continues to strengthen and continues to gain momentum and visibility. Our continued focus on execution across the company was demonstrated recently by a number of successful highlights. Successfully bringing online our 200 million cubic feet per day Joyce plant in the Midland Basin, which was essentially pulled [ph] at startup; commencing operations of our 60 million cubic feet per day Oahu plant and our 250 million cubic feet per day Wildcat plant, which will support the expected volume ramp in our Delaware systems; expanding our joint venture partnership with Sanchez in South Texas to include a new long-term dedication by Sanchez and by all their working interest partners for over 315,000 additional gross acres in the Western Eagle Ford further strengthening the long-term outlook of our assets in the area. Announcing our participation in an additional strategic residue gas pipeline called Whistler to very effectively linked growing natural gas supply from the Permian Basin to key demand markets along the Texas Gulf Coast further enhancing Targa's Permian Basin asset positioning and midstream service offerings to our customers. Raising more than $300 million for the issuance of common equity under our ATM program during the second quarter, which combined with our financing efforts earlier this year means we have funded our minimum 2018 equity needs. We have funded our minimum 2018 equity needs without the likely benefit of some catalog asset sales. And extending our TRP and TRC revolvers and increasing the size of our TRP revolver to $2.2 billion to support the future liquidity needs of our business. This revolver, the largest for any high yield company in the midstream industry with very attractive terms, also highlight the support that we continue to receive from the bank community. So, our strategic initiatives are driven by continued commercial execution, project execution, and financial execution like those examples. And the growth projects and related execution focus support high level of confidence in the future; confidence from increasing line of site into strong long-term outlook at Targa. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jen to discuss Targa's results for the second quarter.
Joe Bob Perkins: I want to be clear. The moderation is moderation in a growth rate, okay, not moderation in a volume. It's a very active area, we're growing production through our Gathering and Processing, growing production from there, very soon to Grand Prix, third-party volumes to Grand Prix. You asked if there was anything different in our outlook. When we initially announced this project we are significantly better. And I think everybody who's been monitoring the basin and our success know that in an outlook for Grand Prix. We have been ordering long lead-time items for all of our important projects, and that would include for Grand Prix. The long lead time items to expand Grand Prix are not expensive. The purchase of pumps and the installation of pumps is a small fractional addition on that project when necessarily.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, so that was, as we mentioned, the sequential growth, we had 2%, it would've been 5%. So on average for the quarter is about 12 million a day, which was impacted on the Versado system. So we would not expect that impact in Q3. Our longer-term outlook for that area, whether it's the Versado or even just anywhere in the Delaware is kind up into the right, we've said for the acquisition kind of very high single digits. We're seeing strong growth out there. It's just frankly happening a little bit slower than our estimates at the beginning of the year.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, so we haven't given specific equity percentages for the pipeline. But I think generally thinking about it the equity ownership related to the MVC commitment is a good way to think about it in general.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, there's really a lot that can be said on that. I'd say as far as producer activity and the volume ramp, we've got a diverse set of producers, whether it's in the Delaware, Midland, and each and every one are kind of evaluating the different takeaway constraints a little bit differently. There's oil, NGL, residue, there's different constraints, and different producers have different options depending on their portfolio of production. We have seen some producers that have a good footprint in other basis, say, instead of adding the rig here in the Permian we're going to add to maybe the Bakken or somewhere else. But we have seen some of that. Are there going to be impacts? We think there's going to be some impacts, as we said in our script. We think those are going to be on the margin to a growth rate. So we still do see strong growth in 2018 and into '19. It's just how much that growth rate will be impacted. And it will vary by producer. And that's something that we're going to have to kind of work out as we go through time and so are.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, I guess there's a couple of pieces there. I mean we have for the wholesale propane business, again which is a smaller part of our business. So I'd say we have pretty regular seasonality. And there's been some downward pressure in Q2 and Q3 for that business. But what you saw was an uptick in fractionation volumes, just strength in overall volumes through our system on the fractionation side provided some uplift to our margin. And you actually saw NGL exports, our LPG exports relatively strong compared to last year, even though it was sequentially down in Q1, we're just seeing continued strength in the export business.
Joe Bob Perkins: We haven't said that they were rateable across the year. We provide that annual guidance very consistent with our previous approach, how we are managing the particular basis we're taking into account, the timing associated with GCX and we also are taking into account our longer-term view likely timing of that as part of managing that overall exposure.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, so we haven't given any hard metrics for enhanced ethane recovery, relates to EBITDA for us. We would benefit generally from higher ethane prices would benefit the GMP side of the business and then more volumes through our fractionation facilities, so it is generally positive for us as recovery picks up and we have seen then. Will benefit even more once Grand prix comes online to mid next year with what we're able to capture both the transportation in the fractionation will benefit more from that but we haven't kind of given any, the hard numbers for what that can look like. I just say generally more recoveries are beneficial for us.
Joe Bob Perkins: Tristan, I want to chip my hat to the team. First of all, having a high beam zone to be looking for those opportunities prior to being completely utilized and getting that work done at the right time to prepare for that very near future of completely utilize. This was big bang for the buck investment in that cycle and it was well executed.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, I think when we think about growth and our GMP business and then further downstream, we think a bit more kind of as we are adding processing plant as GMP inlet volumes are growing, that's going to be the driver for additional NGL production which would then necessitate further investment downstream on fractionation or potential export expansion. To Whistler part of those volumes are from the residue gas takeaway from our processing plants that we are adding but there is also as you self-explanatory in the list you know, additional equity owners in that pipe, there is supply coming from many different areas for Whistler. So I kind of decoupled that and think about more in the adding processing plants from the GMP side and the startup of Grand Prix to even better fees.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, when we think about fractionation business, it's we think about as it's basically a fixed fee business. There is a piece of the fractionation business which is a pass-through that we talk about which does hit revenue and OpEx, so the gas prices dropping that can impact our revenues and then impact our OpEx and things like that. So we really tend not to focus too much on revenues that can -- there is going to be some noise in revenues, do you think a bit more on our growth margin and really on an operating margin basis.
Joe Bob Perkins: It is a fee based business but you don't see 100% of the fee in the revenue without a de-dock in the expense and we can walk you through that a little bit more.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, I'd say we feel really good about our outlook up in North Dakota. We've seen volumes increase, the LN-4 plant come online fast enough, so there is the need for additional processing capacity out there not just by us but by others, so we're working to put that in place, I think our expectations for filling up that facility really just continues to improve as we go through time. So the outlook out there I'd say is good and even getting better.
Joe Bob Perkins: Understood, long term Street outlook is also not out five years. We worked hard to try to create a view and then outlook in calling it an outlook for folks who want to look beyond that quarter index and we're going to keep trying to add more information, part of that information Jen's pointing out will be actual very soon, with the start of many of the important projects occurring in less than one year. Here your advice we will try to take it to heart, we started up the question would be likely be reprinting this chart next quarter, I think because we've answered it several times that people should hear that we're unlikely to be reprinting this chart and redoing it completely in the next quarter. But as I answered Shneur, you do here the compact okay, you hear that we got line of sight on that curve by improved why it's becoming shorter and shorter term and that that confidence probably does mean that we believe it's above the curve and or earlier which was another way the question was asked and we'll take the question to heart we want to provide information and see what it does.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, so for our project that's are on the drawing board that pipe was already ordered and done, so we don't have an impact or current capital budget earning material impact our capital budget for those items. Going forward for new processing plans, new facilities, the actual feel causes are relatively small component of the overall infrastructure whether it's a processing plan or fraction facility, so we don't see any material impact from the cost in steel tariffs.
Jennifer Kneale: I think when we look forward, I think consistent with our track record, we're going to continue to proactively manage our funding to maintain the balance sheet flexibility that we've really worked very hard to get through a number of actions since 2016, and 2017. We're really pleased with the success that we've had thus far, year-to-date, tapping a number of different tools to raise capital. And I think that's what you should expect going forward. That's been very consistent with our messaging over the last year, plus. And I think that's how we'll continue to approach it going forward, utilizing a multifaceted approach.
Jennifer Kneale: Yes, absolutely. So we announced that we are evaluating the sale of our Baltimore Sound and Channelview Terminal. And so there's been a lot of interest from the market for those assets. And we are continuing to proceed through the process. Our expectation is that the assets are likely to go to more than one buyer in more than one transaction. And so it'll just take us a little bit of time to work through all of that.
Jennifer Kneale: Sure, Jeremy. So I think the pig in the python, I have heard Joe Bob say before, so I'm sure if you got that from him. But I think we've…
Jennifer Kneale: I said Canadians, really. Look, I think from our perspective we've spent a little over a billion dollars year-to-date. I think that you can expect that that pace will continue, particularly as you think about the timing of when projects come online early in '19, such as Grand Prix and others. I think from our perspective, we've obviously taken a number of important steps already with the private capital, with some public equity, and with some strategic joint ventures. And I'd expect that that sort of multifaceted approach will continue as we look forward to funding 2019, when we'll obviously benefit from increasing EBITDA from the projects that are coming online either this year or next year. And I think that's what gives us the confidence, really, going forward when we think about the long-term outlook to finance our business.
Jennifer Kneale: I mean I think from our perspective Whistler as a project, just given the nature of the contracts associated with it, meaning that it's a very attractive candidate for project financing. So that's why we think that that is logical option for us to consider as the project moves forward. When we think about what we are going to do with our additional cash flow, as our EBITDA ramps, looking forward I think we very consistently have been saying that our goal is to increase coverage, reduce leverage. But really we're a little premature in getting to that point and being able to directly point to what we think we're going to use that additional cash flow for.
Jennifer Kneale: Well, importantly I remind you so what we said that we're evaluating the sale of were three sort of discrete terminals, so obviously the channel we occurred in condensate splitter but also our terminals up and down Washington as well as our terminals in Baltimore and sort of directionally we have said that when you think about asset op margin contribution from largest to smallest. It sort of splitter then sound and then Baltimore, we have done feedback from some buyers that they may prefer to see the crude and condensate splitter fully operational in order for us to maximize the value that we think, the asset is worth and so that's one of the things that we are obviously balance thing as we work through the evaluation of the sales of that particular terminal and really all the turmoil.
Jennifer Kneale: Yes Matt, this is Jen, Sanjay and I can walk you through the different components because I think where you are getting your number from there is some noise in there but I think we can help you through.
Jennifer Kneale: Well, before you say the other piece of that's I do hope jumps out is embedded in the footnote which is that when we develop this guidance it was based on a $50 crude environment flat through the forecast period and $0.60 NGLs flat through the forecast period, so that to me is also one of the, sort of key component pieces that really jumps off the page. I think from our perspective when we think about that long-term outlook we're in a period where we really need to execute, so these projects that we've now been talking about for 18 months plus key projects like Grand Prix. We need to get them online and then you'll start to see really in our results. The impact of such accretive and attractive opportunities and as we move through the balance of this year, move through the balance to 2019 there just more and more incremental projects that are going to contribute. I think from our perspective obviously our investors would like for us to be updating in this real time and we understand that but we do tried to give you a lot of directional color, that we certainly feel like a lot has improved since then. It begins with commodity prices and then the associated volume projections that we made in a $50 per barrel flat crude environment obviously that has improved since then as well and then we've had already a commercial success is that you rightly point out will need to follow a smaller font if we add any more projects on the next go around.
Jennifer Kneale: I think from our perspective, we view funding really as fungibles. So there isn't a line in the sand that we think by ex-date we want to complete it 2018 financing and then we can sort of begin to look forward to 2019 or beyond. I think in our view what we're trying to do is maintain the balance sheet flexibility that we've worked very hard for and as a result of that balance sheet flexibility, we may or may not fund our CapEx program with as much equity as we historically have particularly with the EBITDA ramp that we can see before us. But I think we'll just continue to move through time using the multi-faceted financing approach, I think the potential sale of our terminals business is an important piece of that but everything remains a tool available to us and I think we've demonstrated to our track record our willingness to utilize different tools and so I think that's what we will continue looking forward.
Jennifer Kneale: I mean our Permian crude business is obviously a relatively new business for us that we acquired through that with our acquisitions and so you're starting from a small base, so as our commercial team continues to make progress and they executed number of very attractive contracts, you'll continue to I think see volumes increased from there whether we're not going to provide obviously guidance on such a small piece of our business but 35% up to quarter-over-quarter is very nice for that business and we expect it will continue at the activity in the Permian continues.
Scott Pryor: This is Scott. I'll try to tackle some of that laundry list that you put out there and obviously get help from my colleagues here. But first and foremost when you think about the NGL growth you look what's happening in the Permian both in the Midland and the Delaware side as it relates to our plants as well as third-party activity that's out there, a lot of that is feeding into Belvieu today, so overall picture relative to the tightness that we alluded to and our comments around fractionation capacity and the tightness in the marketplace filling up that fractionation capacity is very evident today. Some of that's related to new growth, some of that's related to ethane recovery and all of that together has moved to a point where Belvieu really is going to be tight as we said through 2019. From a Targa perspective, obviously we've tried to be in front of this with the announcement earlier about our Train 6 expansion which will be online at the end of the first quarter 2019 and obviously we indicated in our notes today that we are actively pursuing permits for multiple fractionators that once we have those in hand and the advent of long lead items purchased, we will execute on those projects as quickly as possible to bring that capacity online as well. So all of that really is a great picture for us, it's a great picture for the industry and certainly when you look at it steered towards Mount Belvieu where we got a significant footprint of both storage and fractionation and then our export capacity, we feel all that would be moving towards capacity limit at some point. We also have been ahead relative to announcing projects in earlier quarters where we were increasing our capabilities particularly around increasing our capacity on exporting butanes. So pipelines entering wells at Belvieu increasing that capacity basically redoing or rebuilding a dock at our facility to make sure that we've got full capacity on all four of our docks to maintain that level of flexibility. At what point, we will continue to look for small projects as well as large projects on the export side to enhance that capability, certainly our expenditures to enhance our capacity is much from a capital spend is much smaller than say a Greenfield project, so we will continue to look for ways to do that and be there when the market demand surpasses.
Scott Pryor: I understand the question, what I try to describe was components of that long-range outlook that we developed and May of 2017 and talking about those components and new components all of which we feel better about today than when they were announced, So yes I've got very high confidence in that curve that was created some time ago, that high confidence in the curve is due to clear views of what are now short term projects. A whole lot of it coming down in less than a year and how we've commercialized them since announcement, so yes I'm going to tell you oh I'm confident in it. Super confident in it and that probably should translate into likely higher, likely earlier without giving you a new number for that. I hope that's helpful at all we disclose.
Scott Pryor: This is Scott. I mean fair question obviously there's two competing projects and if you think back over the last year and a half as many as 13 or 14 projects announced. As Matt alluded to the kind of the formula or a recipe for getting a project done has been a volume metric commitment for an equity position in a pipe. Certainly kind of mortgage got a valid project as do we, do both of them get done I can't answer that. I really don't know what they've got left to do but I certainly have one aside on our project. We have really good commitments in place from industry players that have a lot of experience and a lot of growth in their forecast for the midstream, sort of the business they participate in and honestly in the conversations we are having incrementally we feel very good about the project, we got to get it done, we like where it initiates we like where it terminates into the marketplace both feeding Mexico and the growing LNG markets and so all we can do is stay tuned and we expect it to get done.
Scott Pryor: What I would say is that, it's a variety of projects obviously as you look into your facilities you are going to look for ways to improve the operation across the number of fractions that we are already are operating today. With that said, I'm not going to give you a volume outlook or what that looks like, what I would tell you is a lot of that focus was on reliability and sustainability as these volumes start ramping up we want to make sure that we have long run times without any bubbles in our system to ensure that we are performing for our customers at a highest degree and as a result of that we think that we become a very attractive player in the marketplace and continue to be attractive player for our customers on the downstream side.
