Pat McDonie: Thanks Scott and good morning. Over the last six months or so we have seen a number of different things dominate our southern field G&P landscape. First, excitement over Permian producer results that just keep getting better, shorter drilling times, coupled with success from longer laterals, driving higher IPs, greater EURs, and lower breakeven costs. As rigs have been added in the Permian over the past few months, Targa has benefited particularly on the WestTX system. Second, Permian results and producer desire for additional acreage across the basin have driven a number of large and significant upstream M&A transactions. Targa has and will further benefit from some of these transactions, as some important customers are putting together large contiguous dedicated blocks of acreage around our existing systems. And third, increasing delineation of the STACK and SCOOP plays with the producers successfully improving EURs spacing, identification and completion efficiencies. For Targa, our areas of commercial focus in southern field G&P have been to continue to identify attractive opportunities to add acreage dedications and to grow volumes in margins across the Midland Basin, the Delaware Basin, the STACK, SCOOP and Eagle Ford. We believe that we have some inherited advantages given the position of many of our existing pipes and plans, and are focused on leveraging those advantages to grow our footprints across each of those areas. The 200 million cubic feet per day Buffalo Plant in WestTX came online in the second quarter and is rapidly filling, accelerating our need for additional infrastructure, and as discussed projects adding processing capacity in WestTX are now underway. The additional capacity needs being driven by increasing producer activity and results. If you had a chance to see Pioneer's earnings release of yesterday, their Q3 earnings release of yesterday. Pioneer being our partner and largest producer on the system, they stated that they will be increasing the company's horizontal rig count from 12 rigs to 17 rigs in the Northern Spraberry/Wolfcamp during the second half of 2016. Three rigs were added during September and October as planned, with two additional rigs expected in November. Their comments are consistent with those of the remaining large portfolio of customers that are dedicated to our system. Our new 200 million cubic feet per day Raptor Plant in SouthTX will be online in Q1, 2017, and will provide us with an Eagle Ford footprint that we think is very well positioned. In the third quarter, we gathered and processed lower volumes versus the second quarter, as producers are able to more readily move short term, low margin volumes at central delivery points. We believe that there will be continued asset rationalization in the Eagle Ford, and that our multi-plant, multi-location footprint will benefit Targa as we have flexibility related to outlets, delivery points, and reliability that are attractive to the producers. For Targa, we guided to higher average 2016 field G&P volumes versus average 2015, driven by higher Permian and SouthTX volumes, offset by lower NorthTX, WestOK and SouthOK volumes. We have 10 months [RD] under our belt and my expectations are unchanged. One month into the fourth quarter, we have seen continued volume growth in the Permian Basin, and continued activity around our WestOK and SouthOK systems. Overall, as we look into 2017 and beyond, we feel very good about the strength and position of our gathering and processing systems. Permian volumes will continue to grow, driven by our WestTX and SAOU systems. Our ability to continue to be successful in penetrating the STACK and SCOOP and the producers activity in our areas will determine the trajectory of volumes in areas like WestOK, SouthOK, and even North Texas. We have an Eagle Ford position that we really like and believe that the Sanchez advantaged Raptor plant coming online in early 2017 will provide us with additional advantages. I will turn it over to Danny now who will discuss some of the trends that he is seeing up in the Bakken.
Pat McDonie: I think Matt touched on a lot of smaller projects that add up to a significant number on G&P spend, and I think it's just a result of some of the stuff that we have been talking to you in the past. It's getting acreage dedication that allows us to bolt onto our existing asset footprints and build out into new areas that have become active. And we’re going to see a lot of that. We're going to see volume adds as a result of that, and I think that's what we'll see in the Mid-Continent 2017.
Pat McDonie: And what we publicly disclose on those pieces. I think it’d be fair to say that the costs of plants are lower today than they have been in the past.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks, Dan. Thanks everybody. We’ve covered a lot of ground today, with one of our longest scripted comments and certainly with the highest number of scripted speakers. Given the environment, we thought that it might be helpful to spend more time talking about our assets and positioning, and to let you hear about it from the folks that are leading those efforts every day. If not helpful, I'm sure you will give Jen or me feedback. We at Targa are focused and enthusiastic about the opportunities in front of us, and we are cautiously optimistic about the trends we are seeing. This has been a tough year, but I think we are starting to feel some tailwinds at our back. I believe that our execution over the last couple of years with some significant headwinds should provide even more comfort to investors about the quality of Targa assets and the capabilities of Targa people. I'm very proud of both. When I think of all of the steps that we have taken, significantly reducing costs, attractive recontracting, commercial execution, balance sheet management and others, it makes me even more enthusiastic for the future. Even if we see a temporary head (inaudible) in commodity prices or do not see the current strip materialize in the near term, I know that we are all well-positioned. Where there is activity we benefit, and in some other areas where there is consolidation we will benefit. As we see it, our positioning will provide opportunities for continued attractive performance across almost any expected environment. I want to wrap up by highlighting a few key points that I think are important as we sit here on November 2 with one month of Q4 already under our belt. Q4, 2016 EBITDA is expected to be higher than Q1, higher than Q2, and higher than Q3. We forecast fourth quarter of 2016 dividend coverage approaching 1.2 times, and reiterate that average coverage for the year will be slightly over 1.0 times. Looking forward we believe that our investors are exposed to an asset platform that cannot be replicated, and where Targa will clearly be a beneficiary in a recovering commodity price environment, benefiting from both improving prices and activity levels. So with that operator, please open up the line for questions.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yeah, we’re working through that now. There are a lot of projects we are seeing on the gathering and processing side. There’re a lot of ones that are unlikely to even breakout into details, some $10 million and $20 million CapEx. So we're aggregating those and looking through our areas. We are still really formulating that, but we are seeing significant amount of activity, especially on the gathering and processing side. So we think that is going to be similar CapEx or it really is likely to be higher, just depending on what major projects that we want to announce or put into that bucket.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think you’re certainly looking at the right map, and that’s a very attractive area. We’ve been pushing to the South, Southwest of Versado, and have opportunities on broadly the western side of our Sandhills facility. We've looked at; it wasn't that long ago we announced without precision a plant in between those, we look forward to the opportunities, are working on those kinds of opportunities, but don't have any additional details to provide you right now, Shneur, other than that color and a hope the color was helpful.
Joe Bob Perkins: What I would tell you is that we had fairly good visibility, while we were in the third quarter, but a lot of it is shored up and we have got a lot more clarity as we move into the fourth quarter recognizing that we would always want to be cautious relative to providing levels of detail in the third quarter, relative to fourth quarter, given the fact that there was at that time the potential for cancellations with the shape of the market. We experienced cancellations in the third quarter. We referenced that in our script, we referenced that on our third earnings call, but we felt good about the fourth quarter. But certainly now that we are in November and we’ve already had one month that has past and obviously we know what those volumes look like, we feel very good about providing you all in this context where we are going to be for the fourth quarter.
Joe Bob Perkins: I would say that we have a mixture of contracts that shape up, that contribute to our fourth quarter volumes, both in a variety of contract structure, whether they’d be short or long term.
Joe Bob Perkins: When we look at non-fuel O&M, we are very pleased the cost reduction across the company holding onto that cost reduction across the company and continuing to improve it on the margin. We, in fact have brought up facilities on the gathering and processing side and the downstream side, covering a lot of those costs by cost reduction. That’s something we are proud of.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think as we said in our prepared remarks is that the producers in South Texas area have the ability to move volumes around on an interruptible basis, and generally those are low margin volumes, and some of the levels at which people are willing to do that in the quarter were levels that we didn't want to approach. So our volumes were down on an interruptible basis, but our underpinned higher level margin volumes remained in place. Honestly, we do expect when we bring the Raptor plant on for us to be able to do a number of different things because of our asset position and the flexibility it provides from east to west, and we think our opportunities forward are significant.
Joe Bob Perkins: What we're doing in that 525 plus capital direction that we just described for 2017 are attractive return projects regardless of the mix of equity and debt.
Joe Bob Perkins: We take a longer term view of our all-in capital structure. So it’s certainly not quarter-to-quarter or even year-to-year. I think our long term target is with that 50% debt, 50% equity has worked for us over time. But in any given year or quarter it could be more heavily weighted towards debt or equity. So no, it’s not that we spend this much in Q1, so we are going to do that much equity. We're going to look at the balance of the year, look at the forecast, and then make the best decision from there.
Joe Bob Perkins: It is a DCF number and it may very well be included in adjusted EBITDA. Going back from memory is probably more than you want to hear. The deal was originally done towards the end of 2014. Someone needs to step up.
Joe Bob Perkins: March 2014. The recut of the deal was done midnight, December 31, 2014. That recut basically provided alternatives for our good customer Noble, as they looked at market opportunities and potential additional facilities to be combined with or without a condensate splitter. We said at the time, shortly after getting it done New Year's Eve, that that would not impact our forward economics of a project as if we had done it as originally negotiated, but instead, provided frankly an option payment for us. Over the next year, we did a lot of engineering work, worked with our customer to consider additional alternatives and then came back to essentially [doing] more flexible crude and condensates splitter project at the Channelview facility. We had not quantified the annual payment until this call, as I recall. On this call we described it as something over $40 million, payable in October and that will continue. We called it multi-year and we didn't say how long term of the contract was, but I think I would describe it as outside our forecast horizon. And that’s all good news. I think I started rambling with the history and may have forgotten the last points on your question.
Joe Bob Perkins: It’s not lumpy on when it falls [larger receipt], we will have to then account for it properly for our DCF calculations in the future. By the way, we’ll have to account for it a little bit different when the plant starts because there will be some operating cost assisted with running the plant.
Joe Bob Perkins: Lumpy and predictable. I’m sorry, clear as mud. Thanks for cleaning that up, Matt. I’m sorry I miss-answered the lumpy question.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, we have continuous dialogue with the rating agencies. We have a good relationship with both that rate us. So we'll be meeting with them here on an annual basis relatively shortly, and we will lay out our forecast and ago over what our plans are. It’s tough to handicap when they would be comfortable in making a move on us. It’s pretty difficult to predict. I think where we are right now, don't really view it as impacting much our ability to access the markets as evidenced by our note offerings, the 5 5/8 and 5 3/8. So it would be nice to get an upgrade. I think if you look at our credit metrics, we grade out to a higher credit rating than where we are? But I don't know that if it’s really needed to get attractive terms for financing
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. I think the three to four times at TRP, longer term I think we’d like to get TRC consolidated there. It would be nice to get our debt-to-EBITDA there at TRC by growing our EBITDA, would be to most economic way to get there. So as long as TRPs, we are in that three to four times and managing leverage there, we have time to manage the consolidated leverage to the long term profile that we’d like.
Joe Bob Perkins: So first question, we don't give a break out of what our Targa equity volumes or controlled volumes through our fractionation relative to third parties. I’d say that we have a mix of both. I think what I would say is that you’ve seen in our numbers; we’ve had some third party contracts go to other fractionation facilities. So that’s impacted our numbers on a year-over-year basis. Those were relatively low margin business that moved elsewhere. But, yes there is some risk of that. On prior calls, we don't have in this script, but the amount of third party contracts coming up over the next several years is relatively low. I actually do not have that at my fingertips. It was in last quarter's script, if you want to go look at it. So it’s relatively small the amount of contracts that would be really available to move over the near term.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone on the call for your patience. We hope that the additional color and the additional speakers work for you. Please feel free to contact Jen, Matt, or any of us with your questions. Thanks again.
Scott Pryor: Shneur this is Scott, I’ll try to take the first part of your question, and then I will take it over probably to Pat to address the second half. As far as LPG contracts and interest in extending contracts going forward, and what ‘17, ‘18 and forward look like. We're not prepared to give you any indication at this point, but what I would tell you is that the discussions are very robust with our existing and new potential customers on looking at long-term contracts going forward. We described in our prepared remarks that we are extending typical contracts that are negotiated on an annualized basis, and we're having success doing that, and we would like to get full understanding of what that looks like going forward as we mature throughout the balance of this year. But what I would tell you is that our belief is we’ll have success, we’ll be in the midst of all of the conversations, both in the Americas, as well as other parts of the world, that are continuing to develop. And with demand continuing to grow, we will have opportunities and I like our chances very, very well.
Scott Pryor: I don't speak to specific acreage dedications, but kind of consistent with the answer to the last question, we do have acreage dedications. We are building infrastructure. There is activity on that acreage, and we see a lot of additional activity through 2017. We continue to try to add acreage, and if you look at our Western Oklahoma system that you referred to the misaligned plans, we’re on the South, and the Southwest side of those facilities is where our incremental growth is occurring, and we expect it to continue.
Scott Pryor: Faisel, to a certain degree that is correct? You are going to see some seasonality in certain market areas, for instance, in Europe and obviously due to the weather trends and things of that nature. Obviously South America would shift to a different direction as a result of that. But overall, it would say that you could have some seasonality affecting what fourth quarter looks like. But also at the same time, I recognize the fact that during the third quarter and as we alluded to in our comments today, there was a lot of shifts that were brought on the market during the first half of this year, and given expansions on the export side of the business, there was a lot of vessels that were loaded, and as a result of that - there was a lot of inventory that was sitting in areas like Singapore and others, that was waiting for a market uptick. Weather has something to do with that, global demand has a lot to do with that, petrochemical usage. So yes, weather contributes to it, but there are other factors that you have to consider on both demands as well as from an inventory perspective, as it impacted the third quarter of this year.
Scott Pryor: Craig, this is Scott. We continue to be in that conversation. As you guys will recall, currently today we have the only facility in North America that exports ethylene on behalf of a very strategic customer that we have both in Belvieu as well as Galena Park. With that said, obviously the entire market as it relates to petrochemical expansion in ‘17 and ‘18 is trying to understand what the balance is going to look like for ethylene production, what the global demand is going to look like as it relates to that. Is it going to move out as ethylene or is it going to move out as derivatives. I think it’s likely going to be a mixture of both and we are involved in a variety of conversations that would be supportive of us looking just strategically at what it would take for us to enhance our abilities to load out ethylene. Given the fact that we’ve already got a facility that does it today, we’ve got infrastructure outside of the stated direct boundary lines of the asset at Galena Park, then obviously I think it makes strategic sense, economic sense and logistical sense for us to be involved in that conversation.
Scott Pryor: I would say we are not prepared to give any sort of lead into that sort of questioning. But there’s always that potential. But we would like to bake things a little bit more before we give any sort of indication.
Matt Meloy: We have not provided a breakout for the plant cost related infrastructure by line item. We're still working through our plan on that. So we will provide some more color about how much we think it is going to be in the Permian related to that plan. That’s one of the items we're still working through is what we think the cost is going to be for that. So we're still working on those pieces.
Matt Meloy: What you’re seeing out to there and you actually see a lot of that in SouthOK is a mix of the amount of ethane that we’re recovering. There are different contract structures at each plant, different transportation and other mechanisms that go into our decision of whether we recover or reject ethane. So typically when you see things moving around, I don't think we've seen a huge shift in the gas moving higher or lower GPM quality. It really has to do with more or less ethane being recovered.
Matt Meloy: And the biggest move when you go through, it was on the SouthOK system, which is where you go in and out of recovery and rejection more than the others, but we do make those market decisions at those other plants as well.
Matt Meloy: Speaking for Targa in particular, I think it would be better analysis to presume that the third quarter was driven down by the factors that Scott described, than the fourth quarter being driven up by strong seasonality.
Matt Meloy: Primarily it was Train 5 being operational for the full quarter, and there’s also some fuel and power and other things which ticked up a little bit in Q3 relative to Q2.
Matt Meloy: And John on the frac side, as we mentioned and we've mentioned it in previous quarters as well, we had some low margin contracts that rolled off from 2015 to 2016, added with that extraction economics for ethane, obviously have suffered some. But the positive side is we've seen some of that with the improvement of equity volumes from increased G&P production from our own plants has offset some of those types of negatives.
Matt Meloy: You’re exactly right. We are processing those at our Silver Oak facilities where we own 100% of Silver Oak I and 90% of Silver Oak II. When the Raptor comes on, it will go into the 50/50 JV. So you are exactly right.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. It will be reduced all in net economics to us when we move those through the Raptor plant, all things equal.
Matt Meloy: Sure. A lot of it is really going to depend on the timing of the cash flows for when the projects come on, the amount of spend. We’ve lived in the three to four times debt-to-EBITDA target at the partnership level really since we've been public. Right now we're at 3.8 times. So it’s towards the higher end, but we are still within the range. So we’re going to keep a close eye on that as we move through 2017. So it's going to depend on the environment where the ultimate CapEx shakes out. What our ultimate EBITDA is, commodity price levels are, and we’ll just have to take a view as we go through into 2017. What we wanted to highlight is don't be surprised, depending on the environment, if we were to do more than 50% equity for that growth CapEx in 2017. But again that’s really dependent on the environment, what the all-in budget is and what the outlook is.
Matt Meloy: I just want to make sure we are clear on one thing. It will be lumpy in the sense that we'll receive that payment in October. So the cash payments received with the -- so that will go from October every year, sorry. And I was thinking of that as predictable or not. But it is lumpy.
Matt Meloy: Well, I think the best way to think about this is, we're going to be receiving that $40 million plus payment in October. So as you think about modeling and planning that out, just have that as in there. We’ll include that, it will be in DCF. As Joe Bob mentioned, we’re still determining whether we are going to include that in EBITDA, and then when the plant is up and running, we will have some deduct for OpEx when the plant’s up and running.
Matt Meloy: And without saying what percentage was third party control. You did hear us say and explicitly so, that we are increasing our equity volumes. We are always seeking to have control of the volumes that are going through our fractionator, and I would say that we’ve done a better job of that over the last couple of years than we did in the first couple of years of our history.
