Scott Pryor: And then Jeremy, as it relates – this is Scott, as it relates to the LPG export business and the growth that we're seeing for 2023. Just recognize third quarter versus fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter volumes were up. We expect that our first quarter volumes here in 2023 will be up there. And then obviously, with the increase in production that we're seeing, on our integrated platform, speaking to what Pat was talking about feeding through our downstream assets, we see opportunities there for continued growth. And that is certainly complemented by the growth that we're seeing across the global marketplaces. Benefiting on that side is things like the reopening of the Chinese marketplace. Increased demand for PDH demand in Asia as a result of that. We’ve also seen improvements on the shipping side because we’re seeing new deliveries of VLGCs which is providing more liquidity on the water and certainly some improvements in efficiencies out of the Panama Canal. So I think the combination of all those, which will certainly also benefit with the small expansion that Jen spoke to in her opening comments, that will be online mid-year. That 1 million barrels per month of additional capacity will just complement what we’re doing. And as Jen also mentioned, we continue to be highly contracted while also feeling comfortable about the available space that we would have to participate in a spot market when the market presents itself. So that lends flexibility to our customers, reliability to our customers while also providing economic benefit to Targa when the pricing firms up at times.
Scott Pryor: Spiro, this is Scott. First off, I would say that when we look at Grand Prix, we’ve been – obviously, the success of that is evident. And the continued growth that we’ll see in the Permian will feed into that. Just recognize that as we enter into 2023, we’ve got some additional pump stations that will commission throughout 2023, probably more heavily in the first half of this year versus the back half of the year. And during that time frame, we would push our overall capacity up to what we call our nameplate of roughly 550,000 barrels a day just on the West leg alone. We feel comfortable that we can likely operate above that, call it, in the 600,000 barrel a day range. And then we will certainly be expediting as quickly as we can the installation of the Daytona pipeline. Fourth quarter of 2024 is kind of where we’re at with that. We’re calling at the end of 2024, but we’ll be working hard to make sure we get that online as quickly as possible. In the interim, if we do have some situations where we need to offload capacity, we’ve got a number of plants that are connected to multiple pipelines, and they’re not solely dependent upon just the Grand Prix pipeline. So we feel that we’ve got a lot of flexibility to manage through it. We certainly want to make sure that it’s preferred that the volumes are moving on our pipelines. But we’ve got some opportunities to manage through that, if necessary, if the volume growth exceeds our expectations.
Scott Pryor: Again, this is Scott. So when we look at the fractionation complex that we have, certainly bringing on GCF that the partnership has agreed to restart. That will start. We expect to commission that in the first quarter of 2024, and that will be needing capacity. I will say that when you look at our volumes that we had from third quarter to fourth quarter of 2022, those probably don’t illustrate exactly the volume growth that we’re seeing over time across our various assets and alluding to the comments that Pat made as it relates to our growth on the G&P side of our business. We did have some planned and unplanned outage at our facility during the fourth quarter, which really basically is behind us now. So we feel as though that we should be at our – basically at our full complement of fractionation capacity going forward. And some of that, when you look at the impacts of that, we’re also impacted by Winter Storm Elliott. We obviously have substantial amount of storage that allows us to manage the influx of products on the inbound side, whether it’s Y-grade, spec products as well as on the outbound side. So we feel very comfortable with that. But certainly, the additive of Train 9 coming on in the second quarter of next year will be an important piece of the pie for us from a fractionation perspective. As it relates to the distribution of products on the spec side, certainly, products of inflow of product coming into us. The LPG export facility that we have at Galena Park is a very important integral piece of our platform that we have today for propane as well as butanes. And again, what we mentioned earlier with the small expansion we have that provides us additional capacity there. And so we feel very comfortable with our expectations on that side. As it relates to ethane, certainly, the market continues to pull on the ethane molecule. We’ve had a number of petchem expansions that have been announced recently. New expansions have come online over the course of the last two years. And our team has done an excellent job as we’ve added fractionation capacity as we have future expansions that are coming online, the team has done an excellent job of increasing our connectivity to the downstream petrochemical market to make sure that we can clear that ethane molecule. So we view that that is a continuation of that. And I think the petchem industry is starting to really get more on solid footing as it relates to improvements in the global economy that going forward look good for us.
Matt Meloy: Yes. And just to add to that, Scott, and Jeremy, I know you asked about our optimization on our marketing, I’d say we had really good opportunities in the fourth quarter in both NGL markets and natural gas markets as we move a lot of volumes of both products. And when there’s increased volatility, which we saw in the fourth quarter, we were able to optimize and make some additional margin there. And we’re off to a strong start in the first quarter as well, which is why we kind of pointed to that in our 2023 guide. So we’re already kind of factoring in some of that that has already occurred this year. So we do expect a strong first quarter because of some of that optimization as well.
Matt Meloy: Sure. Yes, Jeremy, on capital allocation, our priority within how we want to spend both organically and return capital to shareholders. We want to start with a strong balance sheet and make sure we have flexibility to continue to invest and to continue to return capital to shareholders over time. The good thing about our forecast and what we’re showing this year is we think we can do all of that. We think we can grow our EBITDA, invest in our business while significantly increasing the dividend, which we did – or which we anticipate to do for 2023. I think we have the ability for future significant dividend increases as we go forward. Just as you look at our EBITDA growth, strong balance sheet, I think we’ll have some ability to continue to grow the dividend while continuing to buy back shares. We were pretty active in 2022, buying back shares. I see us being opportunistic in how we buy back those shares, but we have the significant ability to continue to repurchase shares. So that is where we see us position, growing our EBITDA, growing our dividend and reducing our share count over time.
Matt Meloy: Yes, sure. Hey, Colton. We really benefited from a couple of things there. We had, as I mentioned before, some optimization just related to our marketing activities in both NGL marketing and gas marketing. What Scott also mentioned is our fracs that we had some planned and unplanned maintenance, we were bringing in more fractionation volumes, and we were able to fractionate. So here in the first quarter, those are behind us, and we’ll be operating closer to nameplate, so we have the opportunity to either build inventory or to do some offload. So we were able to execute some offload at cheaper rates than our overall T&F. So it kind of creates the margin spread for us even though our volumes did move up as much. So I’d say we have more volumes coming in than kind of what was reported because that’s what we actually fracked, but we were able to do some third-party offloads that work is really behind us. So we have more capacity now in Q1. So that is, for us, creating a little bit more flexibility in terms of the overall frac market. And with other fracs coming on in 2023, we see some looseness in 2023 in the frac market. So we’ll be able to, I think, be in good position ahead of GCS start-up and Train 9 coming on. But it was really a combination of all those things.
Matt Meloy: Yes, sure. So for – we have the five plants that we have announced. And also said in the script, we are ordering long lead time items for another plant in the Permian Midland. So we factored in some of that CapEx into this overall guidance. So it really depends on when we greenlight that and say, okay, we are going forward with it. So there could be some additional shift of capital if we greenlight that plant sooner rather than later. And I’d say right now, we are evaluating even though we’re adding Wildcat II and Roadrunner II, we are evaluating potentially another plant out in the Delaware. So we’re going to see kind of how the first part of this year plays out and if we need to go forward with another plant sooner rather than later. Right now, that’s not factored in. We’re evaluating. We have a lot of plants coming on between the Midway Wildcat II, Roadrunner, and we have some offload capability. So we’re trying to be capital efficient there, but we kind of have our eye on when we’re going to need another plant in the Delaware. As far as frac Train 10, again, I think let’s see how volumes kind of play out this year and what producers are saying for next year. We have Train 9 coming on. We have GCF coming on. But we are talking about when we’re going to need Train 10 when you have kind of 10-ish percent growth on the footprint that we have, that significant amount of NGLs moving through Grand Prix moving into our frac. So I’d say we’re having discussions on when we’re going to need to add Train 10, and we’re trying to kind of evaluate that as the year plays out.
Matt Meloy: Yes, sure. What’s great about where we’re moving that is it’s connected to our existing footprint, so the Roadrunner II will be right next to the Roadrunner I plant, which was part of the Lucid acquisition. There’s the Red Hills complex and the Roadrunner, which will now be a complex when we add that there. The overall capital fed is about $120-or-so million for that move. So it is capital efficient relative to just doing a new build. The new builds are, say, closer to $175 million, give or take. Those are – the new builds are about $275 million. The Roadrunner move is about, call it, $230-or-so million. So you get a little more capacity on the new build, but still on a per unit basis, a little bit better for the move and timing, being able to move it does help our timing. As Pat mentioned, we’re getting tighter on capacity out there. So moving it is quicker than just putting a new build out there.
Matt Meloy: We’re also working to connect Roadrunner and integrate that system into Grand Prix, so we’re building that line now.
Matt Meloy: Yes. We expect volumes to start moving higher here as we get into the year. What you see there is Grand Prix is mix between Permian and our North leg, which goes up into Oklahoma. We’ve seen continued growth on our West leg. We have seen volumes move South a little bit kind of as we’ve not as much strength there as you’ve seen in the Permian. So it’s looked relatively flat. But we are already seeing it. Frankly, the start of this year we’re seeing volumes move higher, and that’s what we would expect in Grand Prix as we move through the year, pretty strong growth there.
Matt Meloy: Yes. We are seeing some higher costs, whether it's compression pipelines or just the larger facilities we're putting in place. And I'd say part of the CapEx, too, that included in the 1.8, 1.9 this year is us with longer lead times on some of the assets, we are buying some compression right now, which is longer lead time, which is actually for 2024. So part of it is us getting ready because I know there's going to be future growth next year because lead times have been extended is pushing some more CapEx into this year as well. So part of it has been inflation, part of it is us trying to get ahead of kind of some of the supply chain disruptions and lead time growth.
Matt Meloy: Yes. I'd say – just to add to that, I think as we think about going forward, 5% to 7% is still kind of what we think about and how we would articulate returns. We were able to execute better than that. If you look back over the last five years, closer to 4 times. And also part of that is we were successful in investments like, for example, GCX. We invested and we sold that at a significant multiple of capital, a really good return for us, and that kind of nets into the CapEx number. So we had some onetime items like that, which also helped drive that higher. But I think 5% to 7% is a good kind of planning case and we'll of course try to beat that through optimizing, but 5% to 7% is a good point in case.
Matt Meloy: Yes. I think over time, that's a reasonable assumption. I'd say now what we have been seeing recently is potentially even a little bit more capital efficient than that. So maybe a little bit less as some of our producers are being more efficient with where they're drilling; so– but it can vary from year-to-year. So I'd say that's not an unreasonable assumption. Maybe I'll take the under on that. Maybe it's a little bit less gathering and compression versus the $175 million to fill up a plant but it can vary from year-to-year as well.
Jen Kneale: This is Jen. I don’t think that there are any missing pieces to the portfolio. I think we are very pleased with the asset footprint that we have and see significant opportunities for continued organic investment going forward that will help underpin that increasing year-over-year EBITDA growth that we expect. The Blackstone acquisition, you’re exactly right. That, in our view, was an acquisition, but a simplification as well. And I think operationally and in terms of how we invest capital around our NGL transportation assets going forward, it just gives us enhanced flexibility. So we do see that as sort of the final piece of our simplification story. Going back to beginning with the DevCo and then the TRC preferred repurchase.
Jen Kneale: Spiro, this is Jen. We’re really proud of the efforts of our commercial teams over the last many years to put in fee floors really across our gathering and processing businesses. And part of what we wanted to provide today was additional information that indicates that the Targa of today looks very different than the Targa of several years ago. And a big reason for that is the fee floors that we have in place. So we tried to publish was that if you had a significant move downward in commodity prices, it would be, call it a 30% down move would be about a $60 million impact to our 2023 adjusted EBITDA. And I think that is again reflective of not only the fee floors, but we also just have a lot more fee-based margin now both on the logistics and transportation side, which is essentially all fee-based margin and then also on the gathering and processing side, where the Lucid acquisition was the latest element of fee-based margin that we brought into the portfolio. So I really think it’s a combination of a number of factors that we think demonstrates that Targa’s downside exposure is significantly reduced today than what it was previously. And that’s all enhanced by our hedging program that really hasn’t changed over the last several years. But I do think that it’s realistic to assume that in a 30% leg down in commodity prices across the Board versus what we had in our guidance, the fee floors would all be in play at that point.
Jen Kneale: I think that we have demonstrated a commitment to our producers to continue to invest capital and infrastructure to support their drilling activities. But in order to do that, we need to have protections in place that we’ll get at least a minimum rate of return on that invested capital. And so I think that we have seen good support in our areas where we are spending capital to put in fee floors and we are trying to bring that to other basins as well as contracts come up for expiration or there’s a catalyst for a renegotiation. And I do think it creates excellent alignment for us to continue to invest and benefit from higher commodity prices, but have a little bit of production in a lower commodity price environment. I think it’s difficult to see us going from 85% fee-based margin to 100% fee-based margin just by the nature of our assets. I think we’re also very comfortable with the commodity price exposure that we have, particularly if it can be with a fee floor structure in place. So I think that’s the trend that will continue for us. And our commercial teams have really done a great job of putting those fee floors in place when they’ve had the opportunity to do so. And so I believe that, that will continue to be a big point of focus for us, but it’s difficult to predict what that means in terms of where fee-based margin goes in the future. But I would expect that we will continue to have more margin protected with the fee floor structure.
Jen Kneale: Colton, this is Jen. What tends to happen is through the year, we overestimate what our ad val costs may end up being just because we generally tend to forecast conservatively. And so as those costs come in throughout the year, it means that often fourth quarter OpEx for us steps down a little bit versus prior quarters on that front. So that was a benefit for us in the fourth quarter. And then our teams have also done just an excellent job of managing our operating expenses as well. Within the fourth quarter, we did have OpEx associated with Winter Storm Elliott, which our team did a great job of managing through. We’ll actually have a little bit of OpEx that comes into the first quarter related to Winter Storm Elliott, but it’s also just a really well management, particularly on the G&P side, where we did have the step up or expected step-up from the Lucid acquisition and then managed it very, very well. On the downstream side, we had the benefit also of lower ad valorem costs in the fourth quarter. And we also had repairs and maintenance in the third quarter that Scott mentioned. And so there was a step down there just because we did not have those repairs and maintenance in the fourth quarter. Those were one-time.
Jen Kneale: On the hedge disclosures that we gave this morning on the natural gas side, that’s aggregated swaps across everywhere that we hedge. So I’d say that the majority of those hedges are Waha swaps where actually would say that Waha prices for balanced 2023 are now lower than where we have hedged. So it’s a little bit of a mixed bag depending on each basis point that we hedge to and the swaps that we have in place there. On the NGL side, I think where prices are right now is really since the beginning of the year, we’ve seen NGL prices that are a little bit higher than where we have hedges in place. We’ll just have to see how that plays out for calendar 2023, and we’ll be continuing to layer in hedges as we move through time and then our exposure to WTI crude prices just isn’t that significant, but prices are a little bit lower, I think, today than where we’ve got our hedge prices sitting.
Jen Kneale: No, I think that’s fair. We had, call it, north of $400 million of hedged losses in 2022, and we’ve said that we’re hedged at higher prices this year. So articulated that that was a tailwind for 2023 relative to 2022. And then when we think about where hedges are relative to where prices sit today, maybe a little bit of a tailwind, but we’ll have to see how it plays out through the year.
Jen Kneale: And just so we touch on every quarter of growth for Grand Prix. In the second quarter, we'll have Legacy II coming online and then the additional capacity available at Midway. So those will be nice catalysts in the second quarter.
Jen Kneale: I think that we've actually seen an improvement in those returns, partially because as a result of, I think, being very capital efficient when we bring new projects online, they tend to be very well utilized, particularly on the gathering and processing side. So we've actually seen the returns improve just as a result of utilization as we try to get plants constructed as quickly as possible, but as Pat mentioned, sometimes have to operate the system overcapacity prior to a new plant coming online and/or utilized third-party offloads, that means that once the new plant is online, it tends to be very highly utilized or at least that has been our very recent history. And so I think that's driving returns lower on that side of the business – returns higher on that side of the business, so multiples lower, sorry.
