Matt Meloy: Okay. And just before we open that up, I just have one last comment. At TRC when I went through the tax rates for TRC, I said we expect a zero to 5% effective cash tax rate for 2015 and 2016 that was in the standalone case or in the previous guidance. Just want to be clear pro forma for the announced buy-in transaction we would expect no taxes at TRC for the foreseeable future. And with that we can open up to questions.
Matt Meloy: Yes, sure, Jeremy, just first on the tax piece, because of the basis step-up that will be happening inside TRC, we see zero taxes, Joe Bob said for the foreseeable future, it's – well beyond five years, we don't estimate being a taxpayer depending on what EBITDA and other assumptions you use because of the step-up inside TRC, we think we'll be in a low to zero tax position for a very long time, kind of through our five-year plus forecast horizon and then even beyond that. So, TRC is going to be in a good tax position going forward with this transaction. And then coverage, our long-term coverage target is still going to be 1.1X to 1.2X. We know the cases that we laid out had lower coverage than that. Joe Bob mentioned in his remarks we're going to working towards finding additional projects and trying to improve on that forecast that we gave to try and get our coverage back to those target levels. But right now, just with the assumptions that we put in and the forecast that the Board looked at, it kind of resulted in some declining coverage over time. We're going to try and do better than those forecasts. Those forecasts have $600 million of growth CapEx approximately by year. We have a lot of other opportunities that might be able to add some economic projects to help fill in some of that.
Matt Meloy: Yes, we spoke to the rating agencies. We would expect them to be coming out shortly with their view, given that the financing structure is essentially the same yesterday as it will be pro forma the transaction, we don't see a material difference happening. I think over time, the improved credit profile, because of higher retained cash flows, is going to be a net positive to the rating agencies, but it's essentially the same capital structure before the deal and after the deal.
Matt Meloy: Sure, relative to funding needs for 2016, we've typically targeted about a 50% mix of debt, 50% equity. And in the forecast, in that consensus case, that's approximately what we assume for those leverage metrics targets for the forecast period, so we're pretty close to that 50:50 in that environment. And then of course we'll look and make a determination on a year-by-year basis. Some years will be more debt, some years will be more equity, and we'll always have to make the best judgment at the time. We issued preferred at NGLS. Issuing NGLS common was getting, in our view, was not the lowest cost of capital and the best means to issue, so we went out with the preferred equity issuance earlier this year at NGLS. We raised $125 million. So I'd say that is something that we'll continue to look at. And if it makes sense and it's a lower piece of capital than our other alternatives, it's something we will consider. So that could be a piece of the additional equity needs for 2016 as well.
Matt Meloy: Yes, good question. If you look at the presentation in that consensus pricing case, we have 4.3 and it's relatively flat debt-to-EBITDA forecast. That's pretty closed to the high end of our target. We'd prefer that number to be 4.0 or lower. So, it's something we'll have to look at, whether it's – have to watch. If EBITDA could come in a little bit stronger than our forecast or we may issue a little bit more equity for our CapEx, maybe more than 50:50. But at 4.3 we're not – I'm a lot more comfortable between 3 and 4, but 4.3 doesn't give us any huge concern over here either.
Matt Meloy: Yes, I think there is a pretty good opportunity for them to either equalize or upgrade possibly TRC since we'll have the – it will all be one credit family. So I think they're going to come out with more specifics around that, and we'll have to have subsequent discussions once we get through close how they're going to look at that. But I think there is an opportunity for the TRC standalone ratings to potentially improve.
Matt Meloy: Yes, good question. We talked about that. I think where we're more comfortable in saying is we just don't expect to be a cash taxpayer for an extended period of time. You're right, there is a bunch of different ways to calculate that PV, how long, what scenario, how much CapEx to spend and the like, so I think we're just more comfortable saying we don't expect to be a cash taxpayer.
Matt Meloy: Yes, and I'll start with the easier answer. In the presentation, if you flip through, we have the commodity price assumptions laid out for both the consensus pricing and the strip, that's on page six and it's on page eight, so we've got the WTI, NGL and natural gas. For the LPG exports, we've given guidance for next year, for 2016. We would expect 5 million or more barrels per month for 2016. We have not given and we don't have in our assumptions an assumption for 2017 and 2018, so we aren't giving that color for 2017 and 2018, but just 2016.
Matt Meloy: Sure, we took a look at Sanchez's financials, had discussions with their management, cash forecast. They've got today significant cash in their balance sheet and they are in good position to continue drilling for, in our view, an extended period of time to continue to drill. We've also, through the 50:50 ownership in the processing plant and in the assets, they're going to be incentivized and whether it's them or another party if they were – if there's any transaction, they will be incentivized to continue to flow down the assets that we own because the other party owns 50%. So, Sanchez has incentivized the flow through the gathering, through the processing. And anyone else that own those assets would be incentivized to flow down those gathering pipes and the processing plant.
Matt Meloy: Okay. I don't have, we're working through obviously the accounting impact of what will go on the books, but just, simplistically, the total transaction value is about $12 billion for the total transactions and you back off the units that we already own, that won't be receiving the step up and then you can split that on a amortization schedule. So, we assume most of the step up would be getting seven-year makers and then there is some that's going to be straight-lined over a longer period of time, call it 14 years, 15 years.
Matt Meloy: Okay. So, to your first question is kind of what's the CapEx amount in that price sensitivity case. So the $600 million I mentioned was for the Street consensus price case, the higher price case. In the price sensitivity case, if you look on page 15, we outlined the growth CapEx assumptions and it's about $400 million in 2017 and $225 million in 2018, so there is less CapEx assumed in the price sensitivity case.
Matt Meloy: Good question. We assumed essentially the same volumes. We ran the volume outlook using that price sensitivity case, using that lower strip case and came up with where we thought volumes would be for the next several years. And then we did – it's a price sensitivity. There are some other adjustments Joe Bob talked about, but it's essentially a price response to get to that higher price case.
Matt Meloy: In the ATM we did not issue any since our call last. I think we had a small piece before our earnings call in July, but we've been effectively out of the ATM at NGLS since our last earnings call.
Matt Meloy: The ATM has worked well for us at NGLS. So that's something that we'll take a hard look at, does not make sense up at TRGP. We've had good success at NGLS using that. So that's certainly something we'll consider at TRGP.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you. Let me start at the top I think and come back on if I don't address them all. First of all, we have a rule as we're doing these calls that no one looks at the market ticker. We're giving a call based on nine months of performance and we're making a strategic move for Targa for the long-term. So I don't know what the near term market reaction is missing, but I hope that the longer term market reaction is focused on that long-term, that stronger Targa for multiple various price environments and how we will perform better than standalone and that's what we're trying to talk through. The advisors, the Conflicts Committee, and the board were all focused on that. And I think we'll figure out what the market is missing over the next days, weeks and months. There is a breakup fee. It is a sort of normal breakup fee, call it, starts with a C, my favorite word for that, a customary breakup fee, it is less than $100 million and it will appear in the proxy. Did I miss anything? I am looking around the table, okay.
Joe Bob Perkins: It's reciprocal. And it's not exactly $100 million and it's slightly different. TRC has the ability to extend it over time and you'll see that in the proxy.
Joe Bob Perkins: The strategic assessments have been going on for some time and the buy-in transaction has been on that list. It sort of gave me two choices, I would say the choice of a gradual evolution was the better of the two. Dialogue, analysis, would say that there was not a deal there until this weekend. The TRP Conflicts Committee, the TRC Board and later the TRP Board, following management's recommendation, were first analyzing it as a possibility among many and then came to agreement that they should consider it specifically for a short period of time. And I'm pleased to say across the weekend we believed that we could make it happen, and yesterday, into last evening, worked on the specific details that were contingent to both sides supporting it.
Joe Bob Perkins: That weekend description should still sound like, I think your gradual evolution towards the answer.
Joe Bob Perkins: TJ, I think the last part of the question, you started answering it, or at least from my perspective. The delay in those projects, most of them are when, not if, kind of projects, have been more driven by commodity prices and producer activity and downstream activity than delayed by our cost of capital. For the bulk of them and the ones that have visibility, that's certainly the case. So I think levels of capital investment are indicated in those example scenarios. We have more CapEx in the base-case consensus scenario than we do in the lower-price scenario. And that's kind of how I think it will play out. I'm pretty sure that we will not experience either one of those smooth commodity price curves and that activity will be a function of where we are in the price curves and where we are in the forwards.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, I'm glad someone asked that question, because it can appear based on what you see publicly that that was sequenced the way you just described it, that's not the case. The strategic alternative assessment has been going on well across that October 5 announcement across the issue of the retail preferred, and management and the Board, on things that the Board – the Boards plural – and things that they had to approve, were managing the company the way we needed to manage the company if no strategic alternative levers were pulled. In fact, the retail preferred was on the strategic alternative levers for a long time, that's a good move regardless of doing this buy-in or not doing this buy-in. It's an additive tool to the overall capital structure at a cost of equity that was significantly cheaper than NGLS. So, please out there, don't interpret that something changed from the time we were doing those financings, for example, right after Labor Day when we did notes, we needed to do notes. It was good timing, nice window. For example, the retail preferred, we wanted to put that club in our golf bag and be able to use it later. And Matt said he's going to continue to use that later if it works with our other equity opportunities.
Joe Bob Perkins: I also am glad you asked the questions about whether it was defensive. The defensive nature of this is related to trying to manage, and we've been trying to manage since the first part of the year, what we look like in a lower-for-longer. This is a stronger target in lower-for-longer. And we're not planning on lower-for-longer, but we want to be ready and positioned for it. And this move positions us for those kind of price scenarios just as it positions us well for improvements in the higher-price, better recovery price scenarios.
Joe Bob Perkins: Two things; one, you get to see our numbers kind of rolled up together, okay. And beginning in the first part of the year, we're going to add Buffalo and we're going to add Train 5 and there's going to be additional OpEx coming with those, just by that very nature, we've got to hire some operators for them, for example. However, yes, I expect continued operating expense and capital improvements across the company. I expect. Now I'm doing forecasting. I believe that we will largely offset those increases for Buffalo and Train 5 with the cost savings that we're achieving. Because everybody is really focused on it, we've got area managers working together. Mike, was it three weeks ago, we had maybe third area manager meeting of the year. Those guys are sharing best practices across the entire footprint, very focused, and in every one of those sessions I see the energy of, here is the good ideas I've been doing. What have you been trying to do about this? Wow! I bet I could do that also. That's why I believe that there will continue to be cost saving by asset and potentially even cost savings despite bringing on more assets. G&A is not dissimilar.
Joe Bob Perkins: We've been pretty open on these calls that with the higher cost of capital that we were experiencing with NGLS, we had sent the signal to our organization to insist upon higher returns in the contractual negations, their asset planning projects. And I believe that they have done so. I still believe that the bulk of major projects meet our sort of thresholds in either world. But there are some other smaller ones, medium-size ones that probably don't come to us, and I am aware of projects that we would have done in the past that would not be brought to us in the recent higher cost of capital environment. So, I believe it's a positive – positive over time, but we had an earlier question that said, how much more projects are you going to do because of that. I think that that's an overly aggressive way of trying to model it. Instead, the projects we are doing will bring us higher net returns and some projects on the margin that might not have been brought forward for approval are likely to come forward.
Joe Bob Perkins: From the back side to the front side of those questions, yes the approvals are not expected to be a big deal on the regulatory front. We are there (0:59:13) on the acquisition and HSR should be quickly terminated. It's just a taxing opportunity at this point. As far as the premium management, our conversations with our Boards and the Conflicts Committee recognize that premium is a result, not an objective as we were discussing this. It's the exchange ratio that is the economic trait and that 0.62 exchange ratio was – ratios around that were evaluated by both sides. I'm not going to describe the trade-off of things and the scheme of things, but in reality, the premium, this 18% premium was a function of what day we got the deal done on, not an objective.
Joe Bob Perkins: John, the team here, we've got a very strong financial risk management team. You should assume that we've done everything we can within contracts, et cetera, to protect ourselves. I was having discussions with our board that there was a great deal of thought and creativity that went into those agreements, but we've got CAs on what is actually in those agreements, that was mitigated to the maximum extent possible is probably the right way to put it. And we feel good about this as a standalone project. Sanchez, I understand people are saying about their – sort of where their equity is and what the credit might look like. They're a very good operator and they've had very good success in what people thought was a less productive part of the Eagle Ford and we will benefit greatly from those volume commitments and the drilling requirement that's associated with the original shale leases is public for Sanchez or whoever else to hold on to that lease. So, in the scheme of things, big picture, this is a good deal for Targa.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think those numbers certainly were important factors in the decision which is why we took you through pages six through nine in some detail. It certainly managed – was a big part of management's recommendation because entering into this transaction creates that stronger Targa regardless of price environment. I feel really good about sort of this next future step for Targa and what it looks like. I don't feel very good about my ability to predict commodity prices. And I believe that the boards and the TRC Conflicts Committee looking at those factors or similar factors reached a similar conclusion that all of our stakeholders were better off regardless of the commodity price scenario you pick with this new transaction.
Joe Bob Perkins: I don't know that I would describe weighing on the process. Our forecast which we forecast and re-forecast kind of all the time have done the best we can to contemplate what does Targa look like in a variety of price scenarios. These are two illustrative ones. And coverage and leverage are something we're trying to manage all the time.
Joe Bob Perkins: I know it may be a new topic, but it's a very old thing for Targa to be managing our Gathering & Processing contracts to add these to POP and I think we've publicly described it for at least 9 years or 10 years. Constantly doing that, when you get in a different price environment there may be more opportunities to try to do that. So, it's been a constant effort for us and we sort of haven't described it as anything new or different, trying to be fee based where we can like North Dakota. Some people are now trying to switch from POP to fee based in North Dakota which means they will look more like our contracts. And as we look at POP contracts coming up where we have attractive competitive position, we're trying to improve those terms both on the terms of the POP and on the fee. We talk of a POP contract anytime it has a POP component but some ours are really hybrids. They maybe – the margin impact maybe as large on the fee side as it is on the POP side in the current contract forms and that effort continues.
Joe Bob Perkins: The TPL set of assets are now being managed as one family. In their history they had switched some from POP to fee at a time that was important for them to do so, and those efforts continue. I think there are still opportunities there for additional fees and/or improved POP just as there are additional opportunities for that as contracts come up and as new acreage dedications are achieved, and as new contracts are reached as we extend our systems.
Joe Bob Perkins: Mike was telling me to remind everybody that much of our P&P portfolio is already primarily fee, essentially 100% fee. I mentioned the Badlands, much of Oklahoma, South Texas is all fee.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, that was based on the forward curve some time ago when we pulled that, so you see gas was around $3, crude was $47 going to low and then the mid $50s. And then for the NGL we looked at the forward curve as well, but then increased prices, you will see it kind of increasing with the crude oil contango [ph]. So, I would say it was strip base but it wasn't just simply a strip on this day and we used it, we've kind of looked at it over a period of time and then made the adjustment to NGLs.
Joe Bob Perkins: And I would say it would – you know how we think about any years coverage really does depend on our longer term view for where coverage is going. So if we're able to add projects and we are able to add EBITDA and it's a relatively healthier environment as we are looking out, it's not necessarily a target of 1.1X to 1.2X in 12 months or 24 months out. We will look out several years. We will look at our project backlog, look at the environment, and then make an assessment for how much of that coverage we would want to distribute and then how much we would want to keep, and so that's a decision we will kind of make on a quarterly basis, but we will take all those factors given the environment, given price contango, project backlog and the like and just have to make that call as we go throughout this forecast.
Joe Bob Perkins: So at TRP there is the 5.5X covenant and that remains unchanged and that's going to be the governor or that's where we will have less room under our compliance being low 4X relative to 5.5X. Once this buy in occurs, all the cash flows will be flowing out of TRP up through TRC and will be available for that credit facility at the TRC level. So pro forma for this transaction is going to be under 1X debt-to-EBITDA, so if you're okay on compliance at TRP, you're going to be okay on compliance at TRC. So that's why we didn't highlight or talk about it, it's a 4X what – it steps down over time but it's 4.75X down to 4X debt-to-EBITDA up at TRC standalone and pro forma for this will be less than 1.0X.
Joe Bob Perkins: So we would have options and flexibility there whether we wanted to raise debt at TRP or TRC. I would say likely raising incremental notes offering given most of our notes are at or all of our notes are at TRP, that would likely be our primary funding mechanism and place that we would go. But we've issued debt at TRC before so that is an option, but we would be able to – where we should be able to do either.
Joe Bob Perkins: On the first level Michael covering that not negative, but less than one coverage and increasing interest expense relative to that by saving the $400 million to $600 million in these two illustrative scenarios is a benefit to our external capital needs.
Joe Bob Perkins: That sequential step up was not driven at all by the Sanchez arrangement. And I actually need to look back at the numbers. I don't think it was very large. There was not a NGL increase because NGLs are primarily taken kind from the current Silver Oak facilities.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think what I said earlier was for the price consensus case that it was approximately 50:50 is the assumption that we use in the model. Going forward I'd say in the price sensitive case, it's slightly – it is a bit of a higher ratio. We did a little bit more equity financing for the price sensitivity case in a similar dollar amount.
Joe Bob Perkins: Good question and I did ask that and no there is nothing specifically that prohibits us from doing another MLP.
Joe Bob Perkins: I'd say we are in – we feel like we're in a good position to continue to meet customers' needs through our facility. We took that into consideration when we came out with our expectations for 2016 of 5 million barrels a month or higher. We know there is additional capacity coming online but that was taken into account in our numbers. Yes, we said we're 4.2 million barrels per month or greater contracted for 2016. And so we feel like for 2016 we're in good position, we have a good set of assets and a good track record of being able to deliver and meet our customers need.
Joe Bob Perkins: We said on our last call with a similar question, sort of depends on how you're describing erosion. Long-term margins are similar to the way they've been in our short history of having VLCC shipments from our facility. The spot margins were higher in the first part of 2014 than they have been in 2015. But, beyond that we haven't given a whole lot of color. What you see is the results, the economic results of volumes continuing. They are kind of similar on that margin to the extent you can calculate them. And I think that that's not a whole lot of erosion. The big erosion was with super spiked spot opportunities back in 2014 to what our sort of current level is today.
Joe Bob Perkins: So our leverage target since we went public with the TRP in February of 2007, it was 3X to 4X debt-to-EBITDA. And so for right now what we're saying is, we're just going to leave that unchanged at the TRP level, target the 3X to 4X. As we move forward in time does that evolve to a consolidated look as we have discussions with the agencies? Possibly. But I think right now, we'll just kind of stick with our 3X to 4X leverage target at TRP.
Joe Bob Perkins: There is some more CapEx here, there is higher CapEx so there is project related to the EBITDA so you could say, maybe there's some volume assumption with that, but generally speaking it's more or less price sensitivity.
Joe Bob Perkins: I don't think we've contemplated the opportunity set being affected by the new structure and lower cost of capital. When we think about acquisitions we're always thinking first about what is the assets and businesses that you might acquire and whether it would fit the target and whether we could add value to it. And then we look at whether the math would work. Obviously, in the higher cost of capital that we were experiencing with NGLS we had said at least on a couple of calls that smaller bolt-on's are the more likely things to occur in the near to medium term. I still think that's our primary focus. But we always look at lots of things. Just the math may not work as well. In the environment where we had only the higher cost of NGLS for all practical purposes to utilize and with a more competitive cost of capital, it may help sometime in the future.
Joe Bob Perkins: Operator, we don't have any other questions. Excuse me, that's what they are telling me at the table. Besides that we've gone on for an hour and a half. I think we ought to bring it to a close. We very much appreciate everyone's patience as we went through the material. I certainly enjoyed the Q&A with you all and hope that we have been able to shed light on both third quarter performance and this exciting and attractive announcement that we made today. If you have any other questions, please give us call and have a good day.
