Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks, Chris. Welcome and thanks to everyone for joining. Following our customary format, I'll start off with a high level review of our third quarter 2014 performance highlights. Then Matt will review the Partnership's consolidated financial results, segment results and other financial matters for the Partnership. He'll also cover key financial matters related to Targa Resources Corp. following Matt's comments, I'll provide some concluding remarks, then we'll take your questions. Obviously, we've had some important announcements since last quarter, including TRP's execution of a definitive agreement to acquire Atlas Energy L.P., and TRP's execution of a definitive agreement to acquire Atlas Pipeline Partners, L.P., also our successful completion of an $800 million 4.125% senior notes offering. Although Matt will discuss the senior notes offering in more detail, I want to say that the enormous demand that we saw for the new issue and year-to-date record yield for a callable high yield note is reflective of the confidence that the debt markets have in the Targa story. And also, I want to point to our press release announcing Board approval for two additional processing plants, one in the Delaware Basin and one in the Williston Basin. Because this is our first public opportunity to really discuss the new processing plants, I want to provide some additional color on the new plants during my concluding remarks. Now the primary focus of this call is third quarter performance, but I will provide a brief update on the Atlas transaction here in the introduction. We completed and submitted our initial HSR filings on October 24th and I am very happy to report that this morning we received verbal notice that we have received early termination, so very good job for those people who worked on that filing. We expect to file our proxy at TRC soon, perhaps within a couple of weeks from now, and we continue to expect the transaction to close in the first quarter of 2015. As we said on the day of announcement, we are very enthusiastic about this strategic transaction and continue to believe that it’s a great deal that benefits all equity holders. We understand and appreciate your interest and natural questions on the topic. But for additional information on the transaction, we need to point you back to our transaction announcement presentation and to a replay of that conference call. Both of those are available on our website. And we can point you forward to the public documents soon to be filed with the SEC that will contain additional information, including financial outlook information. Now that wraps up all that we plan to say about the Atlas transaction. So let’s turn now to third quarter performance highlights. It was a very good quarter. Our reported third quarter adjusted EBITDA of $247 million was 58% higher compared to $156 million for the third quarter of last year. The Logistics and Marketing division operating margin was 75% higher and the Field G&P segment operating margin was 39% higher than the third quarter of 2013. The Logistics and Marketing division produced quarterly operating margin of $180 million, primarily driven by higher LPG export activity and higher fractionation activity. The last piece of the Phase 2 expansion was the addition of another de-ethanizer at Mont Belvieu which we completed in early September. Our other phase 2 capabilities, including pipeline dock and additional refrigeration, were added earlier in 2014. The added capabilities from our new projects helped drive record LPG export volumes which were 273% higher than the third quarter of 2013. As you probably recall, Phase 1 of our international export project began loading a few test ships with low ethane propane for the first time since September of 2013. The margin increase in Field Gathering and Processing was primarily driven by: significant contribution increases from Badlands compared to the third quarter of 2013, experiencing large increases in both crude gathered and natural gas gathered and processed; and the margin increase was also driven by higher natural gas inlet volumes across all of our other field systems. Our distributable cash flow for the quarter of $193 million resulted in distribution coverage of approximately 1.5 times based on our third quarter declared distribution of $0.7975 or $3.19 on an annual basis. The Partnership’s third quarter distribution represents a 9% increase compared to the third quarter of 2013. If we look at the TRC level, the third quarter dividend of $0.7325, or $2.93 annualized, represents a 29% increase compared to the third quarter of 2013. Now that wraps up that my initial comments and I'll hand it over to Matt.
Joe Bob Perkins: I didn’t find that a particularly surprising deal and I don’t think that those in the industry did either, good deal for them but I don’t see it impacting the competitiveness of the Houston Ship Channel for propane, ethane, LPG, butane exports.
Joe Bob Perkins: Sure, let me separate them for a little bit more color for you. Starting with the Permian, we’ve been working on a project like that project for some time as almost everybody knows Sand Hills was full. And we look towards helping Sand Hills we first created the Midland pipeline and are processing gas for the Sand Hills system over at SAOU at our High Plains plant, that allows us to continue the contract but ultimately that’s a short-term solution because of the growth at SAOU. The plant on the Western side of the Sand Hills system allows us to better access it hydraulically puts us in a superior position for serving the far Western high development area. I think one time we said publicly there is no doubt we’re going to put a plan out there, it’s just a question of whether the 200 million a day or 300 million a day plant economies of scale to get between the 200 and 300 are not much and that shows our strong belief of the continued long-term development potential in the area. It will be serving both dedicated acreage for existing customers and contracts that we’re currently working on, but we feel very good about the potential for that plant. You go to North Dakota and that new facility also a little bit upsize due to economies of scale is just trying to keep up with our existing customers and existing dedications and their oil wells being much better than original it’s been reasonably anticipated and more gas from those oil wells than even recently anticipated. When you think of that is really serving just our existing customers. So little bit different, do not require increases in rig counts, think of it as benefiting from existing levels of rig counts and benefiting even more so if rig counts increase in the area.
Joe Bob Perkins: I understand, yes I did say attractive and I said even more so in North Dakota without pointing to the 5 to 7 times which is kind of a narrow band I would say it falls on the more attractive side of historical.
Joe Bob Perkins: We are in the two best oil basins in the United States. And maybe not in the perfect sweet spot in North Dakota but we’re in one of the sweet spots in North Dakota. In the Permian Basin we currently have three attractive footprints within the Permian Basin that benefit from some of the most active and I guess you’d have to therefore assume most economic for producer’s portions of the Permian Basin. That certainly is, Brad calls it the cost curve. Yes, relative to the producers cost curve that’s a good place to be. And North Texas system has continued to have more focus; these are I guess producers without a Permian footprint more focused development but volumes have been increasing there. When we first brought up the new plant we actually were able to turn down one of the trains at the Chico facility to test it out. We now have both trains at the Chico facility running as well as the new plant and we’re at kind of high percentage utilization. So volumes are increasing in North Texas, it’s not as attractive on the cost curve as those areas of the Permian Basin, but it’s still increasing volumes. For field GMP North Dakota, Permian Basin and North Texas it’s hard to point to where you would rather be. So I think you benefit from those positions.
Joe Bob Perkins: I wasn’t addressing the Atlas assets and I point you back to what we said about leading basin positions and leading positions within those basins pro forma for Targa in our comments at the time. And I don’t feel any differently about it today.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes condensate through splitters and other refined products is pretty high. Lots of people are trying to impact the rules and influence the rules over time. We have some well positioned facilities on the East Coast, the West Coast and the South Coast that maybe working on those projects in the future.
Joe Bob Perkins: Our Galena Park facility is pretty well committed for butane, propane and potentially ethane. We do small amounts of cargos, ethylene for example from there as well. I don’t see a major ramp up on the other products in the near-term. However, we’ve got other facilities that can’t be entertaining such possibilities.
Joe Bob Perkins: We aren’t yet seeing a shift in our opportunity set, I think all customers are being thoughtful and cautious but interest is still high in those development projects that you have visibility on.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think that’s fair to say, the interest remains about the same, people are being thoughtful and cautious and this is a recent short-term move that’s being digested by those customers. Comments I made about producing customers or probably similar to the way downstream customers are thinking about it.
Joe Bob Perkins: The new North Dakota plant is 100% fee based; the new Permian West Texas plant will have a mix of field POP and fee based. Our existing customers will be POP; new customers will probably be a mix of POP and fee based.
Joe Bob Perkins: Two or three quarters performance has been very strong and pretty far end of the fourth quarter and know that the fourth quarter will be a well performing export performance as well. I expect that performance to continue into 2015. The tendency for analyst to look at the visible arb and quite volumes to that arb is not showing a strong correlation during times when the arbitrage has gotten more narrow, we’ve added contracted cargoes, and we’ve added shorter term contracted to cargoes in the third quarter, and I can say that for the fourth quarter and the first quarter as well. Despite what seems to be a smaller arb as published or discussed due recognize that you don’t have all the moving pieces on what’s an economic transaction. There is term transportation for example; it may be at a lower price than spot transportation. Needs of term market probably means that they need to go ahead and get supply. And then you have an advantage position of our facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast relative to Latin America and the Caribbean and the transportation cost term transportation costs or spot transportation costs were significantly lower to those markets. I expect that those dynamics don’t look a whole lot different in ‘14 than they do in ‘15, demand and interest remain high.
Joe Bob Perkins: My existing customers would probably say that they wish that the plant that’s coming on by the end of this year was owned faster. The plant we’re done to try to have on by the end of next year is highly needed. We’re trying to do everything we can to work on the flaring, fact is the oil wells are better and there is more gas from those oil wells than people originally anticipated. So I think of it as an opportunity and a task to get our arms around the flaring issue.
Joe Bob Perkins: We made some announcements in the second quarter and all we’ve said since then is, more term and more contracts.
Joe Bob Perkins: These contracts are multi-year contracts; some of them go up to five years or so and even beyond. It's a mix, but these are multi-year contracts.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you operator. Thank you to everybody for your interest. Please feel free to contact any of us, if you have further questions and have a good day.
