Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks for the question, TJ. I would say that us thinking has not changed dramatically, and that we have time to listen to the markets. There are disparate views in the markets. Our equity in our debt are certainly dislocated in the markets. And that we don’t have additional clarity to the extent that your question suggests.
Joe Bob Perkins: First of all, I'm very proud of what's been pushed through, good term, in 2015. Smart, well thought out cost reductions, really across our companies, across the multiple businesses, to continue to drive, for example, operating cost reductions, savings on maintenance capital without sacrificing safety or saving dollars that will cost us to spin more dollars later. That continuous performance improvement, for example, root cause analysis are taking the best performance of the top [indiscernible] of those business and rolling it to the other businesses is ongoing. Operations team has stretched targets that they believe they will achieve for 2016 [Audio Gap] continued performance improvement in those areas. We expect continued performance improvement in those areas.
Joe Bob Perkins: And now, I'll go so far as to say, now with those additional operations coming out and they're not insignificant, you may not see increases, right, yes, okay.
Joe Bob Perkins: Sure. First of all, I'd expand on it by saying that's not really new for Targa. And we sometimes get questions because of companies that are sort of going from zero to 180 on a portfolio change. Ours is more like one contract at a time across our businesses and we see that as influential in today's environment. It's been part of the improvements we had in 2015 and we expect it to be part of the improvements we have in 2016. It insures that individual projects achieve an attractive return or they're not done for example. And it is on every commercial person's right on scope, but they don’t have any EBITDA estimate for you. It will be one of the mitigating factors and part of the results that we deliver.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think the short answer to your question is that all of our investor would like to see that fee-based component go down, because commodity prices went up. But what we don’t have is a magic dial of saying where do we want it to be. We're managing at in the context of the opportunities that have been presented to us over a multiyear of path. The balancing is sort of one opportunity at a time, not a magic formula that we can change from quarter-to-quarter.
Joe Bob Perkins: I should say there is not currently anything out there, because I just looked at it three days ago. Okay. And I know commodity prices are getting worse and that a lot of EMP companies are in trouble. But we don’t have a significant unmitigated position that I would feel should have been brought to this discussion.
Joe Bob Perkins: we got a question last call about make that already see road down on a estimate of how, it's positive no surprise it's positive whether we would take that off the table that's unlikely to occur.
Joe Bob Perkins: I understand your question, I think it's interesting describing threading the needle of what the market, I pulled them with strain, cut your dividend to zero or cut it to x and other people on the call would scream you should say you would never cut your dividend that's not much of a needle that's a giant gap in market perceptions and we hear them both constantly as I am sure other midstream companies are hearing. So we are trying to listen to the market, the market on the margin right now the market on the margins is irrational about Targa's equity pricing in my opinion and with cushion we have time to see how things are sorting out without making rash moves I think that's a luxury, I am not trying to parse words I am trying to tell you exactly how I am thinking about it.
Joe Bob Perkins: No I ran into a friend of mine at breakfast, why am I answering this way he is from the oil field services industry and talks about this is the time to oil field services industry will shake out and the opportunities will occur before the upturn. Having been through multiple cycles we believe there are opportunities in downturns even without trying to pick the particular time and consolidation is naturally occurring now without even transactions. Volumes are moving to the strong from the weak. You can see on the MP side struggling companies there were ownership will change in the midstream side ownership of assets in companies will change. We have said before that we are mostly looking our round, our strong asset footprint that's the best place for us to look for opportunities. That may just be an opportunity to consolidate a volume from someone who can't service it. It maybe a minor asset acquisition, it maybe a deal with another midstream provider to more efficiently do something those are the kind of opportunities that fall in that bucket you described this consolidation and we will keep an eye out for and part of our financial flexibility, part of the benefit of that financial flexibility is try not to turn down high return opportunities.
Joe Bob Perkins: When I am talking about OpEx savings, our primary focus has been on the controllable OpEx savings much of operating cost associated with natural gas or in the case of electric power driven facilities, much of that is passed onto our customers. We keep an eye on it, we manage it to the greatest extent we can but all of the cost savings descriptions that I gave earlier in my comments we are not focused on pass through fuel type saves.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, I am happy to help clarify that the primary distinction between an observer and other board member as we will operationalize it, is just official ability to vote. We’ve had a board observer in the past at TRC it was a Merrill Lynch private equity a board observer when they joined on the midstream acquisition through interest sold by over thinkers and without mentioning that person's name they did just sit an observer on the board they contributed and brought their experience and industry understanding and that's what we expect Scott to do as well. When you have a board vote he doesn't officially vote and he would not be officially part of creating a quorum to vote and he will not be assigned to our compensation or audit committee, would not qualify to serve on this.
Joe Bob Perkins: There was the first part of your statement that was talking about the context I think you nailed it. And I am not trying to put new words in your mouth, I believe that the measured response that's thoughtful response overtime trying to weigh the factors we see today and the factors we will be seeing tomorrow is the right way to interpret what I was saying. And it is a luxury to have that space to not be forced into a rash decision and that's not poking at you, companies that were hanging on or being forced into those rash decisions that's not where target is. We have the luxury of being thoughtful about how we balance sheet strengthen which we have and intend to keep and how we are serving our shareholders over time with dividend policy if you put it.
Joe Bob Perkins: you mentioned Quicksilver contract -- currently other don't have a problem with that what I can say is what I told you previously there is nothing significant that I need to talk to you about and if that particular contract were included I would still say there is nothing significant I need to talk to you about. That's really the best I can do with that one right now. And I would certainly not characterize any relationship I might have with that company or we are in renegotiation around that contract as being at all typical or having duplicates in line fractionation contract portfolio.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, first of all it was only looking at performance relative to a single forecast which was the official board approved plan and yes it was after taking into effect hedge.
Joe Bob Perkins: I don't have that number for you I would characterize it as there is still significant amount of that thing rejection occurring among gathering and processing facility Targa and others who come into our systems where they can most economically do so you should assume that all participants are making economic decisions every week or every day about what they should reject or recover and that most of those parties are thinking about what some cost they might have in NGLs, when they make those decisions we are on a long way from significant ethane extraction relative.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, I think you definitely got to the key, you have to inset the ethane to be extracted and if the ethane is being incentive to be extracted you got to increase in ethane prices ethane won’t go up by itself there will probably be a propane response propane and ethane will probably go together. The potential for that is a combination of volumes for fractionation and volumes and price for other NGLs and you said some upside potential for Targa, but there are a lot of variables to assume to come up what is that dollar potential. And it doesn't make sense for Targa sort of pick one volume and one price and one outcome in 2018 to try to quantify for you right now. I don't think.
Joe Bob Perkins: What Matt was characterizing relative to capital investment on the band lands. Primarily additional infrastructure on the Indian reservation where we have been working for some time to capture both gas volumes being flared and oil volumes being trucked. And I think what I think you also heard and this is part of the equations is that we still expected gas to be up 2016 versus 2015 in the band lands and that all factors included, well declines we expected oil to be similar 2016 versus 2015 that are current view of activity levels.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks operator. To the extent anyone has any follow-up questions you are free to contact Jen, Matt or any of us. Thank you again for your time today and your interest and look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Matthew Meloy: And just to add to that, I agree with Joe Bob in all those front. There are some factors that are going to lead in the opposite direction to higher OpEx, right. The CBF Train 5 coming on Buffalo point. We have some additional facilities coming on. So, if you're looking at in terms of run rate, you're going to have to increase for additional expansion at facilities coming online.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. We have had as it going to track quarter-to-quarter we've added some hedges, but we really have not added much, where we see rally and your relative rally is anyway gas or crude. We may layer on some additional hedges. We're not at this point looking to catch up to make up to our targeted exposures. So, we can find pockets where it may make sense to hedge an NGL component or maybe some additional gas or crude. We'll take a look at that so sort of a significant rally in those commodity prices, I don't see us looking to make up our head position.
Matthew Meloy: That will be the case that we file you will see full details on the mark for assets and liabilities when we file that.
Matthew Meloy: Yes sure. We have been talking about preferred and looking at about is kind of a tool in our financing toolkit back, it’s the acquisition so that's been years we have been considering whether it makes sense to do a preferred or convertible preferred. As industry conditions worsen over the course of last year as Joe Bob said earlier, I think it was early September we putting our presentation with NGLS common unit price frustrating, we were looking at alternate financing. And that included preferred, convertible preferred, potential asset sales and we executed on retail preferred offering shortly thereafter of $125 million. Really since we said that at the conference in early September we received a number of term sheets whether they are assets level preferred up to the corporate level whether it's TRP or TRC, we had a lot of incoming and a lot of term sheets about potential structures and ideas so we have been working that really pretty hard all through last fall and the transaction with Stonepeak came together relatively quickly over in 2016 period but we have been, this is something we have been working on for months and the structure and exact terms of course change as you are going through the process but this is something general like this we have been working on for quite a period of time.
Matthew Meloy: Yes, I think we are getting to, it looks that interest expense line you will see it looks relatively low, if you look through some of the details there we had a $30 million non-cash interest income which was an offset to the interest expense and that was due to change in the redemption value of our JV partnership for the West Oak and West Texas assets they are in a JV partnership and so there were redemption value change flows to interest expense so there is additional $30 million of non-cash interest income in that line.
Matthew Meloy: No, we have not determined whether we are going to pay in cash or pick, we will determining that in our normal quarterly distribution and I guess now dividend declaration so that will be a decision made by management and the board at that time.
Matthew Meloy: Right 275 is the four projects, 250 is just coincidence that they are about the same magnitude. 250 is our estimate for a set of identified projects from a few months ago and 175 or more is the estimate of how much of that we will spend in 2016.
Matthew Meloy: That's not right either. Noble projects expected to come on the first quarter of 2018, but we will get cash flow in 2016 as a function of what has been a couple of renegotiation around the terms of that project or projects. We said from the beginning that we would not be economically disadvantaged by essentially one year auction as noble re-evaluated exactly what they wanted to do and payments in 2016 are a function of that.
Matthew Meloy: No we didn't give a break out, we typically do receive some deficiency payments on our take or pay contract whether it be fractionation or on the GMP side, we didn't provide that detail. We didn't feel it was significant enough to give that color. So there is some seasonality to our logistics business where we get some of those payments in Q4, but we didn't give detail on that this time.
