Jen Kneale: Good morning, Jeremy, this is Jen. I think from our perspective we've been very transparent on becoming investment grade is also a priority of ours one that we think will occur naturally just given the projection of our business. So I think you're exactly right. We feel like we'll exit 2021 in very good shape. And that means that leverage should move into that long-range target when we get into 2022. I think given all of the uncertainty that we've all lived through over the last year plus in commodity markets, Matt and I have a preference for leverage to be lower than sort of getting to four times and staying around four times. But ultimately we'll have to see does that mean we're comfortable between 3.5 to four times, or would we like to move leverage lower? And that will also partially be dependent on opportunities we're seeing to continue to invest growth capital to engage in share repurchases et cetera. So we'll continue to evaluate as we move through time. But I think that we feel like we're exceptionally well-positioned as we look at the guidance and what it will mean for where we exit this year and what that will translate into going forward for the long-term.
Jen Kneale: Good morning, Shneur. This is Jen. I mean, absolutely it provides us with additional flexibility. And so by being able to term out additional debt, free up our revolvers as well as clean up some other series of notes that were callable just increases the flexibility that we have. We've got $2.7 billion of available liquidity. I wouldn't say that this is us trying to do something in advance of taking out the DevCos in Q1 of 2022, it's us being opportunistic. And we thankfully have benefited from a very robust high-yield market. So the opportunity to be able to issue $1 billion at 4% in our view was something that we wanted to utilize and do. So our prior assumptions may have been that we access the debt markets later in the year. Now we've been able to do that at again a very attractive rate earlier than we may have been assuming under prior scenarios. 
Jen Kneale: And then on price Shneur certainly to the extent that we continue to see prices at these levels or higher we would benefit. As Matt said in his scripted comments, we do have fee floors in a number of our G&P contracts. So recent prices are higher then that may create some margin uplift beyond what was assumed in the various scenarios underpinning our guidance range. 
Jen Kneale: And part of why we gave guidance Christine on Grand Prix is just because it's ramped so rapidly, since it came into service. It's generally not our practice to give single asset guidance. But for this one we thought it was important when you looked at 2021 relative to 2020 just because we did have a rapid ramp as we moved through really the pipe coming in service in late 2019.
Jen Kneale: I think when you think about the three assets that are in the DevCos you've had GCX which is essentially take-or-pay residue pipeline, you've got our frac train that essentially has been running well utilized since it came in service. So you're really pointing at Grand Prix to potentially say is it performing better this quarter versus our expectations when we put that out in November. I mean, I'd say that it's not a material change. We have had very robust expectations for Grand Prix and it's absolutely continuing to deliver as a game-changer for our company. But I wouldn't say that there's a material change there such that you should be thinking that it's altering our base case assumptions Spiro. 
Jen Kneale: Shneur, this is Jen. I think that, we're very pleased that we sold the 45% interest in the Badlands to GSO when we did and they've been a great partner of ours. So we like the Bakken exposure that we have at this point in time. And do you think particularly when you look at what crude prices are beginning to look like for the next several years, hopefully there's even more upside there than we're currently forecasting. So we don't have any active processes underway related to asset sales. We've been very open upon acquiring the DevCos one of the assets that may make sense for us to consider selling would be something like our interest in Gulf Coast Express, where we are not the operator and we are not the majority owner. So I think something like that is more consistent with how we've talked publicly about potential divestitures. But clearly, part of our job is to look at any opportunities to liquidate any assets. But, again, we don't have any active processes underway right now.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. Hey, good morning Tristan. Yeah, I would say when we put this together it had a $50 crude oil environment in it. I think as we look at producer expectations, we are hearing from -- especially our larger producer customers more discipline around maintaining their plans and drilling plans for the year even in the face of increasing commodity prices. That said we have seen the rig count move up. We have seen frac crew’s increase steadily. So to the extent we're meaningfully above that there could be some upside if prices hold here and stay like this throughout the year. I think that the incremental volumes at least on our system would come likely more from the small mid-cap producers who decide to add a rig or increase their activity as they generate more cash flow. And then we could also see some additional upside up in the Badlands, up in the Bakken area. If prices -- it is more price-sensitive up there. So we could see some more potential upside if prices are well in excess of our planning assumption.
Matt Meloy: Sure. I'd say, we are continuing to assess that. We're still ramping up. As I've said in the script we're about at 90% of pre-storm levels. So we're not back to where we were before yet. And part of quantification of that as we look through our assets -- over the last 10 days we were about at kind of an average of 50% rates across most of our businesses, which is really significant compared to winter storms we've experienced in the past. But when we look across our businesses, across our systems we're comfortable that that was a short-term event and we're still comfortable with our annual guidance that we provided. 
Matt Meloy: Hey, Shneur. Good morning. Yes, I think, as I talked about it it's -- we did prepare that late last year in a, kind of, $50 crude world $0.55 NGL world. To the extent we're meaningful above that for extended period of time there could be more volumes than our range that we gave. It's still -- we're here in February and what we've experienced so far this year is some negatives to that right with the freeze offs and things that we saw early this year. So I think we're still comfortable with the 5% to 10% range we gave in the Permian, but it's still early in the year. 
Matt Meloy: Yes, Shneur. As we think about variability within our range I think, for us the impact really starts for volumes out in the Permian because we're going to capture a G&P fee and then that does translate into Grand Prix volumes fractionation volumes and ultimately export volume. So if we're on the strong side of that or if things ramp a little higher out there that would be additional margin for us or additional EBITDA for us. I'd also say there's -- we have seen variability in what producers have told us and they've actually come back maybe even stronger than our initial expectations up in the Badlands. So to the extent there's more activity up there that could be some upside for us as well. 
Matt Meloy: Sure. Yes the major project in there is the Heim plant which is about $90 million. Most of that $90 million is in 2021. The rest would relate to fields growth that's compression pipelines bringing additional volumes to our processing facilities. And so, I'd say the range would also correlate to the range of our expected growth out in the Permian. If we get a little bit more growth out there and we're at the high side, it's likely going to come with more additional field level CapEx out there as well. So that's why we gave a range. We have some additional growth spending for additional connectivity around Belvieu as we're growing volumes. We have additional capital in there for that as well. It's not a – those aren't -- we don't usually call those out but there's some smaller items that aggregate some amount of capital there in the downstream as well. So if there's more activity more volumes you could have more connections downstream and also more capital spending on the G&P side. 
Matt Meloy: Yes. I'd say our view on that really hasn't changed. We have seen some activity from others. We have a really good position stand-alone being able to invest organically in our Permian footprint. We have millions of acres dedicated to us really good producer customers and relationship that's going to provide us with growth for years to come. So we don't feel like we have a need or we have to go out and fill a hole or acquire something. We have a really good position on the G&P side and our NPL side of the business. So we'll be opportunistic. We'd continue to look if there's some opportunities that line up with the overall targets and metrics that we talked about earlier. We want to continue to deleverage generate free cash flow and the like. So if we can find some acquisitions that fit into that and compete with our organic growth spending I think we'd continue to take a hard look at those. But it's a pretty high hurdle for that to actually occur. So I think most of what you're going to see here at least in the short medium term it's going to be us focused on organic growth. 
Matt Meloy: Sure. Yes. As it relates to the weather impact on our corporate hedges, so two things; one, we have cushion to the volumes that we hedge. So when we hedge it's an -- it'd be a monthly volume amount. So as we were down -- as we were down it would eat into that cushion that we have. So we talked about hedging 90% of our volumes for 2021. So we have some cushion for instances like these. Also when we hedge we're hedging versus first a month. So the huge price spike that you saw was cash or spot market our hedges are not settled against the cash or spot market. They're hedged against first a month and those were relatively normal prices. So relative to our hedging program, we don't see a big minus or plus there.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. So we've -- since Grand Prix has been in operation, we've continued as contracts roll move volumes from other pipelines on to ours. We did have some of that here in the back half of last year. And we're going to over the next several years kind of have some more, right? So we're not giving specific clarity on the amount or size or when those happen, but just kind of talk generally. And so we did have some of that in the back half of 2021. I think as we go forward here for the short medium term most of what we have in terms of Grand Prix growth is going to be from organic growth across our footprint and from third-party customers where we have commitments and acreage dedications.
Matt Meloy: I'd say that's a reasonable assumption. We're -- there's always some amount of transportation volumes that we have that are on shorter term. But those come and go. And so we think starting with Q4 and then building on some growth is a reasonable expectation. We could have some pluses or minuses from shorter-term volume and more.
Matt Meloy: Sure. Yeah. In terms of ethane recovery, we have done a lot of work on our processing plants out in West Texas to basically be able to recover more ethane. So as that work was kind of getting done and wrapping up last year, we still have some more to do that could increase recoveries on our G&P system and bring incremental volumes down Grand Prix and frac. So I'd say there's some potential for upside, but we've been for the most part in recovery on most of our processing within GMP, not all of it, but within most. So there will be some upside from just better mechanical recoveries from us doing maintenance work on our processing plants.
Matt Meloy: Yes sure. On the export side, we really did have a favorable export market in Q4. You saw us kind of have record results over 11 million barrels. I think longer term a lot of the fundamentals that set up a strong Q4 are going to be there over the longer term. But here in the first quarter you've seen some headwinds related to weather impacts propane ship availability, you have had some issues here in the first quarter. I think those are going to work themselves out over time as supply kind of comes back on the Y-grade NGL side as we're making more propane it's going to have to hit the water and clear. So, I think going forward, longer term expectations are very good for exports. There will be some weakness or softness in the first quarter.
Matt Meloy: Yes. Sure. I mean as it relates to the weather impacts, I really don't want to get into specifics on how -- I mean it's different for different assets. Different in downstream than it is on G&P. We have a number of arrangements on electricity. But when we look at the total how we buy electricity how volumes have moved across all of our footprint we're comfortable with our guidance range. So, I think that's where we stand on the kind of in aggregate impacts on the weather. 
Matt Meloy: Sure. Absolutely. Yes. As it relates to new business opportunities I think first we'd look -- I just want to reiterate that natural gas, NGLs, LPGs we think this business is going to be around for a long time for decades to come. But with that said we are continuing to look at other opportunities. We think we have time to evaluate those to see if any of those make sense for Targa. But we are right now actively looking at whether we want to participate in renewable projects wind and solar. So, we're evaluating those. They don't necessarily have to be from a capital position. We can participate in those as an off-take because we are a large purchaser of electricity. So, we can support those projects without necessarily putting capital into those projects. So, we're looking to see how we can be a part of that kind of renewable solution there. And as it relates to carbon capture I'd say there are some opportunities for us in that area that would fit our core competences laying pipeline gathering and aggregating CO2. So, we are looking at some of those projects as well. I'd say stay tuned. There's more to come there. There is more to come on that and we do have some time to kind of continue to evaluate about what is our role going to be in that. It doesn't necessarily have to be from a capital position. If we're going to spend capital, we need to earn a good return on that. But there are other ways to participate in those projects as well.
Matt Meloy: Yes. Sure. Thanks for the question, James. As we look through out at the Permian, every time we brought a plant on, it's been fully utilized relatively quickly. We would expect the same to occur when we have the Heim plant later this year. So I think as we see volumes, how they respond, coming back from these recent weather events, but also what the volumes look like relative to the commodity price environment we're in. Kind of in the first part of this year, I think we'll be likely making a decision of do we need another plant? Maybe that slips to the back half of this year. But I think at some point in this year we'll have enough visibility to say, well, we think not only Heim is going to be full, but we need to add another plant. And we've already been evaluating options to add another one, another plant out there, whether it's moving another one of our plants from another area we have, or putting in a new plant. We're evaluating that to see what the best option is for Targa. This would be a really good add for us, adding additional processing in the Permian Midland when you get the G&P fee and then a transport frac and more volumes for export, really good economics for us. Now that we've got the capital in place on the downstream side of things. So a really good return for us, as volumes continue to grow out in the Midland. And on the Delaware side, with bringing on Falcon and Peregrine, it feels like we have more time more runway out there. So we're just going to continue to evaluate those volumes. There's also some excess capacity out there from other processors as well. So even if volumes ramp and we needed more capacity, we could even look at potential off loads, if it needed to bridge a gap for us there as we're building a new plant. So we have more flexibility out there. The capacity on the Midland side, just all around is tighter. 
Matt Meloy: Yes. I mean that is something we know it's been talked about quite a bit. A number of producers and other midstreamers have put targets out there. I'd say, that's something that we are taking a hard look at internally, amongst the management team and with our Board about what if any targets and goals we want internally and externally. So I'd say, we're in the evaluation process of that of, kind of, what the goals would be and how we'd articulate those, but we are working to reduce our overall emissions and continuing to kind of improve our metrics on flaring and emissions across the board, while we're evaluating what the best goals would be.
