Scott Pryor: Thanks, Pat and good morning to everyone. As we look forward into the rest of the fourth quarter and beyond, our Downstream Business continues to be very well positioned to benefit from a number of tailwinds. First, we had higher sequential fractionation volumes, driven by higher Field G&P inlet volumes, a trend that we expect to continue. We also are seeing renewed interest in long-term fractionation deals, reflecting a tightening of capacity in Mont Belvieu. Secondly, greater ethane extraction as new Gulf Coast petrochemical demand continues to improve the ethane frac spread, which will drive higher fractionation volumes for Targa over time. We expect 150,000 barrels per day of new cracker demand by the end of this year and incremental 300,000 barrels per day by the end of 2018 and additional growth in 2019 and beyond and the vast majority of the expansions and new builds are located along the Gulf Coast. And third, we currently are well positioned and will continue to strategically position ourselves to benefit from increasing upstream supply growth and increasing downstream demand growth, including via the Grand Prix NGL pipeline and by adding or expanding new connections to markets downstream from our fractionators. Shifting to our LPG export business, we loaded 4.7 million barrels per month of LPGs for the third quarter, received cancellation fees for 2 vessels and had a couple of vessels move into the fourth quarter schedule as a result of Hurricane Harvey temporarily closing the Houston Ship Channel. For the fourth quarter, we expect LPG export volumes to increase versus the third quarter. Looking forward, the long-term outlook for LPG export business is unchanged, given our substantial long-term contract position and favorable global fundamentals, driven by continued international demand growth and the U.S.’s position as the likely supplier to feed that growing demand. We expect U.S. upstream production to continue growing even without a significant increase in prices, creating a strong supply outlook for U.S. commodity exports. Moving on to our Grand Prix NGL pipeline project, Grand Prix will connect our strong and growing franchise Permian Basin footprint to our very well positioned downstream assets at Mont Belvieu. It is a game-changer for Targa that bolsters our positioning by enhancing a highly competitive, fully integrated service offering to our current and future customers, leveraging each piece of the Targa value chain. Over the long-term, Grand Prix will provide significant and increasingly fee-based earnings, reducing our reliability and obligation to third-party pipelines, while helping to direct incremental volumes to our downstream facilities. Targa has the largest G&P position in the Permian Basin. And with good visibility on substantial growth in the future, significantly more NGLs will be directed to Targa’s downstream assets. While further increasing the utilization of our existing downstream facilities, this presents attractive capital investment opportunities, including additional fractionation. We believe that our partnership with Blackstone and NGL dedication and commitment from EagleClaw is a beneficial transaction for our shareholders and a great deal for Targa. We were very openly public that we were considering a number of different opportunities related to a joint venture on Grand Prix or alternative NGL pipes, and the transactions that we announced strongly fulfilled our stated goals to retain the strategic benefits of an NGL pipe connecting to our G&P and Downstream Business and to enhance target economics and to de risk the project. We reduced our capital funding obligation and identified a committed strategic partner that will drive higher overall project returns as a result of dedicated and committed volumes they will bring to the pipeline over time. We also continue to add other third-party customers and are very pleased with our progress since announcing the project in May. As the expected volumes flowing through Grand Prix increase over time, we will realize significant fee-based cash flow from the asset, with returns for the standalone project ultimately somewhere between 5x and 7x CapEx as a multiple of EBITDA, potentially reaching those levels more quickly depending on continued commercial success and pace of volume growth. These simplified multiples are not inclusive of any of the other strategic benefits of the NGL pipeline. Overall, the outlook for Targa’s Downstream Business is highly robust, driven by the continued integration with our growing G&P business and the flow of NGLs to our strong downstream asset position along the U.S. Gulf Coast. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Joe Bob.
Scott Pryor: We certainly characterize that we believe at least from the perspective of third quarter to fourth quarter that volumes will be up on the fractionation side of our business from third quarter to fourth quarter and with the continued growth that we see on our upstream business, feeding in from our G&P side and as well as success that we are having on the third-party front with fractionation agreements, we will continue to see growth in that. We have continued to – continuously characterized that it’s a matter of when, not if, when we will add additional fractionation capacity. And as Joe Bob indicated, when we start looking at capital budgets and we make somewhat references to those when we start trying to lay out what we believe 2018 looks like going forward. So clearly for us, it is just a matter of time before we formalize some activity as it relates to fractionation.
Scott Pryor: Yes. The only thing that I would to that, Joe Bob is just somewhat paraphrasing, the trend is moving upwards, albeit you might see distinctions from day-to-day a little bit different, up, down. But again, when you point to the expansion growth that we’re seeing on the petrochemical side of our business, you would expect that trend to continue, albeit we will see increased production during those same time frames. So we are seeing from day-to-day different types of anomalies in the marketplace as it relates to ethane recovery, but in general, the trend is moving with more increased recovery.
Scott Pryor: No, there are continuous conversations going on with all of the petrochemical expansions that are going on. We obviously have a significant connectability to existing plants. As plants are expanding, they are looking to upsize their capacities into the facilities to ramp up over time relative to what the demands look like. You would expect as a result of Hurricane Harvey that some of those expansions might be slightly delayed, but overall, increase connectability or enhanced connectability is happening. We allude to that when we talk about some of our CapEx spending that we are doing some things on the downstream side to enhance those types of deliveries.
Joe Bob Perkins: I don’t have a new guidance for you, TJ, but if you have listened to us over the years and I know you have, that 3x to 4x long-term target range is the zone that we try to stay in. It’s not the monthly zone or the quarterly zone, but it is the zone we try to stay in with a whole lot of visibility towards those future cash flows, increasing leverage at TRP that was 4.1 or something like that. I wouldn’t feel any different, because it’s improving over time, but that is what we were talking about. Because we have visibility on increasing the EBITDA, it gives us the option, the option over 2018 and into 2019 to fund our capital program with more debt than equity, unlike 2017 where we said we would over equitize it.
Joe Bob Perkins: We show a – 2017, I don’t think we are sensitivity, I don’t think we are yet showing a 2018 sensitivity. We did describe how much was hedged in 2018 versus 2017, so that probably gives you the ability to triangulate on it a bit.
Joe Bob Perkins: The completion crews on legacy assets versus recently acquired assets, I don’t have a differentiation on it. Larger players have better access to crews than some of the smaller players. And if you’ve contracted for rigs or pumping equipment, you’ve also somewhat contracted for those crews. We’ve said over previous quarters that we believe that there was issues with equipment and workforces. That was a frictional slow down to the more robust forecast that you might read out there from various analysts. And that we, therefore, thought you don’t want to be looking at the high size of all of those forecasts because of those frictional constraints, but the fact is excellent economics in the Permian Basin incent additional equipment and incent the people with the equipment to get the crews back to work. Ultimately, those problems get solved.
Joe Bob Perkins: That would – I would be pretending to have a greater granularity than I have got to describe one quarter versus the other. By producers, I know I heard some of the same issues in the third quarter that I heard in the second quarter.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, that kind of puncture weights the volume growth you are seeing quarter-over-quarter. And we certainly wouldn’t be sounding the alarm that, that kind of quarter-to-quarter improvement can’t continue. And we said I hope loudly and clearly that our 2017 volume expectations are on track, both for the Permian and for our overall Southern Field Gathering and Processing, overall Field Gathering and Processing.
Joe Bob Perkins: First of all, let’s have Scott describe how he is thinking about the fractionation. Then I will come back to the funding.
Joe Bob Perkins: And relative to the funding, I don’t want to mischaracterize your question, but sort of simplifying it. Would we do a preferred, given the parent cost of capital of a preferred versus the parent cost of capital of a common equity, that’s sort of two of the alternatives we mentioned and I don’t think I will get in a debate on this call about what those specific costs of capital are. But believe me, we are thinking about all kinds of alternatives. I believe what we said was that our traditional combination of public debt and public equity is part of the mix. We also said we would consider private capital and continue to consider creative joint ventures and potential sales of portions of our assets, as we have done in the very recent past, as illustrated by the Grand Prix JV. And I said, only because the incoming is pretty high, that there is a lot of appetite for private capital to participate in the Targa story. So, we will look at all of those various options and alternatives and recognize it maybe for a specific project, like the JV was for Grand Prix, or a discrete set of projects. And when we are thinking about our whole capital funding needs, it kind of becomes more homogenous. It’s not this dollar for this project. We do believe that the 2018 capital lift of some portion of that $1.6 billion or more than $1.6 billion is very manageable, given the alternative sources of capital that we’ve got and our access to the public market and we continue to demonstrate that.
Joe Bob Perkins: It made me smile. I have been careful not to create a volume ramp there and the nominal 300 million a day – 300,000 barrels a day, which doesn’t require a whole lot of pumping, it doesn’t require much capital to go above that. That’s a high class problem. Our outlook, you mentioned EagleClaw, that’s more back-end loaded. It’s not very near-term loaded. And some of the Targa volumes take time to be moved from one pipe to the Targa pipe. We are very comfortable with the ramp. We haven’t defined it for investors. We defined it as a return that’s attractive. And with very high visibility to that attractive return. And each incremental deal we get done just makes it that much better. We are not ordering additional pump shift. That’s probably the best that I can say, but by the way, there is not a shortage of them.
Joe Bob Perkins: And I appreciate the questions, because I would not want the comment to say, I don’t have a longer term goal of moving the consolidated leverage more to that 3x to 4x. We did, but it is a longer term goal. And the time to be moving that consolidated leverage to 3x to 4x is not during that time of rapid EBITDA build. It’s after we get some of that rapid EBITDA build, it will become natural. So in terms of the funding lift, that’s completing projects that bring the EBITDA. I would say that, that consolidated goal is outside of that strong initial ramp and it’s not part of my 2018 plan.
Joe Bob Perkins: If I said the word farm-ins, I did not intend to. Sometimes I don’t speak clearly. I spoke of the potential appetite of private capital. I spoke of potentially doing joint ventures like we did for Grand Prix. I spoke of lots of incoming and therefore we are paying attention to it. I don’t recall something that was how I would define a farm-in. In the E&P world, a farm-in means that someone is coming into your assets, your properties, being the operator and working to earn an interest. I was not meaning to imply that.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think it’s a broad category, the one – the only one I can point to is where primarily growth projects, we have done a recent JV with Sanchez, we’ve got a JV in the Grand Prix pipeline, we’re doing a JV for the GCX project. It’s possible you could have a similar kind of venture in and around an existing asset, or the utilization of an existing asset. To some extent, that’s what we did in South Texas.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. Let’s talk about Oklahoma broadly, both for the SCOOP and the STACK and sort of clarifying the question, I think Pat has got a handle on that one. All I would say is I really, really like it. Go ahead.
Joe Bob Perkins: I want to add a visual for everybody. When you take the legacy systems and you plot them against the map like the Mississippi line, you say, that’s not where it’s hot. The new pipe has been edging into where it’s high into the Meramec, etcetera. Same thing is happening in SouthOK moving to the north. That extension of pipe is accessing the hot area gas. Now, we can’t get to all of it, but we are getting to some of it. That brings it back to our existing processing plants. Frankly, we are redeploying compression where it’s not needed in a declining area and picking it up and moving it to where it’s needed in a growing area. It’s a redeployment that just makes me smile and SouthOK going from declining to now positive, which is the net of the legacy assets, it’s not a plan, it’s not a goal, but boy it would be good if we got WestOK to do that also, maybe in 2018, maybe in 2019.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, that is another way to think about it. It’s not how we are thinking about it. Kinder Morgan has not described the cost of the GCX project, to my knowledge. And as I read their transcripts, I think they said it was somewhere between $1 billion and $2 billion and we have got 25% of that. The cost savings in our Grand Prix pipeline are meaningful to us. They are not of dissimilar magnitudes, I guess if you were trying to link the two together, but the strategic decisions are completely independent. We did what we said we would do on our Grand Prix pipeline, which is to maintain our strategic benefits, enhance the economics and de-risk it. It’s just the perfect thing to do. And we are doing what we need to do on the residue side, which is to get access or target in our customers from the Permian Basin to Gulf Coast markets and believe this is the best project to do it with and we like having aligning equity participation with our other partners. That’s how it works out. Net-net, it’s relative to some capital dollars, one went down and one went up, that’s kind of good thing overall relative to our financing needs, but we weren’t trying to match the two.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. We actually look at ethane level graphs and that certainly moved all over the place. You know it was just the hurricane that we had enormous ethane rejection as a function of operational needs and requirements. And now it’s at relatively high levels for the – incoming to our facilities combined. And that was over a very short period of time. Every operator has the ability to turn those knobs on a weekly, if not daily, basis. And we sort of catch the result of that. I believe there is a trend. I believe there is a trend towards us receiving a higher and higher percentage of ethane as a part of the stream. That’s a natural economic trend. That trend is somewhat times distorted by economic decisions that have to do with some costs and every individual player can be in a different position and we received the aggregate amount of that.
Joe Bob Perkins: I would say that it is highly likely that fractionation expansion will happen in and around our assets and that it is just highly likely. Again, restating what we have continuously said and that it’s a matter of when, not if. But again, certainly when you look at the growth that we have got with our own assets on the G&P side and the increased production across the Permian and other areas, we will see fractionation expansion happening.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. On the fractionation utilization number you are looking at is a little bit of a rearview mirror. We gave you – you may not have done the calculation yet, but we gave you what the normalized fractionation would have been in the third quarter without the impact of Hurricane Harvey. Those kind of quarter-to-quarter increases – and they’re not magic. They are coming from the Permian primarily and other basins that are growing create or increase the utilization fairly quickly.
Joe Bob Perkins: There has not been a lot of migration to a self-funding model. I was trying to remember, I think you are around that dinner a couple of years ago at the Wells Fargo conference, right after Kinder who wasn’t there reduce their dividend. I’ve had some of the same investors giving me both sides of what to do with the dividend since then. Our discussion today was supposed to be clear that whereas in the long-term future, we’ll look at what to do with the higher coverage, lower leverage. And yes, we will be paying attention to what other market-driven volumes are, that we do not have an intention or that it will not be a better assumption for 2018 to assume that we were still recommending the $0.91. Financial theory says you might slightly modify or optimize the cost of your capital by funding less with the dividend. At the same time, our attention is primarily on the projects, which are well above the cost of capital for a model that included this dividend, a slightly higher dividend or a slightly lower dividend. And that’s what our focus is on. I also believe that in this space, the impact of a decreased dividend cut has an amplifier that we certainly aren’t looking to baying on. We have maintained the $0.91 dividend since 2015 and I forgot the month, third quarter of 2015. Through some much more difficult times than we are currently in. For Targa, we believe that it is the right answer.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you very much, operator. If you should have any other questions, please feel to reach out to Sanjay, Jen or any of us. We appreciate your time and attention today. Go Astros.
