Jen Kneale: Good morning, Jeremy. This is Jen. I think that we're really excited about 2025 and the possibilities for Targa and our shareholders. There's really no change to how we are thinking about return of capital. I think part of the excitement that we have around this year, next year and really many years to come is that we believe we offer a really unique value proposition, where we will be in position from a significantly increasing amount of free cash flow to meaningfully increase our common dividends per share and continue to execute under our opportunistic share repurchase program. We published the framework in November that said that we would expect to be in a position to return 40% to 50% of cash flow from operations to our shareholders. And that's what we're modeling. And as we get into 2025 and beyond, that means that there's a lot of incremental capital that can flow to our shareholders. And again, that's really what is underpinning what we think should be a very exciting Targa story for both our company and our shareholders.
Jen Kneale: I think that we're continuing to see a lot of very robust growth on our Permian assets. A couple of important points that I think were mentioned in scripted comments were, one, that by the time that we got to the end of 2023, we actually outpaced our initial expectations for the year. While that growth materialized a little bit more slowly than we expected, it did materialize and ended up exceeding expectations at year-end. What I was trying to highlight was we did experience some extreme winter weather here thus far to start the year, and that will impact our Q1 results. But our operations teams are doing an excellent job of getting our assets back up and running. So as we think about the balance of this year and beyond, I think you've seen our track record that we outperform the expectations for growth out of the Permian Basin on the gas side. And there's nothing that we're seeing that would change that trend in any meaningful way. We didn't give a statistic this year for Permian growth relative to what we've provided previously in the past. One, just because we think that individual operational statistics are less meaningful than some of the high-level corporate information that we give. And I think that our performance in 2023 highlighted that a little bit, right? Our volumes ended up coming in a little bit lower than our initial guidance for the full year average. But again, we exited higher than we initially anticipated. So everything is just really setting up well for our continued execution across both the Midland and the Delaware Basin. And we have a very strong outlook for robust continued growth for as long as we can see.
Jen Kneale: I would just add that, I think, Brian, the conservatism is further highlighted by how highly utilized we think our projects will be that are in progress right now when they come online, which has been really the same playbook that we benefited from over the last many years. It feels like we're just in time on a number of our assets, which is great for the finance person in the room because it means that they're very highly utilized at start-up and provide significant incremental cash flow very quickly. It makes it a little bit tougher for our operations and engineering teams, of course, as they try to plan.  But I think that that's part of the conservatism as well that really is reflective in the 5.5 times versus the realized multiples that you've seen across our footprint.
Jen Kneale: And then I think the very last question in your question was around whether volumes had rebounded as a result of the impact of winter storm. And I'm really proud -- I think we're all really proud of the efforts of our operations teams to get volumes back online. So we're close to back to levels that we were seeing before we experienced the extreme weather.
Jen Kneale: This is Jen. It's actually a mixture of what you talked about but for different reasons. You've seen the percent of our G&P business that is fee-based increase largely as a result of acquisition. When we bought Lucid, primarily underpinning the Lucid contracts that we acquired were largely fee-based contracts. And so we saw a big step change in the increase of fees generated from our G&P business associated with that acquisition. But what our commercial team has been really successful at doing, and I would also like to take my hats off to all of them because it's been just a huge effort that I think has very meaningful implications for our company, is they have gone in and worked with producers to really demonstrate that in order to incentivize Targa to be willing to spend capital. And this goes back to 2020. This is an effort that we have been building on -- building momentum on over the last many, many years. But going back to those conversations, in order for Targa to be willing to continue to invest capital, what you've seen us consistently do over the last many years. We need to make sure that we will get an adequate rate of return in a downside commodity price environment. It's simply just the math. And our producers have been very supportive of that construct. So we've gone into existing POP contracts, and we've been able to restructure those to put the fee floors in place that, again, have incentivized us to continue to spend capital even as commodity prices are lower while not giving up the upside to the extent commodity prices rise. And so it's really been a mix of we've acquired a lot of fee-based assets on the G&P side, and then we've gone in and we've either restructured existing contracts or as new contracts have been put in place by our commercial team, they've been put in place with that fee floor structure while also generating returns across our integrated system.  And the commercial teams have really just done a very good job supporting our producers with what our producers need but under a construct that also works for us to continue to capital.
Jen Kneale: We are pretty borderline right now, whether we would be subject to the AMT in 2026 or 2027. It's actually pretty close. So that -- we're trying to give you a conservative look right now that -- based on our latest forecast we may be subject to the AMT. And then in that scenario, in 2027, we'll have worked our way through our net operating losses and would be fully subject to the statutory tax rate. To the extent the existing bill that -- moving its way through gets passed, and we do see a return of accelerated bonus depreciation, that would be a big help to us. And that may delay things, call it, a year or so based on current forecast. Ultimately, we'd have to see what the final policy is that gets passed, but that would be our early read right now.
Jen Kneale: And I'd just add one last point that in the $1.7 billion, we have been spending some capital in the last couple of years on what I call intra-basin Permian residue just to ensure we've got really good redundancy on the residue side between our plants. So to the extent that we're contemplating any of that in the future, that will be included in that $1.7 billion multiyear outlook, but no major projects.
Scott Pryor: Hey, Jeremy, this is Scott. First off, you're right, fourth quarter was a really nice quarter for us with over 13 million barrels per month, which was a combination of both propanes and butanes across the dock. Certainly, a couple of benefits there that we took in -- to our advantage. One was obviously the export expansion project that we had that increased our refrigeration capacity, increased our ability to load vessels faster. And we were able to operate through the -- really the entire fourth quarter, so we got the step up with that. The nighttime transits that were lifted or provided another benefit. So the Houston Ship Channel, along with the Houston pilots, collaborated together to provide that to the industry as a whole. Targa benefited from that as a result of that. I would say that nominally speaking, we think that, that probably provided us about a 5% to 10% benefit. It's difficult to really pin that down because there's a variety of factors that play into that. And on top of that, we were able to benefit from spot activity as a result of those increased liftings. I would like to add that I give a huge thank you to the Houston pilots and the Houston Ship Channel. That provides that change in nighttime transit that they have done very safely, effectively and efficiently, not only benefits Targa, but it really benefits a wide variety of industries along the Houston Ship Channel that help drive Texas economy as well as the U.S. economy. So going forward into 2024, you're right, currently today it is kind of labeled as a trial period. But I think based upon the success that they've had, the safe operating environment that they've been able to conduct themselves under, we view this really as a long-term change. And we will continue to benefit from it. We hope to find other ways to optimize around that as we learn more about the nighttime transits and the vessels that are available to move through that process.
Scott Pryor: Well, what I would say is, I think that in the fourth quarter, it was not -- the nighttime transits were not a part of the entire fourth quarter. It really got instituted in November. And I think that we will hopefully find some better ways to optimize around it, again, as we learn more about the program. So it benefited us now, and we'll continue to see how that fares for us going forward.
Scott Pryor: Yeah. And Matt, I would just add the fact that our West leg, we've shown that we can actually operate that above the 600,000 barrel a day nameplate that we have kind of put out there. So that volume along the West leg, along with volumes that are coming in from the north are all feeding through the 30-inch pipeline. We've got still a lot of operating leverage with the 30-inch pipeline. And certainly, Daytona provides us a lot of operating leverage going forward for periods of time.
Scott Pryor: Neel, this is Scott. I'll start it off and just say that let's -- when we first think about the pipe, recognize that today, we utilize third-party pipes for volumes that are coming into our Belvieu facility today. And when we think about the growth that we have on the G&P side and the Daytona pipeline, we are not out there fighting for fees relative to fill up our existing capacity and our expected capacity that we would have on Daytona. So all of that kind of folds hand-in-hand with the growth that Pat and his team on the G&P side have relative to transportation. Matt alluded to the fact that if there is capacity on industry pipes, we -- again, because we utilize that today, we can always look for opportunities to utilize that to bridge us to whenever we might need to do a loop around our existing system. As it relates to Galena Park, we have a really good idea of what the next expansion project looks like. And it's a variety of factors from adding refrigeration to adding pipe, to adding potential docks and things of that nature. So we're keeping, obviously, a close eye on what that timing needs to be relative to our growth, again, driven by our G&P business. And we'll continue to evaluate that. So I will say, again, the expansion that we had in the fourth quarter that we're benefiting from today, the nighttime transits, both of those really are hand-in-hand expansion projects on their own without having to spend a lot of capital. So we'll continue to look for ways to debottleneck if possible to get incremental capacity as well.  So I think we've got a lot of opportunity and some runway with the existing assets that we have. But we do have space available to expand at Galena Park.
Scott Pryor: Hi, Keith, this is Scott. I would say it's predominantly driven by our G&P footprint as to what we'll be feeding into Daytona. So it is a combination, but I would say the largest proportionate share of that is going to be related to our G&P and the additive of the plants that we've already announced and any potential plants going forward.
Scott Pryor: Yeah. Hey, Michael, this is Scott. We've not defined what the timing would be for that in-service date. Ordering long lead items gives us some flexibility on what that needs to be out into the future. We're just finding that supply chain planning -- or supply chain issues are creating some issues with certain equipment. And so as a result of that, we can take some small capital dollars to ensure that we can hold whatever date we put out there in the future. So we don't have a defined date at this point, but it's certainly something that we want to keep on our radar and keep ahead of.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. It's still early, Jeremy. So I think we're thinking 5% to 10% is a good -- kind of a good range of upside right now, but it's still pretty early.
Matt Meloy: Yeah, yeah. I think what I'd say is we feel really good about our position coming out of '24 going into '25. I think '25 is going to set up very well. I think we see significant EBITDA growth in '25, and frankly, beyond '25.  We guided 2.3 to 2.5 of CapEx this year. We were about 2.2 last year. So the kind of 5.5 times investment multiple is a multiyear average. It's not -- you spend a set amount in one year so it results in EBITDA in that year. It's a multiyear average that we think we can do, call it, 5 to 6 times EBITDA on our CapEx. So when you kind of look at what we spent the last couple of years, I think it just sets up for a very strong 2025. We decided not to give EBITDA guidance for '25, but just kind of point you to our historical spending and just the overall volume trajectory that we're seeing across our footprint is just going to set up very nice for us in '25.
Matt Meloy: Sure. No, good question. I mean, really, historically, you go back years, we kind of said 5 to 7 times build multiple is kind of what we targeted. We've been able to do better than that. I think that was just kind of some cushion in that 5 to 7. If you look back at the last five years, we've really been kind of closer to a 4 times build multiple. We've had really good volume growth across our system. And the Permian, Grand Prix filled up much quicker even than our expectations, which just drove the returns even higher.  So I think we've really had some strong performance. But I'd say there's really nothing fundamentally different in what we're investing in this year and next year, go forward than what we invested in, in the past where we did have a lower investment multiple. I'd say perhaps there's a little bit of conservatism put into that number. But it's not -- there's not a large delta from commodity prices one way or the other. I'd say we have more commodity price upside given the fee floors that Jen and we've talked about, which could drive that lower if we get some commodity price tailwinds.
Matt Meloy: Okay. I'll start and then Pat can probably touch on a little bit of this, too. I think when you look at our Permian growth for the year, we really feel good about where we're starting the year. December was our highest month, and it really just sets us up for really good production growth just where we exited 2023 going into '24. So even with relatively modest growth from here, we're going to see a really strong year-over-year. And that's why we've said consensus is about 9%. We've typically beat that. But even if we get anywhere around high single digits or a little bit better, I think it sets us up very well, not only for '24 'but 25. And then I'll let Pat speak a little bit to kind of the M&A landscape from our E&P customers.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. And just to add to that, too, the other part of your question was around gas quality and trading. A lot of the -- we are spending a lot of capital, and we spent last year and this year 4 additional treating facilities primarily in the Delaware Basin. We're putting in some additional treaters to handle both CO2 and H2S, and we're drilling multiple wells to handle that as gas injection wells and pipelines and connectivity to handle that. So I think that really positions us nicely as the Delaware continues to grow and gas quality becomes another issue that the producer are going to have to deal with, we'll be in a really good position to handle that. And most of that capital will be in or the large -- the lion's share of it will be in kind of by the end of this year.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. So as we think about '24 and then going into '25, we're ordering some long lead time, have some spending for Train 11, which will both be in '24 and '25. And then we also mentioned there's additional plants, call it, two plants, maybe one in the Delaware, one in the Midland, of additional ordering long lead time and in kind of our base assumption that we're going to need to start spending capital on this going to have '24 and '25 budget.  So that's kind of what we have in our budget right now. Sure, if there's even more production growth in the Permian, could that move that plant timing up a little bit? It could move it up a little bit. If it's perhaps on the lower end of the growth ranges, could we push those out? Yeah, we could push that out a little bit. Really, the big sensitivities to our CapEx does -- it really tends to be more on the downstream side. Are we going to need -- when is the next fractionator? What about -- Daytona's coming on, should give us some good runway from an NGL perspective. But when will you need more transportation and then export? Those are the larger projects that can be a bit lumpier. So I think '25, a lot of that up and down really could just be around our G&P business and some of the plant timing and related field capital.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. We've been making steady progress on getting more fee-based components, primarily fee floors but also just fee-based G&P business, over the last several years. Our commercial team really did a fantastic job in 2023. And I would say there was a step-change in just the number of contracts that we were able to get redone. So no, it was a step-change late in '23, which significantly changed our overall downside risk profile and is done.  So now we're estimating 90%. You see that on our commodity price sensitivity. We still have some length. So there is some downside if prices moved down. But relative to our overall size of 30% downside, $60 million, $70 million, that's not much sensitivity. That is fundamentally different than where we were really 12-24 and certainly 36 months ago.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. Sure. Good question. So I would say the primary delta from the 1.4 to 1.7 is downstream spending, having multiple fractionation facilities and that's really more this year. But really the delta between 1.4 and 1.7 is primarily downstream. One of the larger projects that we don't have any meaningful spending on next year is transportation, another NGL pipe. We have Daytona coming on this year. That's going to provide us some good runway. So then how much runway that provides really depends on what the overall growth rate in the Permian and our capture of those NGL barrels to move on to Daytona. So that is something we're thinking about. These pipes take a couple of years to get billed, probably even a little bit longer than that. So we had to look out two-three years and say, when do we need to think about looping that 30-inch segment. There's also available transport out there from some of our competitors. So we can move -- I think we'll move the lion's share of our volumes on our own pipe. There can be transportation agreements that can be had with some of our competitors as well. So really, for us, all options are on the table, whether it's us building a 30-inch down the road or utilizing some excess capacity from some other NGL pipes.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. I mean we see growth in the Delaware, but we see significant growth in the Midland as well. So we see growth across both of our footprints, really active producers in both. So on our footprint, we see growth in the Midland and we see growth in the Delaware.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. Sure. Yeah. As we think about really from G&P all the way through our dock, we want to make sure we have the capacity to handle the volumes coming from our G&P footprint. And so that's kind of how we think about staging transportation, fractionation. And that goes for export as well. We want to make sure we have a good market for propane and butanes. As Scott mentioned, that's really what we export. So with the expansion that just came on and the nighttime allowance of kind of, call it, 5% to 10%, I think that gives us some cushion as we go forward. And as we see really how much capacity that nighttime opens up for us, that gives us some good cushion before we're going to need another export project. But we are already looking at scoping. And so the timing is kind of to be determined, but do we need refrigeration, do we need a pipeline, are we looking at dock. But those projects are not the really large-scale, I'd say, greenfields or brownfield. I kind of view those as more debottlenecking. You have one pinch point, you spend a couple of hundred million dollars and you get some excess capacity, then you do the next and then you do the next.  So those are the things we're kind of looking at over the longer term. But yeah, we want to make sure we can handle the volumes coming across our system.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. I mean we have the issues we talked about last year was really just kind of being behind on our -- getting the compression all said and getting that done last year. We had a lot of compression come on late last year, and then you saw our volumes in Q4 really move up. We have another talked about $400 million of compression. So we ordered that out about a year right now for compressors. So we tried to get ahead of it as we saw we were getting behind last year. We just approved another AFE the other day to order some more inventory to try and get ahead of it and stay for 2025.  So part of that does depend on volume growth. When you see a lot of volumes, if it exceeds our forecast, you can end up having some pinch points. But we're trying to be smart, look at the forecast and stay ahead of it.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. No. And then, Michael, on the CapEx part, that is not included in the 1.4. In any project that goes, we'll evaluate does it make sense for us to be a partner. So for a partner in it that would increase that CapEx. There's also some of these pipes that will be project financed for the majority of the capital. So any amount of equity we were to put into it would be relatively small, so it may or may not be project financed. But that is not included in the -- in our outlook.
