Joe Perkins: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, and thanks to everyone for participating. Beside Matt and myself, the several other members of the management team, that will be available to assist in the Q&A session. For today’s call, I’ll start-off with a high level review of performance and highlights. We will then turn it over to Matt to review the Partnership’s consolidated financial results, its segment results and other financial matters for the Partnership. Matt will also review key financial matters related to Targa Resources Corp. Following Matt’s comments, I’ll provide a few more remarks and then we’ll take your questions. We had a pretty good quarter on most operational and commercial dimensions relative to 2011. On the positive side, Field G&P inlet was up almost 9%, led by significant increases at North Texas and SAOU. Fractionation volumes at CBF and LCF were up, and Marketing and Distribution volumes were also up. These positives were offset by couple of factors, Coastal NGL volumes were off primarily due to planned and unplanned maintenance at VESCO and prices were significantly lower for the second quarter of this year, then for the second quarter last year. Oil was down about 14% and NGL’s were down about 31%. But Targa benefited from our growth, our fee-based diversification and our hedging program. In that down 14% to 31% pricing environment, EBITDA was only down 5%, coming in at $123 million. We noted in the June press release that the Partnership is expected to have excess distribution coverage for 2012 and 2013 based on our continued distribution growth rates, and a commodity price environment that was assuming $2.50 gas, $80 crude and $0.75 average NGL pricing, which included a $0.30 ethane and $0.80 propane assumption. Since June, the NGL price environment has improved with ethane currently at about $0.38 per gallon and propane at approximately $0.88 per gallon. Even without this recent price improvement, management believes the Partnership is well-positioned for continued increases in distributions to our unitholders and that ongoing growth CapEx projects provide significant visibility for this outlook. Our reported second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $123 million resulted in distributable cash flow of approximately $85 million. Distribution coverage was 1.15x based on our second quarter declared distribution of $64.25 or $2.57 on an annual basis. Consistent with our 2012 full year guidance given last fall, the Partnership’s second quarter distribution represents our 13% increase compared to the second quarter of 2011. Moving to a brief business overview, of the increase volumes and decrease pricing that I just mentioned, our Field, Gathering and Processing segment reported the second quarter 2012 operating margin decrease of approximately 33%, compared to second quarter 2011. The hedges for Field G&P, which we report as other in our segment information reduced this operating margin decrease to about 15% or only $12 million. Second quarter 2012 Coastal G&P segment operating margin decreased approximately 39% over second quarter 2011, primarily due to lower commodity prices and from lower NGL production due to planned and unplanned maintenance at VESCO. This maintenance has now been completed. Partially offsetting the decrease was increased volumes of richer wellhead gas processed at LOU resulting from increase onshore Louisiana drilling in the Wilcox. Just as we saw volume improvements in Field G&P, Logistics and Marketing also experienced volume improvements driven by the same industry dynamics. The downstream division benefited from increase fractionation volumes due to CBF's Train 3 expansion, which came online mid-year 2011, from increased treating fees due to our benzene project that came online this January, from petroleum logistics terminals acquired in 2011 and from increased LPG export activity, which benefits both our Logistics Assets and our Marketing Distribution segments. With these benefits, second quarter operating margin from our Logistics and Marketing division increased 37% for the second quarter of 2012 over 2011. That wraps up my initial review and I'll hand it over to Matt. 
Joe Perkins: Thanks, Matt. I’ll just make a few final comments. As previously mentioned, producer activity in North Texas and the Permian basin is increasing volumes. As you probably know, we will install an additional 60 million cubic feet per day of processing in the Permian Basin by the end of the year and expect that additional capacity to soon be fully utilized, and we are currently evaluating other Permian Basin plan additions. Similarly, with the North Texas capacity filling up, we’re glad that the 200 million cubic feet a day, Longhorn plant is in progress and expected mid-2013. On the downstream side, our CBF Train 4 construction continues and is expected to startup in the second quarter 2013. And we have previously mentioned, this capacity is fully contracted for term with high levels of frac-or-pay commitments. Our $250 million international grade propane export project, which adds facilities both at our Galena Park Marine export-import terminal and at our Mont Belvieu complex to provide for the export of low ethane propane, is scheduled to be operational in the third quarter of 2013. The project is fully contracted. We are currently executing growth projects and pursuing additional contracts and growth capital investments at each of our 3 petroleum logistics terminals, while continuing to work on additional petroleum logistics project development and acquisition opportunities. So as the Partnerships financial results and these organic growth projects indicate, our diverse set of assets performed pretty well in the second quarter and are providing us very interesting opportunities for the future. We expect the impact from our highly visible growth projects, which are primarily fee-based to provide the margins, scale and diversity that will support continued distribution growth even in the current price environment. And with the benefit of substantial liquidity providing flexibility to expand our diversified mid-stream platform, the Partnership is positioned to invest in even longer-term growth. So in summary, assets performing well, highly visible primarily fee-based projects providing margin, scale and diversity supporting continued distribution growth and well-positioned to expand and invest in even longer-term growth. That is why we feel good about the guidance and updates that have been provided to you previously. Matt reminded all of us on this call about the additional information provided to our annual guidance back in February. We are comfortable with that update at those prices. Matt reminded us also about our June update on 2012 and 2013 coverages, at a price stack that is lower than the first half of the year and lower than current prices. We are still comfortable with that update at those prices. And he said, we do not see the need for further updates on this subject at this time. So, with that, we'll open it up to questions. I'll turn it back to you operator. 
Joe Perkins: The timeline is approximately correct. $250 million to $300 million depends on what sort of capacity we’re putting in place. But the numbers you, sort of, ranged earlier are -- you were little too high for the range, I heard. If you want to repeat it, we can check it. 
Joe Perkins: No, I probably won’t tell you about that but we are having ongoing discussions. We’ve got room for -- the permits are in process. Most of the engineering is well along the way and when we’re ready to announce it, you’ll be the first to know. 
Joe Perkins: Well, to your question, there are short-term opportunities both with respect to the exports where we’ve had few more spot cargos here and there. Some -- just watch public reports, you will see sometimes we squeeze in more than we tell people we can.  Onshore, we have a very talented Logistics group and we’ll find short-term opportunities to help people with supply demand. 
Joe Perkins: No, wouldn’t show up. Not much would show up in that segment. We do have sort of ancillary fees associated with our fractionation, but that’s not what we were referring to. 
Joe Perkins: There were some operational issues in the quarter with natural gas liquids pipelines in particular. Those repairs and planned maintenance for the most part hopefully are behind us. 
Joe Perkins: The Wilcox activity continues to increase and we benefit from -- I mean, we capture our fair share of Wilcox wells and it’s very meaningful when that rich production is added to the LOU business mix. The Tuscaloosa marine shale, I’m not sure that my comments were particularly helpful but from what I read and what I hear from producers, I’m cautiously optimistic. 
Joe Perkins: Thank you, Operator and thank you everybody for you interest and questions. To the extent, if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to give Matt a call or contact any of us. Thank you again for your time today. 
