Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks, Chris. Good morning and thanks to everyone for participating. For today's call I’ll start off with high level review performance highlights. We’ll then turn it over to Matt to review the Partnerships consolidated financial results, its segment results and other financial matters for the Partnership. Matt will also review key financial matters related Targa Resources Corp. Following Matt’s comments, I'll provide some concluding remarks and then we'll get to questions-and-answers. Our reported first quarter adjusted EBITDA was $132 million, as compared to $145 million first quarter of last year, this was a 9% decrease in EBITDA compared to the first quarter last year. However, given the backdrop of approximately 30% lower NGL prices compared to the first quarter of 2013 versus 2012, the results show the long-term benefits of increasing fee-based margin contribution to our mix, the benefits of growth in our Field G&P and the growth in the export volume. I should also point out that the first quarter NGL prices were just slightly lower than those assumed in our 2013 guidance. So the first quarter results are tracking our full year outlook just slight. The fee-based Logistics Assets segment produced record quarterly operating margin of $56 million, up 31% compared to last year, primarily driven by higher fees for services across the segment, higher LSNG and benzene treating volume and increased LPG export activity which benefits both the Logistics Assets and Marketing and Distribution segments. The strong results for Logistics Assets segment were achieved despite somewhat lower fractionation volumes caused by third-party ethane rejection and third-party pipeline curtailments. Those somewhat lower volumes were partially mitigated by fracker pay minimum volume commitments. Marketing and Distribution increased compared to the first quarter of 2012, driven by the higher LPG export activity that I just mentioned, and by higher wholesale propane margins, that resulted both from colder winter this year and from logistics-related opportunities. Continued strong producer activity in the Field Gathering and Processing segment led to increased volumes compared to the first quarter of 2012. This is also the first quarter that we are including results from Targa Badlands, our Bakken Shale crude oil and gas gathering operation. This business which is really a growth project and process as reported in our Field Gathering and Processing segment. Badlands generates predominantly fee-based margin and is one of the key contributors to our multiyear forecasted increase in fee-based margin. I’ll give you some more color on Badlands later in the call. Distributable cash flow for the quarter of approximately $86 million resulted in distribution coverage of approximately 0.9 times, based on our first quarter declared distribution of $69.75 or $2.79 on an annual basis. Second quarter distribution coverage could be similar to or potentially somewhat lower than the first quarter due to historic seasonality in the downstream business. This coverage profile is consistent with the guidance we gave on the fourth quarter earnings call for distribution coverage to be approximately 0.9 times in the first half of ’13, given the impact of the highly visible high capital growth projects and the Badlands acquisition. CBF Train 4 and the international export project will start contributing significant margin in the back half of the year along with Badlands. Consistent with previous guidance, we continue to expect 2013 coverage to average about 1.0 for the full year and overtime expect coverage to return to our long-term target of 1.2 times. The Partnerships first quarter distribution of $69.75 or $2.79 annualized represents a 12% increase compared to the first quarter of 2012. But the TRC level the first quarter dividend of $49.5 or $1.98 annualized represents a 36% increase compared to last year. Given Q1 performance, we are comfortable with our EBITDA guidance and comfortable that we will deliver on our distribution and dividend goals for 2013. That wraps up my initial comments and I’ll hand it over to Matt.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks, Brad. I was actually getting some additional input and I’m glad because I would have forgotten to mention it. But you are right. Those are two very interesting and important dynamics. First, we've been expecting more or Marcellus Y-grade, Marcellus and Utica Year-grade to come to the Gulf Coast, started with enterprise project and the Boardwalk-Williams project is the best of those to turnaround. That brings only opportunities for us in the Gulf coast. And that product showing up comes to Targa assets that are very well-positioned to help. The dynamic Y-grade trying to get to marketing, getting to the Mont Belvieu and Galena Park benefit us and we were expecting it and are working with parties who were also expecting it. The [dislocation] in butanes, yeah, we’ve been seeing that and we are working with other parties. You are aware of our Patriot dock acquisition, which allows us to expand our Galena Park capabilities and removing the bottlenecks that might occur, as we try to handle multiple LPG from Galena Park, and expand our ability to do so. I think I will probably leave it at that. But commercial opportunities continue to increase and those are two dynamics that we think are favorable.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, that was a lot of questions, Brad. I will try to hit them all. First of all, the $250 million that we described, when we first made the acquisition was consistent with what was on the drawing board for 2013. It’s not getting the system to where we want to get it. We are going to be doing that in ‘13 and ‘14 and I see more opportunities not less opportunities than when we acquired it. And I’m not trying to be subtle, but we have been saying $250 million or more for 2013 and we haven't yet given guidance for 2014. We will do that in the fall of this year. Has anything changed relative to our model of Bakken and announcements in the Bakken? I do follow -- I try to follow the entire Bakken, but we have continued discussions with contracted producers and perspective producers in and around our system and I’m focused there. I can’t share that. I do view every public announcement from those producers with a highlighted part about what's happening in and around our system and I’m looking at the person who actually helps me do that work. And here's where I come out, is the activity in and around our system is better than we thought it was going to be, number one. Number two, the number of completions per trailing unit in and around our system are better than we thought it was going to be over time. And number three, the productivity of all of the completions that we are seeing are better than we thought it was going to be, when we made the acquisition. So if my enthusiasm is a little too loud, those are the reasons. It’s just the information has gotten better or not for three of those.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yeah. When we made the announcement of the possibilities of Patriot, we said refine products as well as NGLs and you are correct. Condensate is one of the things that we are talking about. That’s Patriot. I should also say that Patriot works nicely with the Galena Park, but we also have a Channelview facility on the Ship Channel that has those same opportunities.
Joe Bob Perkins: No. In fact, one of my colleagues was saying during the very first question, I should have clarify, that part of that butane question is, we -- typically is probably an okay word, have to 25% to 30% of those total exports being butane, the rest being propane. And as we come on for the VLGCs in the third quarter, most of the offtake agreements provide options for butane to be a part of the cargos and I would expect that they would be.
Joe Bob Perkins: First of all. And second of all, those are sort of round numbers and my capability maybe a little larger than that in the third quarter of 2013 and little larger than that in third quarter of 2014. So I don’t want to mislead anyone. The types of project things that we have to do is increase some pipeline capacity and improve our dock space. We had some refrigeration as well. Mike, what did I leave off? That's the high level. And we’re always adding utilities and making sure it all does well.
Joe Bob Perkins: Mike, does not let us say, expect on time and on budget unless he is really expecting on time and on budget. And I want to say it again I’m really proud of our execution on all of these projects. We’re establishing a really good track record.
Joe Bob Perkins: The existing capacity has multiyear contracts but we’ve also been able to handle more than we thought we could. So we have some spot cargos as well. The 2013 third quarter expansion for international grade propane along with butanes is completely contracted but we maybe able to work some spot volumes in above that. And we see very high demand for contracting and have already contracting volumes that will begin in 2014 associated with that additional expansion.
Joe Bob Perkins: I’m borrowing a quote that I liked a lot. Some one else created it. To a great extent, the Badlands system is agnostic to how crude leaves. But been agnostic wasn’t to get producers the way to get out that they want at any particular time, which is to connect them by pipe better than they currently are. They wanted to go by truck. They wanted to go by rail or if they wanted to go from available pipeline capacity out of the area. Our connectivity strategy is all about that. Right now, crude going from our system may leave in a truck, may leave in a pipe. It may ultimately go away on rail. And our anticipation is to sort of agree with the industry view that rail has a long-term future for the Bakken. Leaving the Bakken, we’re preparing for rail. Leaving the Bakken to catch it either on the west coast through the east coast and help people with that as well.
Joe Bob Perkins: No. I didn’t provide that. And I would also say that whatever is in the queue is probably not as helpful as you would like it to be. But what I did say is that when you look going forward for the rest of 2013, the combination of Badlands and other things going on with projects, CBF Train 4, coming on -- the export facilities coming on is perfectly on track with the guidance we provided in our last call.
Joe Bob Perkins: First of all, our initial thoughts in January that we shared with you was a strategy of both working refined products and LPGs in conjunction with Galena Park. That’s still our strategy because we are in commercial discussions with potential customers that will back the additional capital investment. I wouldn’t want to go into more details than that but that still is our strategy which is refined products and overtime been able to help Galena Park with additional LPGs. Yeah. That’s all we would want to share but it was -- they are very complementary asset with a lot of commercial interest.
Joe Bob Perkins: I haven’t announced when we might start unit train capabilities there but we have said as we’re continuing to work on it.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yeah. NGL pipeline capacity into Belvieu experienced constraints in the first quarter. They were just full. That is -- I'm sorry, what you said. Yeah, there were full and one of them in particular that we saw had to go down for maintenance, also a little longer than they had planned. What was -- that was the second part to your question.
Joe Bob Perkins: Broadly, under Permian basin, as volumes have increased, people have been working around natural gas system which was designed for a lot more than it’s currently producing but compressor stations have been taken away and pipes have been derated. So I think you’ll see people working on that overtime. There are some constraints and there is also a nitrogen issue out there that we’re seeing.
Joe Bob Perkins: I won’t give you exactly right now but we have announced an initial acreage dedications of oil, separate from gas, part of the reasons, lot of the gas is already committed. And we have more oil than we have oil and gas and we have a little bit, I think of maybe just gas. Of the acreage dedications, that occurred in the first quarter that I just announced, I didn’t give specificity about oil relative to gas but so far it’s primarily oil.
Joe Bob Perkins: My vision. A lot -- many of those volumes go through our system whether they get exported or not. We’ve announced capability of providing $5 million barrels a day by the end of 2014. That’s the capacity. My vision is we wouldn’t have built that if we didn’t think we could use a significant portion of that capacity.
Joe Bob Perkins: Sorry. That’s 5 million barrels per month which is how we tend to think about it. I also think about barrels per ship but that’s a little more complicated to describe.
Joe Bob Perkins: We were always thinking about it. Matt is the person who thinks the most. He gets up in the morning. In Q1, I would say that we were pleased with the amount of equity we raised to $105 million through the ATM program. At that rate, we don't necessarily even see that as ceiling. There was some pretty light activity in March in just trading volume. So raising $100 million or so on a quarterly basis gets us a long way to the equity needs for the CapEx program we have this year.
Joe Bob Perkins: If we’re able to raise the amount we need in the ATM but it’s based on market conditions, so to say during -- if Q1 is a good proxy of if we’re able to raise money, yeah, puts us in good position to use the ATM for the balance of our equity over the year.
Joe Bob Perkins: We don’t expect to be participating without competition in a very attractive area. I saw that CenterPoint open season for non-existing asset also. We have other competition there. I want to put us in a position and working very heard to put us in a position of being the midstream provider that is doing the best in the area to meet the producers’ needs. And we have though admittedly very new assets, assets in place, connectivity strategy that gets them very soon to seven different points for delivery that’s -- I hate to ever say competitive advantage but that's at least a pretty good head start. And the producer customers that we already have dedicated to the system and are adding acreage or considering dedicate into the system, I think see that as advantage to their needs.
Joe Bob Perkins: Sometimes our federal government helps us in ways that don’t benefit business or customers. And the outlook for there is for us to go to our Board, get that approved and build it once we have a permit, as Mike announce last fall. I still feel very good about project. I don’t feel very good about process that’s gotten us to getting the permit but our competitors are facing some of the same issues.
Joe Bob Perkins: Sure. Speaking in barrels per month, we are -- we currently have capability of over a million barrels per month of domestic grade propane or butane exports loading medium size or smaller ships. Beginning in the third quarter of 2013, we will have added a significant chunk of capability which adds an incremental 2 million plus barrels per month of international grade propane or butanes on the VLGCs, very large ships. Similarly in the third quarter of 2014, we will add another 2 million barrels per month plus international grade propane or butanes for servicing export needs.
Joe Bob Perkins: That’s pretty well known in the industry, and I just wanted to go ahead and recognize that. We are already having discussions with our current customers and potential other customers. We will probably give it to our current customers for those spot cargos.
Joe Bob Perkins: We did say what month the contracts begin. There is only a little bit of time before that in the quarter.
Joe Bob Perkins: Okay. First, let’s start in the Gathering and Processing and you said that we see ethane rejection in our systems. Starting with the Targa systems, we’ve had -- we barely had to regard to constraints but we had to react to pipeline constraints on the margin. We were in super good position because we had foreseen some of this and got an additional pipeline capacity, while waiting for the new pipelines to come out, so almost no rejection from Targa Gathering and Processing systems. We have ways we can work it by getting rid of liquids in local markets and that sort of thing. We did see in other Gathering and Processing systems, because we can see the pipelines coming into our Mount Belvieu facilities that other parties, particularly from the Permian for example. We are having to reject because it impacted, what was the ethane content coming into Mount Belvieu. In the Mid Continent and Rocky Mountains, we saw economic rejections, not a function of pipeline constraints. But probably a function of economic rejections though we weren’t pulling those levers. We were just observing it and I think I agree with industry news that it was occurring Moving to our fractionation volumes that resulted in slightly lower fractionation volumes, but the primary driver for that was the pipeline constraint for maintenance. And they weren’t off very much. And it wasn’t even hardly economically significant, certainly not as economically significant as the rolling up of fractionation rates but you’re also correct. It was partially mitigated by the take or pay contracts in those take or pay we described as typically 90% of volumes. It’s not surprising that some customer might not be ramped up to their total volume commitment level, yet, while expecting to ramp up to that quickly. We are largely covered by the frac or pay is probably better term than take or pay, largely covered by the frac or pay commitments until those volumes pick up to full expectations.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, we really do appreciate your time, appreciate your questions. If you got any other questions, please feel free to contact Chris, Matt, myself or any of us. Thank you, again for your time and we look forward to speaking with you again soon.
