Jen Kneale: Thanks, Matt. Targa's adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter was $460 million as second quarter volumes across our integrated Permian Gathering and Processing and Logistics and Transportation systems, meaningfully rebounded from the effects of the winter storm experienced during the first quarter. Second quarter EBITDA was sequentially lower predominantly due to the storm-related benefits and seasonal opportunities in our marketing businesses realized during the first quarter and from higher OpEx from additional volumes moving through our systems and higher G&A. Through the first half of 2020 -- sorry, through the first half of 2021, Targa has generated free cash flow of $593 million versus $171 million over the same time period in 2020, and significantly hedged for 2021 and continue to add hedges for this year and beyond while still benefiting from higher prices across our unhedged equity volume exposure and prices above fee floors. You can find our usual hedge disclosures in our quarterly earnings supplement presentation. As Matt mentioned, we are increasing our full year estimated 2021 adjusted EBITDA to be between $1.9 billion to $2 billion. Our updated financial estimates assume full year 2021 WTI crude oil, prices average $65 per barrel, NGL prices average $0.70 per gallon and Henry Hub and Waha natural gas prices average $3.20 and $3.10 per MMBtu. The biggest drivers of our continued performance relative to previous expectations for 2021 are commodity prices, particularly as we benefit from prices above these floors, also higher volumes and continued cost management relative to expectations. Inclusive of expected spending this year for the newly announced Legacy Plant our 2021 net growth CapEx estimate remains unchanged at between $350 million and $450 million and we now estimate net maintenance CapEx to be lower at approximately $120 million. Our continued strong performance means we expect to end 2021 with consolidated leverage around 3.5x. This puts us in excellent position to repurchase our DevCo interest in the first quarter of 2022 while still maintaining consolidated leverage within our target of three to 4x. Looking forward we believe that existing in the lower half of our target consolidated leverage ratio range provides for more flexibility which is why we are continuing to prioritize free cash flow for debt reduction particularly in advance of our DevCo repurchase. As we look forward our balance sheet is well positioned. We have an excellent liquidity position with no near-term debt maturities. Also in early June Fitch issued their inaugural ratings for Targa and assigned us with a BB+ rating. We really appreciate the amount of work that the Fitch team invested to provide that initial rating. We are now rated by the three leading agencies and are continuing our dialogue with each related to our trajectory towards investment grade which remains a priority for Targa. Shifting to our focus around sustainability and ESG we continue to advance our efforts and internal initiatives in this area and we plan to publish our next sustainability report in the fall. In closing on behalf of all management we say thank you to our talented Targa team for all that they do. And with that I will turn the call back over to Sanjay. 
Jen Kneale: All, I'll add Shneur is that I think the flexibility of our outperformance -- the flexibility as a result of our outperformance this year positions us really nicely to be able to take out to DevCos in the first quarter and still have our leverage within that long-term target range which is great. And then as we think about the pref we've got a lot of optionality there. It steps down to 105% in mid-March, but that's something that we also could look at taking out ratably over a number of quarters in order to maintain that balance sheet flexibility that we've worked so hard to get. 
Jen Kneale: I think the biggest piece John is the announcement of the Legacy Plant. So as Matt mentioned in his scripted remarks that moves essentially $70 million of spending into this year that we otherwise -- we're probably likely going to spend this year. And so when you think about where we are year-to-date we've spent call it around $150 million and then we now have that additional $70 million. So the remainder of our expected spending is for additional gathering and lines and compression to support the continued growth of our gathering and processing footprint and then some small downstream projects that are consistent with what we've been forecasting previously. 
Jen Kneale: It's really two pieces Michael. And we talked a little bit about this on our first quarter earnings call that was in the first quarter. On the marketing side, we benefited from both the winter storm and then there were also some benefits from contango opportunities that we entered into in the sort of early in the second quarter and late in the first quarter of 2020.
Jen Kneale: I think with respect to -- we're in a consistent dialogue with the agencies and we certainly I think share your view Jeremy. I think part of what they're looking for is just continued sustainable performance and delivering on what we said we were going to do related to our deleveraging, related to our continued discipline around CapEx spending and the like. So I believe that we already have incredibly strong metrics. And I'm really proud of the organization for getting us in the position that we're in where we could end this year with leverage around 3.5 times. Certainly agree with you and I hope that the rating agencies similarly will continue to assess our strong performance thus far this year and really over the last 18 months and will start to take positive credit actions. All we can do is continue to stay in front of them. And I think that we have an excellent dialogue with all three agencies and appreciate the amount of time that they've been willing to spend with us over the last 18 months too. So I do feel like it's just a matter of time.
Jen Kneale: Tristan, this is Jen. I think ultimately it will depend on activity levels. We're certainly continuing to see good growth around our systems particularly on both, the Midland side and also the Delaware side in the Permian. So we certainly expect continued spending on gathering lines compression et cetera. Plus we'll have the remaining spending of the Legacy Plant and then we'll be, having to likely think about the right timing for the next plant in the Midland Basin just depending on how forecast flows. So I think right now we're not in a position to give 2022 CapEx, but I think that my expectation was the -- would be that it would be more similar to this year versus we'd see a material drop-off year-over-year.
Jen Kneale: I think clearly our existing investors potential investors and then the rating agencies are some of the important constituents where we have to take their points of view into consideration as we work with the Board through this fall really to then be in a position to articulate what our go-forward strategy on capital allocation will be. That again as Matt said, we expect to articulate in February Spiro. So I'd say that, it's an evolving dialogue. I'd say that, we're getting a lot of advice. And I'd say that that advice is varied as one would expect just depending on what type of investor we're talking to or certainly the rating agencies want to see more credit positive decision-making versus the alternative. So those are all very important voices and we are certainly listening to them and then providing our Board with that feedback. And that's an important part of the evolving conversation at Targa.
Jen Kneale: I think you'll continue to see us be opportunistic Spiro. So to the extent that we think there's an asset or assets that make sense for somebody else to own, if they have a lower cost of capital for other reasons and that's something that we'll consider. But as you said in your opening part of the question, the great part of this is we've got a lot of flexibility and we don't need to do anything. So that means that the bar and the threshold for us willing to sell assets is higher than it certainly was before when we needed to sell assets in order to be able to finance our growth capital.
Jen Kneale: I think from our perspective the TRC pref is a material amount of capital that we need to deploy in order to be able to redeem that. So as we look at it, it is higher cost to us at 9.5%, but we also have a lot of flexibility in terms the amount of time that we have that we want to redeem it. So I think you are hearing from us that our base case assumption right now is that there really isn't a driving reason to have to take it out in the first quarter in mid-March, when it steps down to 105%. We can maintain and even enhance our balance sheet flexibility by being a little bit more deliberate with the TRC prefs and taking it out more slowly over time. And so that's the base case assumption that we're running Keith. Of course that can evolve as we move through this year and into next year as we have more flexibility with the increasing free cash flow but that's the current assumption that we're running.
Pat McDonie: I'd just say that we're seeing activity in both basins. Obviously the Legacy Plant announcement. We're seeing continued strong growth on the Midland side of the basin. We have seen more activity in the Delaware Basin but delineated just as Matt described. The big guys staying kind of on the programs and more little guy activity. So both sides are growing. 
Pat McDonie: No, I agree. We're lumpy in that second third quarter but we do expect growth through the end of the year probably not as lumpy as what we've seen over the last six months. 
Pat McDonie: No. We see it continuing. As you described it's exactly right. And obviously, the Delaware is a little more oily than the Midland side of the basin, dependent upon where our overall volume growth could affect it a little bit but absolutely more gassy.
Matt Meloy: Yes. I'll start, Jen and then if you want to add in. We did say we are targeting 3.5 through year end. And that does assume that we're prioritizing our free cash flow to go towards debt reduction. That is our base case plan is to get there and that just puts us in a good position to be able to take out the DevCo in the first part of next year. We do have a share buyback authorized. But what you've seen us do this year for the first part is prioritize that free cash flow towards debt reduction. That's my expectation that we'll continue to do that. We're still having the ability to do share repurchases. And then we're taking a hard look at that with our Board and we'll kind of lay out what the 2022 capital plan is in February for our free cash flow. 
Matt Meloy: Yeah Jeremy, we are [Technical Difficulty]. So we're looking at carbon capture up our processing plants and evaluating what that project could look like. We are -- as we go through it, I agree with you. I don't know that there's going to be a shortage of capital is going to be the issue, just kind of getting through some of the operational where we're going to sequester it, and permitting and some other things that we're working hard on. So -- and you also said in the near-term, I think this is also -- it is going to take a while right, for us to figure if we have a viable project here or not? I'd say we're making good progress. As we kind of learn more, I'm becoming increasingly optimistic that there's a potential to do something here but it's still going to take -- it's going to take sometime.
Matt Meloy: Yeah. As far as our hedging goes I mean, we are going to want to stay -- we call it programmatic hedging, our target is 75% year one, 50% year two and then 25% year three. I see us continuing to execute kind of along that programmatic amount and be somewhere around those ranges. But you're right with our leverage lower and with more fee-based we would have some opportunity to even go inside of that. But I think right now, where we are is kind of sticking with that 75% 50% 25% is approach that's worked for us and something we're likely to kind of hover around for a while.
Matt Meloy: Yes. I mean I think we are benefiting similarly to others as you see higher GOR go up. You have seen that help us out in the Permian and you've seen our gas performance be even a little bit better than our crude here, when you look at this quarter. So I think the higher GOR is a tailwind for us across multiple systems. 
Matt Meloy: Sure. Yes. On ethane recovery I'd say it varies across our systems for whether producers have elections or we make the election. So it varies by contract by system. But for the most part our assets are in recovery and kind of have been in recovery. So that's how most of our assets are operating. You did see if you look -- you saw an uptick in South Texas where it was in rejection. Now it's in recovery. So you saw an NGL uplift there. But for the most part the other systems were really already in recovery. 
Matt Meloy: Yes. So most of our volumes that are going downstream business whether it's transportation or fractionation are under long-term contract. So there's not a whole lot of movement in terms of rates there for, where the volumes that are going through our assets. I think when you look at the unit margin you just look at the reported numbers what Jen talked about was we had some marketing gains in the first quarter. So we had some outperformance due to the winter storm and some marketing gains, which kind of skewed the unit margins higher. But overall just run rate business is performing well and are generally under long-term contract. 
