Joe Perkins: Thanks, Sanjay. Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining. For the third quarter, Targa achieved its best operational and financial quarter in our history, positioning us to exceed the top end of our previously disclosed full year 2018 financial guidance and more importantly, providing positive momentum for 2019 and beyond. It's been a busy couple of months at Targa since our last call. During that short time, we successfully brought online our 200 million cubic per day Johnson Plant in the Midland Basin. The Johnson Plant was highly utilized at Targa. We continue to start off activities that are crude and condensate splitter at Channelview. We are now start-up. We closed $116 million asset sale of some of our petroleum logistics business. We raised about $200 million from the issuance of common equity under our ATM program, and we recently began strata of our 150 million cubic feet per day Hickory Hills Plant in the SouthOK system. Our major projects underway remain on track and many of these projects will be completed by the end of the first half of next year, which is now less than eight months away. We are working to complete all of our projects as quickly as practicable to help meet the increasing gas processing, NGL pipeline takeaway, fractionation and export services needs of our customers. Fundamentally, the robust near- and longer-term outlook for domestic production volumes from our basins and the outlook for crude and NGL commodity prices are providing continued tailwinds for our business and are leading to the high utilization of Targa projects we recently completed and those underway. Those same tailwinds are expected to continue to drive the need for additional Targa infrastructure. And on that note, today, I'm sure you noticed that we announced we are moving forward with the construction of two new fractionation trains in Mont Belvieu, Targa Train 7 and 8, which will add an incremental 220,000 barrels per day of much-needed frac capacity in the year 2020. We recently received permits for the fractionators, and as discussed in our last earnings call, had already ordered long leadtime items for prepare this. These additional projects aligned with our key strategic focus to continue to invest in attractive projects that leverage our existing infrastructure and further strengthen our competitive advantage and to continue to identify and pursue additional opportunities to further integrate our existing asset base. Both of these further enhance our attractive long-term outlook. The combination of our integrated asset footprint and our continued commercial successes drive the need for incremental growth projects, which underpin the attractive long-term outlook that we first presented in June of 2017. Since that time, as we previously described and listed, Targa continue to execute on commercial agreements and added projects that were additive to that published outlook. I'll resist or urge to repeat the long list of published deals and projects since June 2017. And of course, the rather smaller projects and deals that we did and publish. With that progress over the last 17 months, we now estimate adjusted EBITDA to be significantly higher than shown in the June 2017 outlook. And we have now provided you with a refreshed November 2018 outlook posted to our website this morning. For example, if you look at that outlook, this November 2018 version has estimated 2020 adjusted EBITDA of about $2 billion. And that about $2 billion level in 2020 is occurring one year earlier than when we first published in June 2017. We're also providing our preliminary 2019 estimated net growth CapEx of about $2 billion with growth CapEx declining significantly in 2020 and 2021. We are currently forecasting 2020 plus 2021 CapEx to be about an aggregate of $1.8 billion total. That $1.8 billion two year forecast total is inclusive of spending on three more processing plants after the plant and one additional frac after recently announced Train 7 and 8. We are providing this update to help investors better understand the significant incremental and aggregate growth from the previous outlook and from the incremental announced projects and commercial success since that time. My bet is that consistent with the state of assumptions of this outlook, it will confirm the modeling of those who study as closely. The outlook update also shows our hard-working Targa employees what they have accomplished together over the last 17 months. This is a really exciting time to be an employee at Targa, and it is also a really exciting time to be a long-term shareholder in Targa. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Matt.
Joe Perkins: Yes. Good question. We are getting obviously a lot of incoming with regards to fractionation related services for our downstream assets, and we are more focused on long-term. But fractionation deals that we have currently are typically longer-term by nature, 10 years or longer for some. For Grand Prix, there are long-term contracts as well. So we are working with our customers that may have short-term needs, made our longer-term needs and trying to work with them to provide the fractionation or transportation services, but do that for a longer period of time. Not just shorter time.
Joe Perkins: Yes. So we're always looking at our assets to see how we can potentially increase capacity. We are utilizing our Lake Charles frac even more, a wide range over there to frac. But we've also done just a minor in turnarounds or additional work our Mont Belvieu facility as well. We did a small in the summer way to get done a little while able to increase reliability and run time. So we have some other things like that on the drawing board, which we may be able to do as well. Those are relatively small incremental fractionation capacity, but with how tight the market is, we are turning over all the rock to see where we find any additional capacity.
Joe Perkins: We refer to some of those project in the previous call, and we didn't talk about the multiple, I think we would go so far as to say almost infinite returns.
Joe Perkins: Two quick adds. One, in case lost in our script, the capital, Scott referred to as moderate highly leverages our existing investment already in place and is in the forecast for 2018, 2019 and 2020 outlook. So the numbers are already in there making it kind of lonely moderate in my opinion. And secondly, there is a great deal of leverage by having the other infrastructure already in place and making incremental investments to expand our capacity. We had a really good about that, and it's power of the asset investment we've already made.
Joe Perkins: The way you asked the question, I also want to emphasize that there is no unknown, unidentified wage built into that, invest the additional upside, some of which are mentioned in the column to the right of Page 9.
Joe Perkins: In reality, most of our new stuff, the vast most of our new stuff should be assumed as going on to Grand Prix.
Joe Perkins: Dennis, your question about how much is firm has a multiyear component, has a short term. In the short term, we have the vast, vast majority of our of what we characterized the spot. We have to have a little bit of flexibility, because there is variability in producer supply across days and across weeks. But we are managed that for a long time and we're far more than we have ever been and have flexibility with gas daily type stuff to manage always unexpected variations in producer volumes. So we're in a good position. We think our customers are in a better position with Targa than with most other players in the Permian, for example.
Jennifer Kneale: That is exactly right. So if you think about the DevCo interest, obviously and some of the JV partially in the sales that we've done, or JVs of assets, those were not factored in previously. And so obviously on an apples-to-apples basis, this outlook would be higher if we assume that we haven't done any of those joint ventures or also we haven't executed any asset sales, obviously.
Jennifer Kneale: I mean, I think from our perspective, we spent a lot of 2018 talking about tightness in various places around the country that could potentially impact part of the business. So it is being about Permian constraints and issues that can potentially slowdown producer activity. That could be one. Obviously, commodity prices are big variables, if you think about some of the higher commodity prices that we experienced in Q3 to the extent that we enjoyed similar appreciation of prices throughout 2019. Obviously, that will trend towards the higher end of guidance and then obviously just activity levels around our system and our assets.
Jennifer Kneale: Yes. We're looking at it as a partial minority interest sale Badlands LLC entity, which is the entity that owns all of both the crude and the natural gas gathering and processing assets up in the North Dakota.
Jennifer Kneale: Yes. That will contribute to EBITDA and forecast to 2021. We haven't described the timing of when the additional 3 Permian plans will come online, but obviously if you're modeling our expected growth out of the Permian should hopefully be fairly easy to predict when we need additional processing.
Jennifer Kneale: Spiro, this is Jen. I think certainly when we think about 2019, 2020 and beyond, obviously in the visibility that we have to ramp EBITDA gives us a lot more flexibility and one that gives us more leverage capacity as it is, but also I think would potentially give us additional comfort in letting leading leverage on a little bit higher for the quarter or quarters if we want to do. So we think about historically we funded call it 50%, 50% debt and equity, I think obviously we talked about 2018, we felt like we had a little bit more flexibility to potentially issue less equity than 50%. And going forward, I think, we have that same flexibility to go lower than that if we want, but obviously are always focused on prudently manage the balance sheet.
Jennifer Kneale: So it's a quite a follow-up question, Dennis. I think that from our perspective, obviously we entered 2018 describing a multifaceted approach to financing. And frankly spend a lot of time in 2018 end of 2017 describing what that could mean in terms of public capital, common and preferred or private capital or potential asset sales. And then obviously go through 2018, really utilizing a number of those different tools that were in our toolbox. So as we look forward to '19 and beyond, obviously the increasing EBITDA, I think, is partially what will be very advantageous to us as we think about how to finance this growth program. We also announced the partial interest sale in the Badlands. Obviously, that would potentially help from a financing perspective. Related to the DevCo, that was a very nice structure that we did and we got four years of flexibility to buy back those JV interest, which I think is a very favorable structure to us. I think that if I had to rank where that is on the list right now, we'll probably a little bit further down just because we've already done it. And so when we think about our outlook and our increasing EBITDA, I'm not sure that would be #1 on my list in terms of what we may do next. Obviously, we're announcing today that given we're evaluating a minority interest sale in the Badlands, that's potentially first on my list here. And then related to your follow-up question part about the interest expense that we assume just in EBITDA or reconciliation the backhaul presentation, obviously rates are going higher, LIBOR is higher. So we're just taking a conservative approach to those assumptions there. I think we're very pleased with the S&P upgrade and motive positive outlook as well. try to spend a lot of time with the rating agencies over the last couple of years to make sure that they understand the story that's unfolding here, and I think we've done a good job of working together with them and so ultimately we'll see where the path takes us, but obviously the outlook that we have put in front of you last June and then now refreshed year stronger in November of 2018 highlights the fact that we're going to have a very flexible balance sheet going forward. And obviously that could mean that in the future investment grade is a step that we take, but it's obviously one that we want to take when the company is good and ready. And I think it will frankly, be much more a factor related to our results, getting us there more so than anything else.
Jennifer Kneale: There's a footnote on the page assumes $50 per barrel of crude WTI, $2.75 per MMBtu and natural gas and $0.70 per gallon for NGLs.
Jennifer Kneale: I think from our perspective, when you think about this outlook and think about our goal of having consolidated leverage in the 3 to 4x range, we are not going to give additional guidance or clarification on exactly what we expect sort of point in time leverage to be at the end of this forecast. But this is a very strong forecast with a lot of additional free cash flow beginning in '19 and '20 and then 2021. So I think from our perspective, when you think about us delivering there is on term outlook that we have no refreshed again this morning, it would mean that our balance sheet is in very, very good shape at the end of this outlook.
Matthew Meloy: I guess, I'll start Jen and then maybe you can go from there. So the underlying assumptions and then some of the upsides, we have our base volumes going through gathering and processing down Grand Prix in the fractionation, but will drive this higher if we get incremental deals with third-party, customers, producers, midstream companies. So this continued commercial success is something that could potentially drive those higher and could lead even more volumes on Grand Prix and into our fractionation facilities. We did talk about putting the lead times for the which would expand the capacity from the initial about 300,000 up to about 400,000 barrels. So that would be needed in this forecast.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. Just to be clear, I said, we could have early as 2020. And in this forecast, we would need within that time period of 2021. We didn't give exact timing of when those three other plants that we mentioned on the processing side would be coming online, and you can think of it is kind of ratably after the announced plans come on kind of through that period. It is a reasonable estimate.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. We haven't given the detailed guidance for '19 yet. We anticipate giving you more full summary view of how we see '19 shaking out the next quarter's earning call in February. So we'll probably provide some more blender information regarding '19. We wanted to give the early look for '19, but there are significant growth assumed in the Permian for this forecast, but we'll give you a little more detail in February.
Matthew Meloy: It's a number of things obviously that would add into that. We look at it from a couple of different angles. One of which, when you think about just look at from a domestic fundamental growth perspective. The growth that we're seeing on the upstream side, our gathering system, our gas processing plants, our long haul pipeline, the expansion that we see at our fractionation footprint and all this increase production that we're going to see domestically, while not seeing increased demand domestically for propanes and butanes means it has to find its way to the water. Because of our integrated footprint that allows us to make sure that, that doesn't have to jump off of our footprint in order to find whether the market place is. We have all the way down to the water's edge. As a result of that, that increase production will move that direction. So we're in a great position from that perspective. On the demand side, we're continuing to see growth obviously predominantly in the Far East. We've mentioned it before in other calls, if you think about the demand opportunities in Africa and India and certainly the continued growth that we're seeing in China and other areas in the Far East, those types of demand pools will obviously complement the increase production that we have through domestically within the U.S. And the U.S. is the only one that is growing with the needed supply to feed that marketplace. So it's a little bit of a supply push and a demand pull to a certain degree. And the marketplaces are becoming more and more accustomed to origination of supply out of the U.S. So it's both - it's domestic demand, its other fees to market basis, it's PDH demand. There's a lot of things that feed that, and obviously availability supply helps that growth from demand side, grow from there.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. We have a portfolio of agreements, both T&F and Really in the short term, we provided this a few years ago and we said, we have a long-term contracts and there is really not that much of rolling coming up for renewal in the next 12, 24 months. So there is not a lot of contract that's going to able to come up to extend on the fractionation side. But with Train 6 coming on with 7 and 8, we do have obviously more capacity coming on. So we'll able to continue to execute longer-term agreements to satisfy that demand.
Matthew Meloy: So we have on the transportation side, we have a makes some volumes that we're going to be able to move off other pipes kind of Day 1 when Grand Prix comes on, some are shorter term, some made and some are very long term. So it's going to be - there is some that kind of moving over that we're going to get the benefit of that transportation in this time frame, but it is a portfolio that. So it's going to be moving overtime more and more to Grand Prix.
Matthew Meloy: In our outlook, we're really expanding in phases, right. And Scott talked about we're putting in the end each line between Belvieu and Galena Park and we are going to add refrigeration. We're doing some doc work. I don't know that we have done engineer this thing to say what the ceiling is. I mean, we can keep wondering to incrementally remove bottleneck. So we see this type of adding refrigeration gives us good run rate 200 additional liquids coming off of fractionation. If we need to do more, we can continue to expand those bottlenecks.
Matthew Meloy: It's both. When you got a facility as large as you have a role of contracts that are coming up and we are entering into a new one. So it's hard to necessarily poise this contract with the expansion of the business and how things are running. We're continuing to add contracts. We're working to add more than add more term. So we're not fully contracted, but given the volumes that we see coming across our facilities and the outlook and discussions we're having for additional contracts, we feel really good about the returns about this expansion. We didn't really talk about the capital, but it's probably around $100 million, $125 million of total capital for this refrigeration. So we're going to see good returns depending upon how you think about the time line for going forward.
Matthew Meloy: Good question. We do have some seasonality in our wholesale business, which has led to typically stronger Q4 and Q1 relative to 2 and 3. So we still have some seasonal factors in there. What we saw in Q3 though was just really strong volume across both our fractionation facilities and our export doc, and we did have some short-term opportunities in the fractionation business, which helped us as well. And it's tougher to say what that's going to look like in Q4, but we still do have some of the same seasonal factors, wholesale business and then we will just have to see how Q4 shakes out. We would certainly expect volumes across the fractionation across exports to continue to be strong, and this is really shorter-term and opportunities play out in Q4.
