Joe Bob Perkins: I kind of go back to that question often and I understand asking us to provide multiyear guidance. We continue to try to give it to you one year at a time and our guidance for 2014 should be viewed with our historical performance and we’re comfortable with that 7% to 9% at the MLP and the 25% plus at Targa Resources Corp.
Joe Bob Perkins: What we’ve said publicly about those discussions with potential customers is that we were having discussions about splitters, plural. We’ve announced one and I think I could still say we are having discussions about splitters plural. The interest in activity is high for parties such as Targa who are well positioned to execute on that.
Joe Bob Perkins: We look at everything, but it’s not on our near term radar scope. There’s not a reason to do that right now. We’ve got lots of projects to pursue at MLP. We are not constrained by the burden of IDRs or costs to capital which is the argument you usually see. And whereas I wouldn’t say never, I’d certainly would say don’t expect it anytime soon. 
Joe Bob Perkins: I haven’t gotten a question in this area so I want to correct a Perkins misspeak. It may not be the only one I made, but as I was describing our relationship with Kinder Morgan, I probably got a little off script. It’s a good thing that people listen to me instead of what was printed on a page for me. But I said joint venture it just came out. That’s not what it is. It’s a letter of intent in a relationship that we are working very closely to try to make things happen. So we should strike the joint venture from the transcript part, but I’ll continue to remain positive about their project and us working with their project. 
Joe Bob Perkins: Yeah. Really the only change is the additional splitter. Most of the things we talked are Badlands additional expansion, Permian additional expansion, train 5, train 6. So those things are still in continued development.
Joe Bob Perkins: We’ve had, I guess it’s almost a tradition of showing you the ones that have been approved on one page and then showing the ones that are publicly known we’re working about on another page and then we have a tradition of not showing you the ones that aren’t publicly known we’re working on. So if you think of those three pages, we’ve got a pretty good track record of projects rolling from one page to the other, including the ones that have been approved getting done on time and on budget. We’ve given some examples of what we think the timing are. It’ll take that long for the first condensate splitter project to be approved. I’d like to think that we would get another one approved sometime in the future. I use the term the near future for Train 5 because I believe that and people have been looking at for a while and know that we have the permit in hand and know we have the land, know that we have internal needs for it.  I really think that’s all we’ve said publicly about what moves from the second page to the first page and I’m not getting ready to say anything about what’s moving from the third page to the second page. Our Permian activity, just recently I think additional activity on the Permian was sometimes defined as pipes and plants. We announced the 35 mile plant and it’s already in progress and under construction. We continue to look at other opportunities there. We’ve remained very active. Additional Permian work could be in the future. It may not fall the super near future, but certainly in the future. Is that helpful?T.J. Schultz – RBC Capital Markets : Good, thanks. That’s all I got. Appreciate it.
Joe Bob Perkins: You asked for returns also, I’m sorry. We’ve characterized the returns on both of those sheets as pretty attractive. Most of them leverage our existing assets and that’s good. The range of the first page, which is the approved ones that we’ve said officially is
Joe Bob Perkins: And some of those on that list have been better than that range, as you know. I don’t expect that the second page, the not yet approved projects under development look very much different at all. In the third page, it looks like the second page.
Joe Bob Perkins: Let’s understand all of the questions, Chris. Let me try to summarize with what we carefully chose to do from a competitive standpoint. For the remainder of 2014, we have an average of 4.2 million barrels of exports contracted. And you know we’re increasing our capacity along that time too, but I’m not drawing the capacity increase curve. We have said that once phase 2 is done that we’ll officially be 5.5 million barrels to 6 million barrels per month of capacity. Now, we also then carefully said that for 2014, relative to that 4.2 million barrels a month remaining average, we’ve already contracted for a similar amount in 2015. So it’s clear that we’ve got an increasing amount of term for early 2014 to now 2014, 2014 to 2015, we’ve got more term. I don’t want to provide more color for competitive reasons on that exact mix for the remainder of the year. I sort of did provide what the mix looks like right now and 2015 because looking out into 2015 we probably haven’t booked spots that far in advance. And beyond that color, I’m just not comfortable with it right now.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you all very much. If you have any follow up questions, feel free to give Jen or Matt or myself, any of us a call. Good day.
