Joe Bob Perkins: Yes Shneur. You're probably aware that we get that question often and it's understandable that the markets would like a monthly update on our rarely given long-range outlook. What we do put in the page in our investor presentation is the factors that have changed since about a year ago. And I described that briefly in my comments. Significantly better industry fundamentals, activity, expected production and commodity prices for NGs and crude. Secondly, commercial success over the last year. We continue to have traction, leveraging our existing position and making that existing position better. And then as you mentioned, the significant number of projects that were not included when we laid that outlook out in May of last year. And then we articulated those as they've occurred, as commercially we created the success of the dedications and announced the projects on the upstream and downstream that were necessary to meet our midstream customer's needs. All of that is very positive good news. You've suggested that we probably get to the $2 billion sooner. I think that that's a very reasonable conclusion. But I'm not providing when we get to that. It's just directionally it has to occur sooner. And I hope that satisfies investors on the phone call today. I know that many have done their own analysis and they're coming to a conclusion similar to yours.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes and then on the frac side of things, we're seeing a large increase in Y-grade volumes from our systems and that's happening for others other systems to grow. So, fractionation capacity is indeed very tight at Mont Belvieu right now.
Joe Bob Perkins: Question was sort of broad generalization. I believe that it could result in increased -- in the Permian. That's a natural conclusion to come to. But it's going to depend on each producer situation and locally where are you in the Permian relative to those takeaway. Also, we've done everything we can to try to provide for our producers driving with our hiding zone is the way we like to think about it, to both get them to liquid points and to get them out of the basin. Targa is attempting to do that for the near and medium term and just as many of our competitors are. But I like where we've positioned ourselves so far as a function of our large aggregated residue position in the basin.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. Now, we're talking about emissions regulatory frameworks. Targa as a midstream operator is going to live within our relatively requirements just as the E&P customers wherever are trying live within their regulatory requirements. There are different regulatory requirements at the wellhead than at centralized processing plant. And broadly speaking, producers can get temporary waivers on the ability to flare at the wellhead and Targa will continue to comply with the emissions requirements that we're under and centralized gathering processing facilities.
Joe Bob Perkins: It was 30 million or so. We had some in the first quarter. We didn't quantify. It's significantly less than that. So, most of it we're able to get onto our systems. And you look at the average for the quarter with Joyce coming on, it did provide some relief. But we didn't quantify for the first quarter what that was, but it was 30 in the fourth quarter.
Joe Bob Perkins: That's an interesting observation. The higher water cut is problematic. The multisystem -- systems connect at the multisystem helps us as a midstream provider and we will be learning what it means for each of our E&P producers. What typically happens is they get better and better at handling this and we would expect that.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. A significant uptick of that was in the -- up in the Badlands. We mentioned -- I think we said in the script 140,000 barrels a day. So, it was a pretty good uptick up in the Badlands. I think we saw some growth in the Permian as well, more on the Midland side.
Joe Bob Perkins: Let me provide a quick answer to that one. I noticed as we went through the script, that might have left a question. We were trying to point to our customers and others that the impact to the work would not be significant while it was going on. What we were trying to point to was that, it was not debottlenecking or making things better. So, I just thought I'd clarify what the intention of the script, and Scott can add some more color to it. 
Joe Bob Perkins: And we haven't quantified what positive it's providing. We're constantly working on adding effective capacity.
Joe Bob Perkins: I'm very pleased with the traction we have on commercial activity around our assets. And in those prepared remarks and sometimes I go off script, I was trying to point to the benefits that the high pressure header associated with that very large investment-grade energy company's dedication, that pipe running through that part of the Delaware would provide. And they're incremental to the first deal, but very attractive because they are incremental to the first deal and then leverage that pipe that's being put in place. Others, we don't talk about. The leveraging of existing assets, the leveraging of our footprint is very accretive, higher return than if we were out there working in the whitespace. That's our focus, and I'm proud of the team that's doing that.
Joe Bob Perkins: Down -- I'm sorry, Darren. Down in the beginning of the question, there was if you exclude the petroleum logistic sale. We were thinking that, that was the most likely scenario. We wouldn't have gone through the trouble of the process in the first place. So, there is likely to be some proceeds. Some of those assets are very likely to sell. That would have to be the expected case or we would -- we've got better things to do.
Joe Bob Perkins: We're constantly, Jeremy, looking at extending our contract portfolio. We talked about a diversified portfolio on just about every call that we've had for earnings. The success that we saw in the first quarter resulted in demand that we've seen both in the Americas, Europe, and other areas that we ship to or that we provide products to. We would expect that some of that could continue forward. I'm not going to lean into whether or not that has led to other long-term contracts or anything like that, but we also did give you an indication in the script today that the volumes that we saw in April were very similar to what we saw in the first quarter.
Joe Bob Perkins: He's pulling it up. The short one is you can see those expansion capabilities described on a page in our investor presentation and it's consistent with initial announcement where it had the un-pumped capacity and then the pumped-up capacity for the Western leg and for the Southern leg. And those were the capacities that he did. And then we said for that, across the $1.3 billion worth of initial announced capital, that only less than a 10% increase was required to fully pump up those two segments to the pipe. But you can give him the numbers.
Jennifer Kneale: That's right Shneur. I think when you think about the year using the first quarter as a decent run rate just given that we have a Joyce plant come online, we've got some other plants that are coming online this year is a reasonable assumption versus trying to exponentially grow it from here.
Jennifer Kneale: On the first piece of that related to the Permian acquisition, yes, the contingent liability or contingent payment is higher now as a result of both volumes and the fact that there's a shorter discount period related to the fair value as you move through time to get closer to the end of the second earn-out payment as well.
Jennifer Kneale: Yes. So, when we are looking at the numbers, Colton, part of what we revised was the fact that we also had a number of third-party volumes running through our fracs in the fourth quarter related to those third-parties also having built inventory as a result of Hurricane Harvey. So, we felt like that was a more accurate depiction of the Hurricane Harvey impact was to not just show the impact to Targa of inventory that moved into the fourth quarter, but also to quantify for you the impact of third-party inventory that also moved into the fourth quarter.
Jennifer Kneale: Sure. I think from our perspective, obviously the ATM is a very useful tool. It's been a bit of a game changer as a C Corp. versus an MLP, just in terms of the daily liquidity that we have. So, certainly, if we wanted to just fund through the ATM over the course of the year, that's a tool that's available to us. I think you very consistently heard us say that we are going to use a multifaceted approach to our funding for 2018 and 2019. You've seen us execute in a number of different ways already in terms of the DevCos, the more asset level or strategic joint ventures, obviously the barge sale, and we do have the pet log's evaluation of a potential sale ongoing. So, I think it will continue to be a multifaceted approach looking forward. We're very focused on being prudent and thoughtful given the visibility that we have to our long-term EBITDA outlook and figuring out the way that we can most effectively and efficiently fund our capital program, and that will continue to be our focus. That's very much unchanged.
Jennifer Kneale: And then related to the DevCos, I mean, we very thoughtfully tried to put a structure together that gave us a lot of flexibility, and that's why we have a four-year option period to buy the interest back. That's why we can buy the interest back in part or in whole. And I think sort of more consistent with Targa past practice would be to assume that we won't wait till the very end to take it out and we won't take it out all at once. We'll be very thoughtful and prudent about how we approach that as well.
Jennifer Kneale: I think it was around $400 million to $500 million for the first quarter, Sunil. And then as you think about cadence through the year that would indicate that potentially be fairly ratable.
Matt Meloy: Yes. For the Y-grade increase we've seen, if we look at the year-over-year volumes, a lot of that is more of recovery. And so as we look at just our economics and producers' economics, you can see the -- recovery. So, I think it's really more just a factor of what we are recovering at the plants more than the gas being richer.
Matt Meloy: Yes. So, I think that was potentially -- or it was partially related to the weather impacts. We were in a process of starting up Oahu as well. But we see the outlook really as strong as ever for the Delaware. And you can kind of see that with actually the payment that Jen mentioned increasing for next year, the earn-out payments. So, I think the outlook is as good if not better, but it was impacted by weather in the first quarter.
Matt Meloy: Yes. I guess I would just say that, that process is progressing. There is a lot of interest, so there's a lot of potential bidders that were -- have signed CAs. So, that's as far I'll kind of say as part as the process. But early indications are that the progress is progressing very well, and there's a lot of interest.
Matt Meloy: Yes. Good question, Dan. So, we had -- when we had that outlook, we had a significant amount of ethane recovery built into that longer range forecast. So, -- and it's a mix. Some of our plans for -- are in full a recovery, others are in partial rejection. And some -- oftentimes, if we have capacity constraints in areas, we'll go into rejection even if it's -- could be operational issues that lead to that. So, it's a mix in that forecast. There is some upside if we were going to go into full recovery mode. There would be some upside to that forecast, and it's really going to benefit us. One, on the frac side as we get more volumes through the fractionation. But once Grand Prix comes online, we'll get the kind of double benefit of getting additional fees for transportation and fractionation. So, it's really kind of as you go into those later years when Grand Prix is online, there's more upside, I'd say, in the post-Grand Prix commencement than the pre.
Matt Meloy: Yes, sure. So, when we gave the 25% Permian growth, that's the bottoms-up build from our producers. And it was our expectation at those levels that we'd be able to get the gas moved to market and away from market. We are one of the larger gas movers in the basin. We're constantly working on securing rights and access to various pipes and we think we've done a good job at serving our producers' needs. It may get tight. As Joe Bob mentioned, there could be some potential flaring. We'll just have to see how the growth progresses and where the pinpoints are. But we've done a proactive job at securing additional takeaway and capacity at the various points in and around the Permian.
Matt Meloy: Yes. I want to be careful getting into too much about any specific contract with any one producer. I think I'll just say we have a very attractive long-term contract with this producer for significant volumes and that we expect will be falling down our system, and we've announced capital associated with those expected volumes. So, we feel very good that those volumes are going to be, in fact, available for us.
Matt Meloy: No, I think you just have to kind of use your model and estimate for another 2% kind of growth in the Permian, what that would relate to in out-margin.
Matt Meloy: Yes. And we'll be filing the Q, which will have the breakout for total CapEx, maintenance growth, and then it will have growth in that in there as well.
Scott Pryor: Yes. Certainly, what we point to is the fact that we will have some downtime associated with that Dock 2 rebuild during the second and third quarter. But again, from a contractual standpoint, our obligation to our customers, and frankly, the ability to continue to spot sell where there is availability in the marketplace will continue throughout those quarters. So, we -- again, we see very minimal impact to us.
Scott Pryor: This is Scott, Craig. What I would say is, is, again, when we look at the position that we have, again, integrated through our upstream production, now tied into pipelines that are connecting upstream to downstream through Grand Prix and the increased capacity that we will have over time through fractionation, the announcement of our Train 6, which is currently under construction, looking at additional permits in the future for fractionation expansion, all tied to our Galena Park facilities, we like our position, especially when you look at the ability to store it in Mont Belvieu. So, I can't really concentrate or comment on what's going on with competition. I would just say that our integrated platform looks very attractive to the marketplace, and our customer service is very good as well. So, we like our potential for growth in the future. And we have the ability to expand at our own facility. And we constantly look at opportunities to do those things and we're in a position that we like.
Scott Pryor: Certainly most of our concentration over the years since our first announced expansion back in 2013 has been more on propane over the years. And the recent announcement with Dock 2 and some of the integration with the new pipeline concentrates a little bit more on butanes, where we see some growth opportunities. So, we're enhancing those capabilities. We're always going to look at other products. We've mentioned in the past the possibilities of increasing our abilities on ethylene. But again, currently today, our concentration is on propane and butanes, but we don't write-off any other potential products.
