Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks Jim. Thank you, Matt. I'm sure that the listeners can tell that there's a lot of enthusiasm of positive momentum for our target team right now. Enthusiasm and momentum as exemplified by our comments, demonstrated by recent commercial traction and financial creativity and supported by strong business fundamentals and the strong volume trends in both our gathering and processing and downstream segments. The capital program that we have underway is expected to generate significant cash flow growth when the assets are operational and we expect to continue to fund our CapEx to maintain balance sheet strength and flexibility and to maximize long term shareholder returns. Our outlook will continue to strengthen, enhanced by stronger fundamentals in continued commercial and operational execution. The longer term outlook that we provided last June is better today for 2021, since providing that outlook we have announced additional commercial success and announced additional growth projects from our project backlog. And we are well positioned to continue to outperform that EBITDA growth outlook on multiple dimensions as we move through time. For example, any commercial execution is accretive to that forecast. We assumed no growth wedge over that timeframe. We assume no additional gathering and processing contract. We assume no additional LPG export contracts. And we assume less growth projects than we have in progress today.  In closing our team at Targa remains focused on continuing to execute on our long term strategic objectives and we are very excited about Targa’s strong long term outlook. So, with that operator please open up the line for questions.
Joe Bob Perkins: We haven't described, this is Joe Bob. We haven't described the incremental required to go from nominally 300,000 barrels a day to 550,000 barrels a day or more. I think we have been quoted multiple times as saying, it's pretty marginal. Pumps don't cost very much. We already know where they need to be placed and it's rounding narrow frankly for your model.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yeah, we have that in the supplemental presentations in script at 29,000 barrels moved into Q4, essentially from Q3. 29000 barrels per day.
Joe Bob Perkins: I want to start with yes, and then set to Pat McDonie for more color. Yes that, he's starting with is it is an incremental and it is excluded. But the answer is yes, there is sour gas centered around the outrigger assets. It's not fully delineated, but there's pockets of very sweet gas and then there are some pretty nasty stuff and then there are some pretty mild stuff. We do have the capabilities to handle sour gas, honestly it gives us a competitive advantage as we add incremental acreage and you know where the sour gas is going to be located gets better defined. We have an AGI well existing in our Central Basin platform assets which we connected the outrigger assets too. We are building the Wildcat plant which was announced and will be on in April. And with that we will have sour gas capabilities at that facility and plans to add incremental capabilities at that facility in the future. So yes, it is income generating very nice rate of return capability that we do have. And again, it gives us a competitive advantage to add incremental acreage and volumes.
Joe Bob Perkins: As you guys, we announced the JV -- with a 50/50 JV with Hess. And what we're referring to as our Little Missouri 4 plant up in the Bakken, as a result of that there was a need for us to acquire an NGL takeaway. We did so, execute a contract with 1.0 for the purposes of that to basically take away the volume that would be produced, the NGL of that would be produced at the Little Missouri 4 plant. The good news about that for us is, is that we were able to approach it in a unique fashion whereby we can actually overtime as the volume increases, exchange those volumes back and have them redelivered to us at our Mont Belvieu facility to feed our fractionation footprint downstream.
Joe Bob Perkins: I'll weigh in on that one. That should not be a new topic. We've been doing that since we founded the company. And at a point in time we've acquired assets that weren't as well integrated to things like scale systems and automatic data recovery. And we very quickly get that to Targa standards and that kind of technology is the correct Targa standard. When we find additional applications, we try to employ them and that should be business as usual. I didn't hear the comments or listened to whatever competitor you're talking about, but if we're not talking about it, it's like other business as usual that we aren't putting on our call.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yeah. Good. Good question. We've got a similar question last year when we talked to Permian growth and how it's going to ramp. We see continued growth quarter to quarter. So, you know our internal forecast have Q1 higher than Q2, Q3 and Q4 just ramping through the year. That said, you know sometimes when one compressor stations or parts of one system come on and ramp up it can kind of be lumpy. So, it might not actually happen that way. So, we try and put our best guess on it, but we aren't that good at forecasting each and every well-connected when it's going to come on. So, we're internally forecasting it to kind of ramp throughout the year. I would expect some lumpiness, but we don't have great visibility into that lumpiness. But I think Q4 we expect to be the highest in Q1 we expect to be the low.
Joe Bob Perkins: I also like to get the math on your question everyone should not forget the wonderful thing about that that debt to EBITDA ratio is in this current environment we are spending the dollars upfront and then comes the EBITDA. So, the denominators then get a whole lot better if you look at that long term forecast we're talking about. And as that denominator getting better that lets us buy back the Stonepeak interest. It's not increasing leverage at that point, it's decreasing leverage because EBITDA is growing.
Joe Bob Perkins: And I think there was a piece of the question in there that said how easy is it to hedge that? Point one, it's very easy and very liquid and very transparent. What the market believes that is at any point in time and far more liquid than our NGL hedges. On the other hand, our investment in SCX helps change that equation. It gets an important pipe done to some extent, hedges our position and definitely will reduce basis. The good thing about high basis is it's all high basis and that's good for our interest as a process processor and our producers interest from their position.
Joe Bob Perkins: I don't think it's expected that I'll get to Waha, in the interim there'll be some issues seasonally and in particular areas of this scoop stack but you know soon announced the pipeline it's getting built that will relieve those issues in the interim period. Gas will move the traditional ways it has through the pipes and try to move it to the upper Midwest or to the east. So that make a lot of sense when Waha is growing at an oversupply per mid county gas to show up the Waha. So, the expectation well anything that can be moved down to North Texas will be moved out of North Texas and everything else will go in traditionally where it has come.
Joe Bob Perkins: And I think what I would add is that, because of the cold weather even with some freeze offs etc. what occurs is, you get a lot more heated triggers being run to make sure that the oil is coming out of the ground. So, you have a lot more consumption of natural gas at the wellhead. That also takes gas away from what ultimately gets delivered in to our gathering and processing facilities. So, you see a combination of that and weather not only affects in the freezing mechanism, but it also for heater or treated purposes etc. So, we think volumes are growing we see it, as kind of a hiccup, but it's not anything we haven't seen before anything even remotely concerned about it.
Joe Bob Perkins: We recognize that the agreement -- the agreement that we have, obviously ONEOK has the pipe today -- OH LP pipe today and then they've got the announcement of their Elk Creek Pipe. Practically speaking it's my understanding that the current pipe is virtually full, so the additive of Elk Creek provides the transportation lag to move the barrels to the various marketplaces. For us we just viewed as a transportation exchange, we're delivering barrels at Bakken and overtime an increasing amount of volumes will be redeliver back to us that at our Mont Belvieu fractionators. Not going to get into that settlement prices or how that works? But needless to say, it is beneficial to target to have those lines that our fractionators.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks operator and thanks to everybody on the call this morning. We hope that the additional color in 2018 guidance was helpful. Please feel free to contact Sanjay, Jen or any of us to follow up. Have a good day.
Scott Pryor: What I was going to add to that is obviously our customers have grown to expect a high service level from us and this is a way for us to continue that level of service and flexibility at our dock. The enhancements to that particular dock as Matt mentioned in his prepared remarks, it is one of our older docks and coming back and repairing it, doing some things to upgrade, loading arms improves the efficiency of that. And then the items that we've chosen to upgrade our Bellevue facility to debottleneck our ability to do butanes quicker will help us and provide efficiencies at the dock as well. The other thing, I would remind you of is that, when we look out into the forecast and obviously the growing market that we got behind our gas processing plants and then the global demand that's out there, much of that global demand is both a complement of propane and butane. So, this will provide us opportunities again to be more flexible and more serviceable to our customers.
Scott Pryor: I think the way we're thinking about it is, we're doing some of these enhancements at the dock and out in the pipeline to position us for that future growth. So, I think we're already working on some of those -- on some of those things because the fundamentals are so strong. We've also included the amount of capital for that project within our $1.6 billion net CapEx number that we gave you. So, this work was kind of already going on. We're always looking for ways to improve our dock efficiency and be able to improve the capacity of our facilities.
Scott Pryor: Its -- Joe Bob is definitely taking this over on what we put out there in June and how much older is a function of how successful we continue to be on the project that we've already announced and the work that's going on that hasn't been announced. I feel really good about it. You should not be marginalizing those small percentage above that I was implying and I don't think we're going to stop working on making it even better. For a continuing outlook of the pricing that we put into that and the activity levels, without giving you a percentage I'm a lot more comfortable with something into significant and not something that's essentially insignificant.
Scott Pryor: Yeah. Just to clarify it was 30 million a day in the fourth quarter that was impacted and offloaded to other systems. And I'll turn it over to Pat to give more color.
Scott Pryor: And if it's not clear to everybody those are temporary offloads. Just getting to the plant start up an additional capacity and then we get those volumes back. The first of the very next month.
Scott Pryor: The current guidance has - are currently expected currently contracted ramp up of all assets. I guess you would say, an additional commercial effort whether it be on gathering and processing, the pipeline or the downstream will add to those volumes causing them to ramp up faster. And that's all good news.
Scott Pryor: Yeah, I'd say -- as we are thinking about that next fractionation train. It's a mix of existing customers and future growth. So, we've added third party contractors who talked about four Grand Prix those are we have significant commitments for both transportation and fractionation. So, it's the growth along our Grand Prix pipeline plus our existing, that is really getting us comfort that not only are we going to need transects but we're going to have future growth above and beyond that as well. So, it's a combination above.
Scott Pryor: Sure, I'll start with that. On the Midland Basins side, it's primarily POP and fee-based contracts over there too, but it's primarily POP. On the Delaware side it's a mix. You know the outrigger acquisition was almost primarily or almost entirely fee based. So, we have a mix of both. For our POP component, we are exposed as we get our percentage of proceeds of the gas to basis. So, one of the points we made when we're talking about hedging, when we hedge our exposure to the POP contract were lone gas, we don't just hedge Henry Hub we hedge basin. So, we'll hedge Waha and El Paso Permian. So, our '18 numbers do reflect that and even our hedges beyond there. We do hedge at Waha and El Paso Permian. So, but overtime we think with GCX over time that large base that we see now is going to is going to start there.
Scott Pryor: Sure, we were impacted by some maintenance events at Versado in the fourth quarter relative to the third. So those were relatively flat actually down a couple million a day. The longer term, if you look for 2018 and beyond we see significant growth out in the Delaware. So, I didn't really grow too much relative to Q3. We do see continued growth going forward and it was a maintenance impact at Versado on the quarter.
Jennifer Kneale: We think ultimately the guidance is really going to be driven by what we see from volumes really across our footprint. If you think about the growth that we're expecting to experience not only in the Permian, but also in some of other systems, so that's certainly part of it. Obviously, the high end of the low end could be impacted by commodity prices. It also could be impacted by just continued commercial execution particularly when we think about the LPG export business where we've essentially said that we're assuming that we do not move one additional cargo across the dock beyond what is contracted today. I'd certainly take the over on that. So, I think those are some of the factors that ultimately will impact where we where we shake out either in the range or above the range. But it's largely growth on the Permian and elsewhere in the field and how that's going to translate to frac downstream.
Jennifer Kneale: No, I think that you know ultimately this was a structure that we put together and was really driven initially, I think it was driven by a number of different factors in terms of how we want to think about cost and some of the flexibility around what we were looking for in the structure. Basically, the structure serves as a bridge for us between -- for 2018 and 2019 while we're in this period of high capital spend before we're really benefiting from significantly ramping EBITDA. And so, when we looked across our platform of assets we were really trying to identify honestly assets that we saw would be most attractive to the capital providers that we have been talking to over the last many months to really structure something that was as cost efficient as possible. So, when you think about the projects that we dropped in there are relatively easy projects to sort of cordon off and be able to track the cash flows associated with them. And I think that's important and if you think about the fractionation, we basically have dropped the tower and the pipelines in and out of the tower into the down scale and we remove some of the noise that would have been created if we have dropped in some of the storage and other things that are very much interwoven with the rest of our footprint. So, we try to be very thoughtful around that. Obviously, these are fee-based assets attractive they're supported by take or pay. And so, that had a lot to do with it as well. So, there were a lot of different factors that sort of went into ultimately what assets got up.
Jennifer Kneale: Sure. So structurally the way it's set up is effectively so can't be left with ownership. And one of the single assets. So, the way it works is if we, we obviously have the flexibility to call the part of the drop-down interest back in $100 million minimum increment. And so, if we do that is effectively $100 million across the three projects. And so, we can do that in increments until we get to effectively 50% of Stonepeak’s interest remaining and then we'd have to do that acquisition of the interest in a single bullet.
Jennifer Kneale: No, there was some LPG as well. So, we had a little bit of rollover related LPG and then frac as well.
Jennifer Kneale: Yeah and I mean I think from our perspective we don't really have what I call sort of a line in the sand related to leverage. It's partially going to depend on what we see during the year related to fundamentals and volumes and sort of where we are on our expected EBITDA and not only for this year obviously but beyond this year. And so, I think that given that we over equities significantly in 2017 that means, we're better positioned now in 2018 and especially as a result of the DevCos as well taking significant funding out of 2018 and 2019. So, our current leverage is about 3.8 times at TRP versus the compliance covenant of 5.5 times, I think we're willing to take it a little bit higher. I think it's largely dependent on how long it would be higher for so the number of periods that we expect it to be elevated before the EBITDA really started to ramp in and bring it back down to where we're ultimately more comfortable operating and that's where a three to four times range.
Jennifer Kneale: Yeah, we're not going to quantify the savings we've sort of characterized it as we’ll ultimately, the structural ultimately cost us is based on a predetermined fixed return that we certainly think is incredibly attractive even versus our current comment if you look at our yield and then assume some sort of a growth component on it. And then there are other facets related to scale that I alluded to earlier in terms of flexibility and some other things that are incredibly important to us. And when we looked at it, it was really the temporary nature of the DevCo structure that was a big focal point for us. That was part of how we designed the structure was we were thinking about what we put in our capital structure that was temporary. And so, when we think about our long-term outlook for EBITDA growth there is a chance that given that increasing impact and given where we expect our leverage to be over that sort of timeframe that we could take this out that we could take it out with obviously some equity, leverage, a mix of the two. And I think that that's part of what ultimately could result in this being a significantly lower cost than certainly issuing something like common - that amount of common at today's price would have been.
Jennifer Kneale: Well over knows splitter obviously comes on line this year and so we'll have OpEx associated with the splitter once it's online. And so, I think if you think about the sort of $43 million payments that we have been receiving in October of every year we've sort of guided to kind of net margin associate with that you know being sort of in the $30 million-ish range, when you take into account of OpEx.
