Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks, Jen. Welcome and thanks to everyone for joining. For our customary format, I will start off with a high level review of our second quarter 2014 performance highlights. Then Matt will review the Partnership’s consolidated financial results, its segment results and other financial matters for the Partnership. Matt will also cover key financial matters related to Targa Resources Corp. Following Matt’s comments, I will provide some concluding remarks that will include an update on our 2014 financial outlook and our outlook for growth capital projects and expenditures. Then Rene would like to say a few words about the second part of the press release concerning management changes and will add his perspectives on the business outlook. Then we will take your questions. Our second quarter adjusted EBITDA was $226 million as compared to $126 million for the second quarter of last year. Yes, the financial reporting accountants assure me that it really does round to $100 million as an increase over the second quarter last year. This 79% increase was driven by record quarterly operating margin in the Logistics and Marketing division and record quarterly operating margin in the Gathering and Processing division. Logistics and Marketing operating margin was 104% higher than the second quarter of 2013 and the G&P division operating margin was 42% higher. The Field Gathering and Processing segment produced operating margin of $98 million representing an increase of 45% versus the second quarter of 2013. This margin increase was primarily driven by the combination of a number of factors, including significantly higher oil and gas throughput volumes and significantly higher year-over-year contribution from Badlands. Continued strong producer activity and increased throughput in other field gathering and processing areas and just beginning to benefit from the startup of commercial operations at our 200 million cubic feet per day Longhorn plant in North Texas in May and our 200 million cubic feet per day High Plains plant at SAOU in June. The logistics asset segment produced quarterly operating margin of $109 million, up 108% compared to last year, primarily driven by higher LPG export activity and higher fractionation activity. We benefited from additional capacity from our Phase 1 expansion at Galena Park export facility completed last September and from increasing operational capabilities as we continue to complete stages of our Phase 2 expansion over this year. In the first quarter we completed a new pipeline between Mont Belvieu and Galena Park. Early in the second quarter at Galena Park we added refrigeration and completed construction of another dock capable of handling VLGCs. The last piece of the Phase 2 expansion is the addition of another de-methanizer, at Mont Belvieu which will be completed in the third quarter of 2014. Operating margin from our marketing and distribution segment was 95% higher in the second quarter of 2014 than the same time period last year, primarily as a result of the increase in LPG export activity. Our distributable cash flow for the quarter of $175 million resulted in distribution coverage of approximately 1.4 times based on our second quarter declared distribution of $0.78 or $3.12 on an annual basis. The partnerships’ second quarter distribution represents a 9% increase compared to the second quarter of 2013. We look at it at the TRC level the second quarter dividend of $0.69 or $2.76 annualized represents a 30% increase compared to the second quarter of 2013. It was a very good quarter. And since our last call I am happy to say that S&P recently raised our credit rating for the partnership to BB+, one notch below investment grade. Before I pass it to Matt, I want to thank Rene and Roy on behalf of the management team and to thank them on behalf of our investors as these two men retire at the end of the year we all owe them a lot for the legacy they helped create a target. Speaking personally, it has been an honor and a privilege to have worked with these two men for the last 12 years or so. I also want to thank Jim Whalen for returning to the role of Executive Chairman of both boards along with the rest of the executive team and all of Traga’s senior leadership. Jim and I are proud to continue the Targa legacy. That wraps up my initial comments and I will hand it over to Matt.
Joe Bob Perkins: We are seeing significant demand of both pipes through 2014. What we said today that since first quarter when we gave you some numbers about it we have continued to add contracts and we have continued to add contract term reflecting that strong demand.
Joe Bob Perkins: It’s probably more than balancing that. We have been increasing capacity nameplate capacity, increasing effective capacity. It’s difficult to term that up until you have already proven it’s there. And we are working within a conservative operational constraint to make sure that we can deliver on term contract requirements. We are not trying to balance spot option availability. We are contracting up rapidly and we are taking advantage of the markets to try to move as much as we can through increasing capability.
Joe Bob Perkins: I should also add for folks who don’t know we have stabilizers and have had them at many of our plants already and sometimes you are running them and sometimes you are modifying them, so.
Joe Bob Perkins: I understand the focus on the utilization of the new plants, but I want to take a step back. The cool thing about both of those new plant that they are part of systems and even super systems now and they are the newest most efficient plan in those systems and super systems. So, it’s natural for us to move some volumes to them. The outlook for North Texas and the outlook for the Permian, SAOU plus Sandhills is for volumes to be increasing even faster than we thought at the beginning of 2014 and that’s the big picture. And then we’ve taken that outlook, our multiple scenarios about what’s going to happen across Field G&P and put that into our revised financial outlook for 2014.
Joe Bob Perkins: I try not to be the NGL price forecaster. And our business in many ways is insensitive or we get positives on one side of price movement and offsetting negatives on the other side of price movement. And that’s a good position for target to be in. Our look for original guidance you recall what that pricing look like. We did multiple price scenarios including current prices as we updated 2014 financial guidance. You won’t see Targa claiming to be a bear or a bull relative to the current spot markets for LPGs, natural gas, or condensate.
Joe Bob Perkins: I don’t want to go into detail about things that I’ve got CAs about. Our capacity, Train 5, Train 6, potentially Train 7 is available to meet the needs of customers from the Northeast, via the Kinder Morgan pipeline and we stand ready to make that capacity available. The announcement of Train 5 is a Train 5 of particular design and we are beginning to build it immediately, saying that we need most of it for our target volumes, but that – that will also serve third-party volumes under existing and future contracts. The potential for Northeast volumes would change the design of the next fracs going on potentially significantly, is it a propane plus stream or is it a propane plus little bit of ethane stream and that would determine the design for which we would permit to meet the needs of shippers on the Kinder Morgan pipeline. That project is not go forward. There is an awful lot of demand from other parts of the country and the design of the next Train beyond Train 5 would probably look more like Train 5 which has a good bit of flexibility already. So, I hope that answered your question. We see demand for fractionation being pretty robust. I think the price we used in the script was that the potential go forward of Northeast liquid coming this direction would impact timing and design, but there is still a lot of demand.
Joe Bob Perkins: I will work with them and the going forward is 6 or 7 is likely to go forward with or without volumes coming from their pipeline from the Northeast.
Joe Bob Perkins: We believe our facilities are nicely positioned for multiple commercial activities. Right now, we are and that’s what we said in the beginning involved in discussions with several counterparties interested in the particular location and benefit that our facilities bring for condensate splitters to the ship channel and those byproducts coming off of condensate splitters to robust markets for them at the ship channel.
Joe Bob Perkins: At the same time, I think that there will be condensate exported. And I am not saying we will participate in that to have to be split on the other side of the water, that’s not – that’s the way it just sort of goes, demand for both types.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think the most important thing with these parties is the availability of ethane in our system that could supply them over the long-term.
Joe Bob Perkins: I will just add one comment. There is nothing linking the two, Roy and I leaving with the energy transfer situation. Unfortunately, it’s just a function of age.
Joe Bob Perkins: I heard on the material side on the engineering construction. I didn’t hear the first part of the phrase. Please repeat…Justin Agnew – Robert W. Baird: Just any cost inflation on any of that.
Joe Bob Perkins: Cost inflation. There are cost pressures just because there is an awful lot of activity out there. The workforce is the one we’d see kind of the most impact and good news is, Targa is a pretty good at retaining our employees and we intend to try to stay good at retaining our employees. Material costs are going up a little bit. Mike, you got more to ask…
Joe Bob Perkins: Yeah. We’ve seen some growth at VESCO from the Mars B platform coming on volumes going to VESCO and we’ve also had producer customer on-shore Louisiana at Lou, some high GPM volumes there. The second quarter volumes at Lou from that are actually down from Q1 we would expect those kind of tail off.
Joe Bob Perkins: In this growing activity in the off-shore prospect will be hopefully tying into the Mars platform. So there’s sufficient activity that will impact these operations over the next few years.Justin Agnew – Robert W. Baird: Got it. Thanks for the color that’s it from me.
Joe Bob Perkins: Not one go into a lot more detail but our discussions with multiple customers are for multiple markets. I think that ethane to those multiple markets will develop over time. It make sense on a global macroeconomic standpoint and as a develops then lower the cost you don’t have just back-to-back contract. But that’s a multiyear process back-to-back contracts will be what you see first.
Joe Bob Perkins: The market has to get confident that ethane prices are going to be reasonable and the supplies are going to be there so, they’ve got a significant capital investment in sales and order that create the demand for the ethane.
Joe Bob Perkins: One of the first things is the seasonality in wholesale propone. So, I’d say that’s the largest factor. Q1’s usually the stronger quarter for wholesale propane and then Q2, it doesn’t make much.
Joe Bob Perkins: That’s a right way to think about it and that’s what we built into our most of the scenarios of our guidance.
Joe Bob Perkins: You kind of changed the question. Frac 5 is pretty much the same and it will be associated with reservation fees to target in third-party existing contracts or future contracts overtime, then you repaid it and you said pretty much immediately. There will be some ramp-up into Frac 5. There was some ramp-up into Frac 4 as you will recall.
Joe Bob Perkins: The producers don’t have bottled up capacity to go from zero to whatever the quantity is in. We did have several suppliers that ramped up on trying for some of those came on later in 2013 and the initial volume have came on in mid year ’13.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, over a reasonable period of time, we would expect frac 5 to be similarly kind of 90% utilization from a financial standpoint is a good way to model it.
Joe Bob Perkins: In the Badlands, there are huge acreage dedications. One Oak has more acreage dedicated to them than any of the company. They should because they’ve been there. They go back towards before the Bakken and there is a lot of held by production acreage out there. We don’t really say that we are competing with other companies for natural gas up there for processing because we have significant acreage dedication to ourselves. One Oak is reaching out to try to alleviate the flaring for producers over a wide area. We are looking at any new sources but we have a growing need by the producers under contract with Targa to build additional plants.
Joe Bob Perkins: You might be reading too much into our step change discussions etcetera. I mean certainly we have had a very large step change in EBITDA that’s 750 million and 925 million and 975 million is the result of things going well across all of our businesses. Distributions have increased as a result of that. I mean we are at the top of that range that we talked about. And we are certainly admitting that we are above the plus on the 25%. But we are also letting with a multi-year view and we always drive this thing with a multi-year view. We are letting coverage go up with that multi-year view and increasing coverages in the short-term to create benefits in the longer term that support higher long-term distribution rates. What we don’t want to do is drive the boat with a whole bunch of steps, right. Ups and then perhaps flats and then more ups, we have got a terrific record of continued increases and continued growth in the increases. And I don’t think you should interpret whatever word was used in step function there to imply that we were going to start driving the boat differently.
Joe Bob Perkins: We anticipated the question. We also know the answer we are going to provide. In the first quarter, we sort of gave numbers. We are not trying to be hard headed or resistant, but it’s not really in our interest to give specific numbers on our contracting on a quarterly basis. We may provide some additional quantification say at our next annual update. What we said today was that relative to first quarter when we said that we had an average of 4.2 million barrels contracted for the remaining three quarters and where we said 2015 had a similar amount contracted. And I think we also said that we had contracts going out to 2020. What we said this time is we are continuing to add contracts with a lot of demand. And we are continuing to add contract term with a lot of demand. So, that’s directional for you, but I know it’s not what you wanted.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, thank you all very much for your attendance and for all of your questions. I particularly want to thank you for everybody’s kind words to Roy and Rene. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact any of us. Gene, Matt, Rene, myself, and probably have more phone numbers than that. So, have a good day and have a nice weekend. Goodbye.
Matt Meloy: Yes. This condensate splitter that we are designing is going to generate six products. A lot of those products have a robust domestic market. Some of those products will be ideally situated for export. And that’s the same thing we are hearing from the customers we are dealing with. These splitters can be designed around the quality of the condensate coming in and again as domestic and international markets for these products.
Matt Meloy: Yes, Q4 was ramping up, but this is Q1 to Q2 and we saw lot of growth just from out in the Permian and from our field production really to go into CVS.
Matt Meloy: I don’t think that I have been one notch below investment grade as a sticking point for those counterparties.
Matt Meloy: Actually, I am glad you asked the question, because Rene, Roy, myself want to quickly dispel any thought that their retirement is linked to those rumors in that article at all. We are managing the company the same way we have for the last 12 years and we are going to manage it the same way in the future with Rene on the board. And I can speak for all of senior management on that. There was rumors. There was an electronic sort of article to the extent that we had to come out with a statement strongly encouraged by the NYSE at the time. That statement said, we have been previously engaged, it was preliminary and high level and the discussions had been terminated. I can assure you that statement was correct. Don’t really have anything else to say today about that statement or that article. Now, you have also kind of addressed a broader M&A question. And first of all, Targa is always looking at potential asset entity acquisitions. Targa acquiring now assets and entity over a wide range of types but we remain disciplined and were not they get frustrated by others of times, sometimes paying too much. We also have fiduciary responsibility to consider any credible offers better incoming. We are focused everyday on improving the long-term value with Targa Resource by doing that management in the boards of the appropriate context to evaluate and incoming offer.
Matt Meloy: I would guess they’re going up less than 7% to 10% per year and we have work with some phenomenal E&C company that have built things on time, on budget and we have great confidence in their continue to support of Targa’s growth and we’re very pleased with what we’re seeing right now.
Matt Meloy: We’ve seen Wilcox volumes come and go along the on-shore Louisiana area that goes to Lou, kind of spurts up and then doesn’t I think we’re going to continue to see gas well gas for the system there, just whether it’s enough to make up for the decline in those volumes.
Matt Meloy: Absolutely. There is customers are going to use this to replace their own declining supplies of ethane as a feedstock and there are locations in the world that we work with for other products that are looking at ethane as a strong source of fuel for electric generation.
Matt Meloy: In this Q1, if you remember that had some dislocation associated with pricing that probably made it more…
Matt Meloy: Yes, it’s come in higher than our 27% estimate for the first half of the year. It’s really been closer to about 33ish% for the first half. And that’s driven by higher TRP EBITDA which is a good thing and helps over the longer term, but in the short-term, it creates more taxable income at TRC. So, given we are revising guidance here higher again, in the second half of this year, something kind of in line with first half seems to be a reasonable estimate.
