Matt Meloy: Yes. Hey, Jeremy. Yes, we raised our guidance for this year. It's really underpinned by the strength and the volume that we've seen, not only so far this year, but also just our expectations for the back half of the year and then leading into 2025. Producers just really continue to have high levels of activity across our system, and we received numerous, I think, kind of revisions to the short, medium-term outlook from our producers across our system. So, that let us feel really good about the EBITDA this year, and positioned us well going into 2025 and strong activity in 2025. So, when you look at our overall EBITDA growth that we expect, coupled with the CapEx moving from $1.4 billion to $1.7 billion, we see a similar -- really similar dollar amount of free cash flow to what we saw when we gave kind of the original outlook back in February of this year.
Matt Meloy: Yes. We just announced it this morning. So, I think, we will always look to do what's in the best interest of the shareholders, whether it's holding a minority interest or monetizing it. But I'd just say we're really excited to partner with white water and the other partners on this. It's much needed for the industry, much needed for the basin. And so we were excited to put a commitment on there and push this past FID and get going on this.
Matt Meloy: Yes. I'd say for 2024, we feel strong we talked about low double-digit growth. We haven't given an exact number where we see 2025. We continue to get updated producer forecast. We've had some commercial success here recently as well. So, as we go into the fall, we'll put all that together and say what does that look like for 2025. I think, what you're hearing from us today is it's trending higher. I think, we feel better about it being stronger than our -- what our 2025 expectations would have been earlier this year. And so I think we feel good we're going to have strong growth in 2025. What exactly that looks like we'll continue to develop that and we'll likely provide that outlook for you sometime in February.
Matt Meloy: In L&T, I think what we saw was you saw a lot of volume increase through our frac and through Grand Prix. So we were waiting eagerly for Train 9 to come on. And so you saw a really large increase. We're up a kind of diverse comparative period is over 100,000 barrels a day. So we saw the volume number increase significantly, yes.
Matt Meloy: Sure, yes. Yes, we indicated kind of our investment multiple going forward about 5.5 times, call it, five to six times EBITDA. And I think you've seen our track record over the last several years. EBITDA multiple has even been perhaps a little bit stronger than that. We're investing in the same kind of projects that have delivered return -- strong returns for us over the last several years. It's investing in our gathering and processing business and then expanding our downstream NGL infrastructure to accommodate those volumes. So we're really sticking to our core business. We expect the returns to be very good. That 5.5 is kind of what we indicated would be a pretty good base case, what we think we can do. I hope we can beat that. But if we do 5.5, it will be a really good return profile for us.
Matt Meloy: Yes, hey, Keith, you are correct, yes. For 2025, with Daytona coming on, back half of this year, we should have sufficient transport through 2025 and some period beyond Daytona coupled with the third-party transportation that we've already executed, and we're working on more. So we're really talking about when and if we may need to do another NGF wide and how it impacts 2026, 2027, 2028 capital. But for 2025, our expectation is we don't have any meaningful transportation capital in that number.
Matt Meloy: Everyone's raising your hand. So I'll start. And then when we think about offload, it really is dependent on the piece of the business. Is it gathering and processing, transportation, frac. I'd say as our volumes have really exceeded our expectations, there are periods of times where we do offload on the G&P side. But with the flexibility we have with our plants, mostly we handle that amongst ourselves, and we'll actually handle some offloads from third parties on the G&P side. As you look through the downstream, the transportation and frac of our NGL volumes have grown significantly, we have connectivity to basically every other pipe in the Permian going to Belvieu. So we have those existing connections from our plants, from legacy plants, from acquired plants. So we have a lot of flexibility to move volume. So look to optimize that for what's the cheapest cost transport while we're bringing Daytona. So there are some volumes that we're moving on other pipes that we'll be able to go on Daytona kind of day one as soon as that comes up. And then same on the fractionation side, we have Train 9, GCF and Train 10, all coming online this year. If you kind of look back at our volumes, the frac has not grown as much as some of our other volumes, and that's because we're managing third-party fractionation there as well. So you saw a big step up this quarter with Train 9 coming on that is kind of bringing some of those volumes back onto our system. I'd expect more of that to happen in the third quarter and the fourth quarter.
Matt Meloy: I would say, on average, our plants are around $200 million on the G&P side of things for a new 275 plan. Some have been a little bit cheaper, some have been a little bit more depending on what kind of inlet compression you're doing in, some of the other bells and whistles or sweet sour, but it's around 200 for the plants we have announced.
Matt Meloy: And we haven't really seen, I'd say, a material change. It varies from year to year, but we haven't seen a trend of getting more expensive or less expensive. It's been operating within a band that we've seen year in, year out.
Pat McDonie: No, they are. I mean we had some periods of ethane rejection in the first quarter. That, coupled with some weather issues at times, and we've been in full recovery during the second quarter.
Pat McDonie: I think the key components there, Matt, are exactly what you said. Large footprint, fungible system underpinned by millions of acres of dedication on both the Delaware and Midland side of the basin, and that's with producers that are committed to growing the Permian Basin production outlook. So, when I look at the Midland system, it's pretty easy, right? We've been there for a long time. We've had that system. It is on the core, the core of the best rock in the basin. And then with the Lucid acquisition we did a couple of years ago now, that allowed us to get that same type of position in the Delaware Basin, where we are in the core of the core, covering the best rock, a great group of producers, again, underpinned by multimillion acre dedications with producers, again, that are committed to developing and growing their production in the Permian. And I think the one thing we left out in all of that is, we continue to have commercial success. We've had a lot of commercial success early in the Midland Basin and recently in the Delaware Basin that is additive to that footprint that we've already had in place for a good period of time.
Pat McDonie: Yeah. What I would say is no, we're not expecting an increase in rigs. What we're seeing is greater efficiencies. And with some of the recent combinations of companies that you've seen more efficient use of combined acreage position. So they are getting higher productivity. They are able to drill an equivalent number of wells with a lower rig count. GOR is certainly a factor, but in the big scheme of things, it's not as big a factor. Obviously, we've seen it increase and continue to increase, but the continuing increase is a lot lower than what it was over the past, say, three to five years. So it's really activity of the producer group that is on the Targa acreage, their commitment to drilling in the Permian, and they're achieved frankly, they're achieved efficiencies. And again, it goes back to our commercial success, adding to the footprint we already have.
Pat McDonie: No, I think you described it. I mean there's a lot of variability there. It depends on if producers drill behind existing batteries. Where they drill, how many new batteries we're connecting, high-pressure low-pressure all those things, sweet sours. There's just a ton of it, and you're right. With lead times on compression and plants, that capital kind of gets get kind of mothball together and it's -- there's not a real finite number that I'd be comfortable.
Scott Pryor: Yes, Jeremy, this is Scott. The construction on Daytona has gone very well. When you enter into construction of a long-haul pipeline of this size and at this distance, you would anticipate once you get in the construction phase that you might have delays relative to weather or just in general construction delays. But for us, quarter in and quarter out, we've seen improvements. The Targa team has done an excellent job installing that pipe. And I would not be surprised if it actually comes online sometime during this quarter, the third quarter of this year. So, very pleased with the timeline.
Scott Pryor: Spiro, this is Scott again. I'll first start on the pipeline side of things. Certainly, with Daytona coming online, likely during this quarter, that gives us a lot of operational leverage as it relates to the volumes coming out of the west from the Permian along those 2 lines. So we've got the Grand Prix line, the original West line, we've got Daytona and with a lot of operational leverage with that. Then that ties into our trunk line that feeds into Mont Belvieu, where we've got some operational leverage as well. So we feel really good about where we are positioned there. I will say that with the cadence of the plants that Pat and his team have been successful at executing on and we look at the volume growth that we have. We've actually done some third-party contracts out there given the number of announcements you've seen on Y-grade pipeline coming out of the Permian, we feel as though there's a little bit of overcapacity, and we're in a position to at reasonable prices to do a term contract with the volume growth that we see on that. The likelihood is, again, with additional capacity that's out there, we'll look for some additional contracts that we can do. Again, as long as the prices are reasonable, it will allow us to push out the next expansion that we might have to have on our pipeline system and defer capital further out. So that puts us in a good position. As we look at frac side, certainly, we benefited in the second quarter of this year with Train 9 coming online during the month of May. We had some strong volumes across our fractionation footprint. We saw a little bit of impact in the first quarter because of some maintenance that we had scheduled. But the second quarter ran very well. Train 9 came online, basically full from day 1. And then when we look out into the third quarter, we'll have GCF coming online. Our equity share of that will likely be full. And then later this year, Train 10 will come online. Not much benefit we expect at this point from Train 10, but it is nice to see that we have moved the time line of that in-service date from the first quarter of 2025 to the latter part of this year and we'll see that come online and give us benefit. When you think about the timing of the plants from our G&P footprint, all the announcement that we had previously made as well as the ones this morning. A mid 2026 time frame for Train 11 fits us very well in order to catch those volumes as well. So, great position on the transportation side, both leveraging our current capacity as well as overcapacity, if you will, from a midstream perspective, as well as how we set on the fractionation front.
Scott Pryor: And I would also say, Theresa, that I alluded to the fact that we had some maintenance issues during the first quarter. Those are behind us now. Again, the second quarter ran very, very well. And to Matt's point, we had over 110,000 barrels a day of incremental frac runoff during the second quarter.
Jen Kneale: Theresa, so we also generally hire ahead of assets coming online. So you would have seen an increase in OpEx prior to Train 9 coming online, as we essentially got ready for it. So then when we get the volume associated with the asset essentially being full. When it does come online, that may be one of the reasons that the unit margins improved in the second quarter.
Jen Kneale: We believe it is, Michael. The $1.7 billion multiyear outlook that we put out earlier this year is really predicated on a high single-digit Permian growth scenario. So as we said this morning, to the extent that we see an acceleration of volume growth beyond that in 2026 and beyond, that could change that growth profile. And then the other element that we've pointed to since we put that slide out is that, our downstream capital spending is lumpier generally than our discrete projects on the gathering and processing side to the extent that we need to add fractionation or in particular, transportation, that can change the complexion of how that outlook plays out for a given individual year. But I think over a multiyear horizon, it still very much holds again, largely dependent on what the assumption is for underlying Permian growth volumes.
Jen Kneale: I'd say that there's really no change to how we are thinking about capital allocation, John. Foundational to everything that we're doing is a strong balance sheet. And as we've articulated this morning, we see our balance sheet getting stronger through the end of this year and into next year, and that's creating a lot of flexibility for us. We were very active in the second quarter. We have an opportunistic share repurchase program. You'll continue to see us be opportunistic, which will create some variability quarter-to-quarter. But the underlying premise is that we believe that our outlook is only strengthening over the short, medium and long term. And we have a lot of conviction in where the company is today and where the company is headed. And part of how we will continue to return capital to shareholders is really through both a combination of likely meaningful increases in our annual dividend per share as well as continued opportunistic share repurchases.
Jen Kneale: We're not going to break it out separately, Sunil. What we have said is that we expect to be in a position to potentially benefit from 45Q credits later this year. We have a number of projects that we're commercializing in the Permian Basin that's very much core to what we do and what we are good at. So it's small enough that it doesn't make sense for us to break it out separately, but I'd say the returns are consoserate with what we're seeing across the rest of our investment opportunities across the portfolio.
Jen Kneale: In the second quarter supports why the fee floors are so important to us. When you think about the amount of capital that we spent in the quarter, now moving forward with two additional gas processing plants to support our producers with the backdrop of negative Waha prices and low NGL prices, yes, you can assume that the fares -- the fee floors were very much important to us in the second quarter. And really have been in play for a substantial number of months over the last, call it, 1.5 years or so. And that again is really what's allowed us to invest through what is a low commodity price cycle right now and what is allowing us to continue to invest looking forward as well.
