Scott Pryor: Thanks, Pat. In our Downstream segment, our LPG export volumes, fractionation volumes and treating volumes were all higher in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. We exported 6.5 million barrels per month of propane and butanes from Galena Park, driven by continued global demand strength throughout the first quarter despite periods of high domestic propane prices. However, the growth in volumes was not enough to offset the impact of margin compression on both term and spot deals, as some of our older contracts roll off. Similar to previous years, we are likely to see some headwinds in the LPG export business in the second quarter, given backwardation in market prices as we come off a period of higher demand. We are aware of some cancellations at other facilities. But at this point, we have not experienced any at Galena Park. Looking forward, our outlook is unchanged given our substantial long-term contract position and favorable global fundamentals for U.S. LPG exports. In our fractionation business, volumes were approximately 2% higher quarter-over-quarter, as we benefited from higher volumes on our G&P systems in the Permian Basin and increasing domestic production. We expect this positive volume trend to continue. And given our available capacity at Mont Belvieu, fractionation margin is likely to increase over the course of 2017 and beyond, as we benefit from continued domestic volume growth and addition of more Gulf Coast based petrochemical cracker capacity, which creates more demand for ethane. As Joe Bob mentioned earlier, the increasing domestic volume growth outlook is also likely to accelerate the need for additional fractionation space at Mont Belvieu. And we could have growth CapEx spending for Train 6 in 2018, depending on expected volumes. Overall, the outlook for Targa's downstream business continues to strengthen, driven by continued integration with our growing G&P business and the flow of NGLs to our asset position along the U.S. Gulf Coast. And with that, I turn the call back over to Joe Bob.
Scott Pryor: I would just say that we continue to manage our contract portfolio very closely. We are working with existing customers, both on their current contracts as well as potential contracts going forward. And we continue to work very closely with potential contracts. We'll evaluate each opportunity that's out there, whether it is a term-related contract or it's a spot-related contract that fits us well. Clearly, when we first initiated our projects in 2013 and 2014 with our first level of contracting, we're not seeing those types of levels that we first had in that first initial contracts. But we are still - we still have attractive contracts on the books in our portfolio, and we believe that the market demand will continue to grow. And we have a wonderful position on the U.S. Gulf Coast, and we'll meet the demand as it continues to increase.
Scott Pryor: Well, what I would say is that, first off, we gave some pretty detailed information in our last earnings call when we talked about how contracted we are for a long period of time. When you think about the availability of current space that we have over and above those term contracts, when we're selling spot volumes per se, those are not the same sort of levels we saw on spot values, say, again, a few years back. Contracting levels, for us, we feel very comfortable with. When you think about going forward, again, I'll go back to what I said earlier, and that is, is we're working with a variety of customers on a variety of discussions relative to their volume needs. And we will continue that effort and again contract for what fits Targa well.
Scott Pryor: Yes, I would say somewhat steady, just recognizing that anything that we move across our dock in a given quarter is both a mixture of term contracts as well as spot activity. So as a result of that, when we're in a situation like we are today where the market is not as robust as it has been in previous years, spot activity across our dock is - with the margin compression on that spot number impacts. Again, with LPG export demand growing globally, we will be in a position to meet incremental opportunities across our dock, and we should improve with that. But again, it's all going to be dependent upon how the market dynamics play out over time.
Scott Pryor: I think a steady rate, again recognizing that when you think about the connectivity we have with our upstream side of the business, Pat and his team are keeping our team on the downstream side very busy with all of their growth. And that just enhances our downstream business overall. So a leading - with some of the - I guess, comment that Joe Bob and team provided today, again one of the reasons why we see second half of the year looking better as we move throughout the year.
Scott Pryor: Propane inventory is, obviously, people have a keen eye on the inventories. What I would suggest is, is that the global market, along with the U.S. market, works pretty efficiently to balance itself out. And here at Targa, we will continue to be focused in on the linkage that we have with our upstream G&P group in and through our assets for deliveries to end markets, whether those would be petrochemical markets or other end-user markets here domestically as well as what we are shipping across our dock. Again, the market will balance itself out, and we'll watch patiently as we move throughout the summer to see how the inventory fluctuates throughout the season.
Scott Pryor: Yes, the only other thing I would add is, is that when you look at the volumes through the frac, recognizing that we're still somewhat in a few areas of ethane rejection. So as ethane recovery comes on, that could have some minor impacts to us. But really, the way we look at it is, what's the overall growth in Y-grade production from upstream. And again, with our growth on the upstream side, that - we are set to benefit from all of that.
Scott Pryor: It's a combination of both domestic demand as well as PDHs and, obviously, petrochemical expansions.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you, Scott, and thanks to all the speakers. My concluding remarks, now I feel redundant to the well-done remarks of the team, so I'll be brief. The first quarter of 2017 flew by, thankfully much more positive than the first quarter of 2016. And although the Targa employee attitude was still positive in 2016 relative to the circumstances, the energy and attitude at this time is much preferred. Hopefully, you can sense our excitement at Targa. We've had a lot of very attractive growth projects announced and/or underway, and see a runway for continued attractive opportunities going forward. Today, we increased our full-year 2017 forecasted growth CapEx for announced projects to approximately $960 million from $700-plus million last quarter. And we're likely to spend more, if activity continues and some of the unannounced projects under development are successful. And our strong available liquidity and demonstrated access to the capital markets positions us well to fund our current and future projects. Our 2017 field G&P volume guidance is unchanged versus our last earnings call, so I probably even feel better. Overall, we continue to expect field G&P inlet volumes to be about 10% higher for average 2017 versus average 2016, driven by volumes about 20% higher in the Permian Basin and higher Bakken volumes and higher South Texas volumes, partially offset by lower North Texas, WestOK and SouthOK volumes. Importantly, our outlook beyond 2017 continues to strengthen, as our visibility around activity and project supports our expectations for the potential of significant margin expansion for our G&P segment in 2018 and 2019. Our field G&P business will continue to support our activities downstream, and the outlook for higher fractionation volumes and a substantially contracted LPG export business, means we should see higher year-over-year margins for our downstream business over the foreseeable future. And our dividend coverage outlook remains unchanged. We continue to expect the dividend coverage of 1.0 times or better, assuming that 2017 dividend of $3.64 per common share and we expect coverage to improve beyond 2017 as we benefit from full-year contributions from growth CapEx projects underway. So thank you all very much. And with that, operator, please open the lineup for questions.
Joe Bob Perkins: It's continued. It has been a focus for some time. I hope you've all heard me bragging on how much better it's working over the last year or so, with continued efforts, but Scott's group, Pat's group, Danny's group couldn't be working better. That's not right. They're going to keep working better and better, but I'm very happy with how they're working.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think I would start with and I may not have said it clearly, it was really pretty much on our expectations. Since the two-and-a-half months of our last quarterly earnings call, our feel and activity across the board has been positive. Cadence within the quarter, I'm not sure I'm good enough to do, and Pat's kind of looking at me like cadence within the quarter is difficult.
Joe Bob Perkins: You heard part of it right with the very attractive supply position we have in the Permian Basin across our Gathering and Processing assets. We are involved in discussions as an important customer or potential partner, and we certainly look at work on our own. We want to be very thoughtful about what are the right decisions for Targa along those takeaway projects, in particular, where we've got that large gas and NGL position. We want to do the right thing for our customers, the right thing for our shareholders. And we've got attractive options.
Joe Bob Perkins: Okay, fees. We've said publicly, associated with the acquisition that the existing contracts at both the Midland and Delaware site with 15-sort-of-year average life. We're done in a difficult time by the developers and to meet needs of producers who needed infrastructure in order to develop their own projects and that those contracts reflected the risks and greenfield nature, new build of the time. You sort of answered your own question in the question. And we continue to benefit from those higher than average Permian margins on the gas and oil side. Yes, that will have an impact on our overall profitability. Assets you see us building - I'll point the Wildcat as an example, will not necessarily just serve new contracts. They'll serve the newly acquired contracts. So serve those newly acquired contracts, other dedications we get and dedications we already have. So it's - you won't be able to see the moving pieces, but it is a positive for us.
Joe Bob Perkins: I thought Danny's color was terrific, which is it has gotten more positive even at today's pricing, that we've got visibility with good communications with our producers. And we are spending capital in 2017 for the benefit of the end of 2017, 2018 and beyond. Now you all can see the number of rigs moving to the Bakken just this weekend. I'm not comparing it to the Permian. But when you're in a good place for where those rigs are moving and where activity is occurring, I think it's - I think we're indicating a positive.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. I probably won't be the best expert on how long it's going to be wide before it tightens up again. We are not managing our Waha basis risk differently than we have in the past. We do hedge a portion of our commodity - equity commodity risk, as you know, and Matt gave you the updates. When the gas portion of that hedge is Waha-based, we hedge it as Waha. We try to do so with discipline and without a view of when is the right time to hedge Waha. When we think about more broadly managing that risk, it's trying to see the needs over time for interconnectivity for our assets. And in reality, our assets will mostly get market price. It's good for producers. It's good for G&P operators such as ourselves to improve takeaway from the Permian. And the large basis that you're seeing now, and it probably gets larger before it gets smaller, will help eliminate that basis, because it will incent capital investment for the takeaway. And you can say that broadly across all three commodities.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. I was afraid might extrapolate it, and I knew the question was coming. If you look at the previous two data points, you go back to Buffalo, which we put in the second quarter of 2016, we then put in Benedum, the Midkiff expansion happened in the first part of this year and Joyce coming on in the first quarter-ish of 2018, that was a pretty extended period of time. But May of 2016 was also the lowest rig rate - the lowest number of rigs in the Permian in quite some time. That's a pretty rapid ramp-up. We're going to build them in time to take care of the needs of our important partner, Pioneer, where we get great information. And the Pioneer look-alikes, who are doing as well as they are, in the area. I don't have a prediction for you on how quick the next one will come. But you can be assured we are looking with our high beams, we're comparing all of the producer forecasts and activity levels. And I would say today, best information I've got, is that each successive well continues to be a little bit better than the last one. So I'd just say stay tuned. We're going to be - we're able to be efficient with our capital. All of our plants can run a little bit more than the official nameplate 200 million a day. And the interconnectivity of the systems, the - call it, the more toy plants that we have acquired and adopted and restarted, all give us some flexibility on trying to manage the exact point in time that a plant has to be ready. If you look over on the Western side of the Permian, the Wildcat plant, now that's 250 million a day plant. [Periodicity from it] [ph], that's our first scale plant, but we had to shove in the Oahu plant to kind of take care of initial business. We owned it. It fit well there. It was a good bridge solution, but it doesn't take very long to fill up the 60 million a day. I know that's not as precise a formula as many of the people on the phone might like, but it really is the best answer I can give you right now.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. You - we prepared that one intentionally in our comments. When you look back at my script, I think I say range-bound that today's forward script, or range-bound around today's levels. Our feeling and our view is, by its very nature, the latest conversations we've had with our producers, is a function of that. And in the Permian Basin, it's pretty darn robust at that. In the Bakken, at that, you were hearing the color we were giving you, which was positive. It's harder to say, where do producers field and I think you said $40 to $45. We're not in $40 to $45 now. But we kind of went through it with activity increasing, before we were in the $50 range. I think we're positive here. Positive around here. Positive with the forward curve. I can't tell you what the downward piece looks like other than to say, certainly, in the Permian basin, I read the same stuff you all do. I hear the same stuff that you hear from, for example, Pioneer and I probably hear a little more that's not inconsistent with it. So I'm not going to turn suddenly bearish at $40 to $45.
Joe Bob Perkins: In some ways, South Texas has been a consolidating basin. And I think we've worked with that in mind. Our partnership with Sanchez is a very good one and has the benefit of working with one of the - the best operator in the basin, and one of the few that is growing. That's all positive. And we keep our eyes out for what's the best way to manage the available capacity in our hands, and we're watching the consolidation that's going on around us.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, I mean, there you do have demand pull. Ethane pull from the new petchems will create demand, and there will be more ethane [indiscernible] ethane instead of methane, that is a demand pull. The propane going into Y-grade is coming with the E&P production development. So demand pull in ethane. E&P supply driven on propane, and we will build a frac at the right time to meet those volume needs. I'm not saying anything else about that. No one's crystal ball is perfect in terms of what activity in the Permian, the SCOOP, STACK and elsewhere driving at the Mont Belvieu is going to be. But we have pretty good visibility on it. And I would continue to say that Train 6 is a question of when, not if. And if activity levels continue as they are currently, we've got the permit in hand, and we'll announce when we start spending dollars on it.
Joe Bob Perkins: Unfortunately, preparing for this I didn't hear it. And I'll read the transcript afterwards. We communicate on an IR-to-IR basis, pretty darn well. I believe and I shouldn't be the spokesman for them, I believe they were referring to Midkiff and Benedum in saying that they were glad that those were brought up because otherwise, the Johnson plant wouldn't be owned in time enough. It's helped us get to when the Joyce plant needed to be in time. It provided a little bit more buffer. Now, what also provides a little bit more buffer is we've done a really good job connecting the WestTX system to the rest of the Targa system. And it allows offloads and sometimes on-loads, that provides cushion, shock absorbers to the filling up around that area. I imagine that's what they were talking about. The only other non-operating plant in the entire Targa system that I can think of is in SAOU and it's 60 million a day.
Joe Bob Perkins: Coastal, which, for the most part, is catching offshore Gulf of Mexico and Southwest Louisiana E&P activity has been on a decline, with not a whole lot of activity. It's nice that we get the benefit of some of the big deepwater projects that continue such as the Mars B-Type stuff. And we've got the best catchers mitt. I'll remind everyone to look more at the NGLs than the natural gas inlet. That's where we get our percent of proceeds. And let's say, it has more option value than immediate growth potential right now.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, first of all, I'm really, really fond of integration. I would say that, at this point in time, you wouldn't find anyone in the Targa side, except perhaps a couple of abused accountants, saying that they had their hands full with integration. I think it's working, okay? The operations folks are already Targa folks. It's been integrated into our operations. People are working well together. The communication across the businesses, this one has gone quickly and good. With respect to M&A, we look a lot. You can see our plate is pretty full on the organic growth opportunities in and around our assets. And that's our favorite work. If you put another deal like the recently closed Permian acquisition on the table right now, though, I would hit that button at that price, at that value, bolt it onto the Midland and bolt it onto the Delaware. I think I said, it was the banker bringing a book around, I'd say, just bring me another one of those, and we'll keep it.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you very much, operator. We appreciate your time. We know it ran long. If you have any other questions, please give Sanjay or Jen a call. And have a great day.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. So what's on the books right now is the $462 million, which you referenced. We base that off of forecasts of discussion with our customers, drilling expectations over the next several years. And we put that on the books. We think that is not an unreasonable assessment of where we'd expect the actual payout to be. Of course, it's going to be dependent on volumes in both the Midland and the Delaware on crude and gas. The operating margin for us could be significantly higher than that as we add contracts that weren't in place as of March 1, as of the acquisition date. So - but those are all the things that we're going to have to take a look at on a quarterly basis going forward. And then it'll be - when we get into the first quarter of next year, we'll be making that first payment, and we'll continue to estimate through the life of the remaining earn-out, and then it will get trued up in early 2019.
Matthew Meloy: Yes, Jeremy. We had - as we went through the higher OpEx, it was multiple items. So we kind of lumped it into a maintenance category and other things. It was multiple business unit, multiple items that just kind of stacked up in the first quarter. Sometimes these maintenance repair items can be lumpy. Just a disproportionate amount kind of hit this first quarter. So that's really what drove the higher OpEx on the downstream side. And then on the Gathering and Processing side, the higher OpEx was more related to the additional activity, specifically in the Permian Basin. So that was more kind of more expected and more normal course.
Matthew Meloy: Jeremy, I'm not sure I'm following exactly the question. I'll just say when we export, it's a fee business, right? So we charge a terminal fee to move the product across our dock.
Matthew Meloy: Yes, and - so in that other bucket for both Midland and the Delaware, there's a piece of that that is crude-related. But majority of that is related or natural gas gathering and processing infrastructure. It's adding pipelines, compression and the like. But there's a piece of that that is related to crude.
Matthew Meloy: Yes, we're seeing significant growth in the crude gathered volumes out there. If you look at it right now, that's 27,000 barrels versus - we have still remaining capacity in both Delaware and the Midland, but with activity around those systems, we're going to put in some additional infrastructure to handle that. We don't have any specifics or anything announced on this call, we'll be discussing, but as we kind of work through plans with producers, there may be something large enough there that we would break out in a subsequent call.
Matthew Meloy: I guess I'll start maybe just generally, Scott, and then maybe you can get more specific. I think of the linkage between those two over the long-term rather than the short-term. Over the long-term, as Y-grade increases at both our facilities and volumes going through our frac, there's going to be more available for export both at our facilities and at other facilities. So growing supply overall is good thing for the export business. On a quarter-to-quarter basis, what's going through our fractionation facilities is driven by production out in the field. I wouldn't think of it as a demand pull from worldwide LPG, what we run through our fractionators.
Matthew Meloy: Yes, I wouldn't expect it to just to take Q1 in run rate. We should see some lower OpEx than that, although it is a little bit difficult to predict exactly what's going to show up in Q2 versus Q3 or Q4. But I think that's right.
Matthew Meloy: I mean, that's one of the factors, but it is lower exports. There was some lower margins on the wholesale side as well. But it's also higher OpEx. I mean, those are the kind of largest items that drove Logistics and Marketing lower either year-over-year or if you look quarter-to-quarter.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. I think we'll continue to use the ATM to fund equity portion of our growth capital. I think we'll continue to over-equitize our growth CapEx to our historical 50% debt, 50% equity. I think we'll continue to run over that. As we see one significant remaining CapEx to be spent this year, but also likely growing capital expenditures, we're going to want to stay ahead of that. When you look at our leverage, our compliance at TRP was 3.6 times. We've had a 3 to 4 times range, or target range for really since the Targa partnership went public. So we are comfortably within that zone. But we're also, if you look at the reported leverage, it's about 4.4 times. I think over time we're going to want to roll that down lower than that. So I think that's going to keep us continuing to fund our growth CapEx likely over the 50% for the near term.
Matthew Meloy: And there was an - and also, there was an operational uplift [ph]. Okay. on the tailgate of VESCO [ph]during the first quarter. So going forward, I'd expect, as - inlet volumes to decline, the NGLs to decline. But there was an operational upset which made that even larger this quarter.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. I would expect the produced GPM to be similar going forward. So you can look at what the delta was and the inlet decline versus what was produced.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to follow-up on Waha a little bit here, and I'm just wondering if you guys have any plans for managing the basis risk there, any differently that comes through in your pop exposure? And just wondering if you have any thoughts as far how long the basis could be wide before it maybe tightens up again.
Jeremy Tonet: That makes sense. Just wanted to touch as well on some of the one-off costs that you guys mentioned in the Logistics and Marketing segment. If you could provide a little bit more color there, that would be helpful.
Jeremy Tonet: Got you. Great. And then in Logistics and Marketing as well, could you provide any color as far as - how much of Q1's export margin decline was driven by dock fees relative to kind of commodity margins? If dock margin stay stable from here, can commodity margins expand? Or any color there would be great.
