Joe Perkins: Thanks, Joe. Welcome and thanks to everyone for participating. Besides Matt and myself, there are several other members of management who will be available to assist with Q&A. For today’s agenda, not unlike previous calls, I’ll start off with a high-level review of performance, key accomplishments and business highlights for the quarter. We’ll then turn it over to Matt to review the Partnership’s consolidated financial results, segment results and other financial matters for the partnership. Matt will also review key financial matters related to Targa Resources Corp. Following Matt’s comments, I’ll provide an additional update on some of our ongoing activities, and we’ll take your questions at the end. We’re off to a great start in 2012 with strong operating and financial results for the first quarter and with solid performance across almost all aspects of both our Gathering & Processing and our Logistics and Marketing divisions. As we execute our growth strategy, the Partnership’s diverse midstream platform continues to benefit from strong industry fundamentals. And that same platform provides an exciting inventory of announced and potential growth projects. We reported first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $145 million, which resulted in distributable cash flow of approximately $106 million. Distribution coverage was 1.5x based on our first quarter declared distribution of $0.6225 per quarter or $2.49 on an annual basis. The Partnership’s first quarter distribution represents a 12% increase compared to the first quarter 2011. Moving to the business highlights for our Gathering & Processing division, first quarter operating margin for the division increased 22% over last year. In almost every case, business unit plant inlet and NGL production were up over this quarter last year only exception was Coastal Straddles were inlet was down, but NGL production was up. The Field G&P segment reported a first quarter 2012 operating margin increase of approximately 20% compared to the first quarter 2011. This increase was the result of increased volumes in all of our Field G&P business units North Texas, SAOU, Sand Hills, and Versado. Volume increases driven by very active drilling and production activity. Inlet and gross NGL production for the segment both increased about 14% over first quarter 2011. These increasing Field G&P volumes are primarily from very active and growing resource plays some with years of remaining locations. For example, the Wolfberry oil wells in the case of SAOU, Wolfberry and Bone Springs oil wells for Sand Hills and high liquid gas wells from the oily part of the Barnett in North Texas. Also, if you recall, last year at this time, we had a normally cold weather. This year the mild weather benefited our field operations. First quarter 2012 Coastal G&P operating margins increased approximately 28% over first quarter 2011. The increase was primarily attributable to increased gas purchase for processing at VESCO, higher system liquid content at LOU due to wellhead volume increases we’ve talked about before, continued optimization of throughput and favorable frac spread. Our coastal assets are well positioned for future growth opportunities as well. Well positioned as we see permitting activity in the Gulf of Mexico return to normal. As we see onshore activity heat up in the Wilcox and Austin Chalk. And as we begin to learn more about early indications for the Tuscaloosa Marine shale, sometimes referred to as a TMS or Louisiana Eagle Ford. The ongoing industry dynamics, which are increasing NGL production from Targa and other companies Gathering & Processing facilities, also increased volumes and activity downstream, an increased demand for incremental NGL infrastructure, which benefits our Logistics & Marketing division. For the first quarter, operating margin from our Logistics & Marketing division increased 26% over the first quarter of 2011. While operating margin in the distribution and marketing segment was down versus 2011, the segment really performed quite well given weaker price environment and the low heating demand caused by a warmer than average winter. The logistics asset segment benefited from increased fractionation volumes primarily due to CBF’s Train 3 Expansion increased treating fees due to our Benzene project coming online in January and to some extent from Petroleum Logistics terminals and increased LPG Export activity versus this quarter last year. That wraps up my initial review and I’ll hand it over to Matt. 
Joe Perkins: Thanks, Matt. To wrap up our prepared remarks, I’m going to provide a few highlights of ongoing projects. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we announced a North Texas Longhorn project in response to increased production, significant producer activity and expected increases in inlet gas and NGL volumes in the liquid rich area of the Barnett Shale that we serve. This 200 million cubic feet a day cryogenic gas processing plant project is estimated to cost approximately $150 million and is backed by significant new acreage dedications. With much of the equipment ordered in offsite work underway, it’s expected to be on line mid 2013 or perhaps later depending on the uncertain timing of the new EPA permit approval process. In addition to the Longhorn Project, other North Texas expansion activity continues. With activity levels and growth capital investment expected to be similar to 2011, as activity continues in the area and Targa attempts to meet the growing needs of our producer customers. In the Permian Basin, we are experiencing continued producer activity, active leasing, active vertical and horizontal drilling and increasing producer knowledge of how to exploit the multiple stacked oil plays of the Basin. The Spraberry/Dean/Wolfcamp/Cline AKA Wolfberry in the Avalon/Bone Springs are impacting our facilities. This activity significant new acreage dedications and increasing volumes at both SAOU and Sand Hills have already resulted in 30 million cubic foot a day plant expansion projects at both locations. Both are approved and underway for a total incremental capacity of 60 million cubic feet a day, new processing capacity that will be in place by the end of this year and we see additional expansion expected in the future. The Benzene Treating project is now online and providing additional fee-based margins with term user pay contract arrangements. Construction continues on our $360 million fee-based 100,000 barrel a day Train 4 Expansion at CBF. And it is scheduled for a second quarter 2013 start up. As we have previously mentioned, this capacity is fully contracted for term with high levels of frac-or-pay commitments. Furthermore, we are seeing a high level of customer interest for additional Targa fractionation capacity, significant demand for a new 100,000 barrel a day Train 5. The engineering fee study will be completed in mid May and permits have been submitted. Our approximately $250 million international grade propane export project where we are adding facilities at both our Galena Park marine export/import terminal in our Mont Belvieu complex to provide for the export of low ethane propane is expected to be operational by the third quarter of 2013. We have had tremendous response from the international market since we announced the project. Even though the facility will not be operational until 2013, we already have multiyear user pay commercial contracts in place for a substantial piece of our new international propane export capability. We’re currently executing growth projects and pursuing additional growth capital investments in each of our 3 Petroleum Logistics terminals. And as we’ve said before, we plan to continue our terminal acquisition and development strategy. In conclusion, we are very pleased to see first quarter results continue the strong 2011 year-end increases for both of our divisions. These results clearly illustrate the success we are seeing across our diverse asset base. We’re confident in the continued underlying industry fundamentals that support growth across our diverse midstream platform. And as mentioned earlier, we have over $1 billion in announced growth projects coming online throughout 2012 and 2013 adding to our scale and diversity. These are attractive projects with attractive returns, attractive multiples to EBITDA and they provide a high degree of visibility on incremental fee-based business and on our future financial performance. And we’re continuing to develop high-quality projects I alluded to some of them a little bit ago that were in response to customer demand for quality well run midstream infrastructure. The partnership has a very good track record of delivering on strong growth. And with our $1 billion of liquidity, 2.6x leverage ratio, strong distribution coverage providing additional growth capital, the Partnership is well positioned for future growth. As we previously pointed out with our January financings completed, we’ve essentially funded all of the announced projects. Again we’re very proud of our 2012 first quarter results and proud of all the Targa employees that made it possible. Operator, now we’re ready to take any follow-up questions. 
Joe Perkins: We see scales larger than that readily available 30 million a day at each location. We’re working with producers on that, studying the right size and looking for contractual arrangements. 
Joe Perkins: It would be helpful. I don’t attempt to say more about the contractual arrangements than what we said in our prepared remarks. But I will remind you of what we said about the capacity of the facility, it’s up to 4 of the very large ships and you can quantify the ships as averaging about 550,000 barrels -- 540,000 to 550,000 barrels per ship -- per month. 
Joe Perkins: The 5,000 barrels an hour is important in that overall capacity situation as is the dock situation in getting ships in and out. It’s for us on our capability being up, up to 4 of those large ships per month. 
Joe Perkins: I think that export capacity is needed. I think the demand we’re seeing says it will be pretty fully utilized. And I believe that it does help pricing. My pricing crystal ball isn’t any better than anyone else’s out there and I think we will see a lot more about propane pricing come this second half of the year and as we go through next winter. 
Joe Perkins: I would anticipate that the contracts would look very similar to the most recently contracted. I don’t have a measured percentage that I was going to -- would announce on this call on to how much would be full before we announced it. In the past, we’ve announced projects after we had some commitments and then they quickly filled up. 
Joe Perkins: You’re breaking up just a little bit, Mike, or it’s my hearing and probably a combination of both. Please repeat the question. 
Joe Perkins: We announced in May 3 acquisitions. We are improving them commercially as well as adding physical capability at all 3. And we’re continuing to pursue additional acquisition or development opportunities. 
Joe Perkins: This is my time. Basically, we’ve got capital programs going on at all 3 terminals. We, out in Tacoma, we are in the process of building a connection to the Olympic pipeline. We are also working on unit train capability out there. We’ve got ongoing discussions with producers that have bottled up condensate and oil that can be moved by rail to the West Coast. We’re also doing the exact same thing in Baltimore. The primary thing that we’re doing in Channelview is we’re adding new storage tanks, we’ve leased acreage next door to us on a long-term contract. We’re going to add a substantial amount of storage there and we’re working on the connection to the deepwater port so that we can both import and export both crude oil and fuel oil. 
Joe Perkins: Recent indications are that permitting activity actually made the exceeding what were previous normals or averages, probably a function of bottled up demand for that. So permitting the activity is the leading indicator as above average and technology in the place that they’re working on would say that production time to shore will be shorter than it had been in the past much shorter in some cases and we’ll just have to wait and see. 
Joe Perkins: Opportunity backlog on the propane facility, we’ve got very high demand for that facility well ahead of it being completed if that’s what you mean to the point that I think the term I used was a substantial portion of its already contracted. 
Joe Perkins: Yes, in other words increasing the capabilities that we previously announced, we are looking at that. 
Joe Perkins: We’ve looked at dividend or distribution a bit in the past participation is generally pretty low for those programs, but it’s something we’ll continue to evaluate over time and if we think it make sense we’ll consider it. 
Joe Perkins: I almost put in a bullet point, because we always get this question and I guess that I can replay on the same answer. We’re always looking -- we’ve got appetite. We probably participated in as many in the first part of this year as we did the first part of last year and when we have one to announce, we’ll let you know about it, but we so far don’t have any acquisitions to announce. 
Joe Perkins: Thanks, operator. If you have any other follow-up questions and feel free to contact Matt or any of us. And we thank you again for your time and interest. 
Matt Meloy: Sure. We estimated earlier or actually late last year about a 20% effective tax rate on pre-tax distributable cash flow at TRC and we haven’t updated that range. So 20% of the pre-tax DCF is our estimate for cash tax list for 2012. 
Matt Meloy: No. I don’t think there was anything structurally with our contracts that changed as a weaker NGL price environment but similar average contract terms from Q4 to Q1. 
Matt Meloy: And as we said in the past particularly in this area that was capital projects were preceded by commercial agreements. 
Matt Meloy: No, we haven’t broken out our projects within our CapEx program on an EBITDA by project basis in the past. 
Matt Meloy: Let me say one thing about that. We -- the way we announced the project, the way we went into construction was to get it going not because it’s going to be our ultimate result and we are looking at expansion of that project right now. 
Matt Meloy: And I think there also will be opportunities for supplying propane for proposed propane dehydrogenation units on the Gulf Coast. So, we I think there is a high probability we’ll be expanding Belvieu and Galena Park facilities for both activities. 
