Joe Perkins: Thanks, Sanjay. Good morning. And thank you to everyone for joining the first quarter 2019 call. Before we get into our prepared remarks this morning, I would like to acknowledge the recent retirement of our friend, Mike Heim, effective April 30, consistent with the long-term succession planning the management team and our board of directors. As Targa's founding Chief Operating Officer, Mike had been involved in almost every major acquisition or major project and helped create and develop our operations engineering, S&H and commercial functions. Mike's impact on Targa has been enormous and will endure as we continue to build on our position as a leading mid-stream company. Most recently Mike served on the executive team as Vice Chairman of our Board of Directors and continued to provide oversight wisdom, advice and counsel. On behalf of the Targa team, we thank Mike for his role in founding this company and developing it into what it is today. It has been privilege to work alongside Mike throughout Targa's 15-year history. We will miss him, but he will always be part of the Targa's family legacy. So for this year, we have continued to execute on our strategic priorities including closing on the sale of the 45% interest in our Badlands business, commencing operations on our Hopson plant in the Permian Midland and Train 6 fractionators in Mont Belvieu and completing a new 20-inch pipeline for Mount Belvieu, our LPG export facility in Galena Park. Mount Belvieu 2, our LPG export facility in Galena Park, excuse me. We also have several other projects coming online this year including a Grand Prix NGL pipeline, 200 million cubic feet per day of incremental processing capacity in the Badlands, and 500 million cubic feet per day of incremental processing capacity in the Permian. In total, this means that about $3 billion of projects under way expected to come online this year, which will significantly strengthen our financial metrics over time as Targa moves to a self-lending model with increasing free cash flow. The natural trajectory of our capital spending relative to our cash flow is very positive and we have continued to increase scrutiny with heightened discipline and prioritization on all future new capital projects, so that we can continue to right size our capital spend versus cash flow going forward. We will continue to pursue opportunity to align officiated capital spend with the activity levels of our customers in a rigorously prioritizing our CapEx backlog with a heightened focus around our core integrated strategy. This enhances rigor around capital spending and strong expected cash flow growth positions Targa very well for the next several years. With that, I now turn the call over to Jen to discuss Targa's result for the first quarter.
Joe Perkins: Thanks Michael, and I know that some listeners went straight from their call to our call. We obviously haven't been able to go through their call-in detail. But our answer is like the answers in previous quarters, is that Pioneer is a great partner and an important customer. The WestTX System is+ on top of some very attractive Permian Basin acreage and it's integrated with our other Permian operations. For Targa, as you mentioned in our scripted comment and remarks, we are very focused internally on project execution and increased scrutiny of new organic growth opportunities, not speaking specifically to this M&A transaction possibility, but across all of them, stepping into any M&A process right now is a much higher bar than it's ever been for Targa. The Permian Basin opportunities have been shown for us - to us for many years and we haven't done one since Outrigger acquisition. You would have to say a higher bar and a much lower probability of us doing any M&A transactions right now. If that didn't come across in the prepared remarks it should have.
Joe Perkins: I'd start with. We have good relationships with all the parties involved in that process. So we don't really want to get into what the potential outcome could be there. We have a really good position out in the Permian with our existing customers, have good relationships with them. And we see a lot of growth on the target system really regardless of how that plays out.
Joe Perkins: Appreciate the question with or without an M&A transaction unlikely, we would talk about any negotiations that were going on. And Pioneer is free to have those same sort of discussions and we're in constant contact with them. Very good partner, terrific producer customer and it's not appropriate for us to talk about commercial contracts and terms are definitely not potential renegotiations of commercial contracts or terms.
Jennifer Kneale: Thanks, Joe Bob. Good morning, everyone. Targa's reported quarterly adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $314 million which was $62 million lower than the fourth quarter of 2018, largely as a result of the $43 million payment recognition in the fourth quarter for the crude and condensates splitter. In the GMP segment, net of hedge gains, first quarter gross margin was $4 million lower from weaker commodity prices. First quarter NGL and Waha Natural gas prices were the weakest average realized prices we have experienced since the first quarter of 2016. Operating expenses were $13 million higher from increased field labor in the GMP segment, primarily in the Permian where labor costs have been increasing. We have reduced operational risks by hiring in advance of our facilities coming online which means that we have higher operating expenses per unit until our new facilities start up in utilization increases. Over time, we expect our operating expenses per unit to decline. On the positive side, sequential volumes were higher in the Permian, Badlands, and SouthOK, coastal and downstream in our frac business. Year-over-year, while volumes were significantly higher in our GMP and downstream businesses, positive business fundamentals were offset by lower commodity prices and higher operating and G&A expenses as headcount has increased significantly appropriately staff our increased scale. From January 1st, 2018 through the end of March, we have added about 400 employees, representing a 20% increase in headcount, which is evidenced by higher operating expenses in the G&A. But we expect our per unit OpEx and G&A metrics to improve over time, as volumes continue to ramp. Turning to other finance related matters. The final calculation of the earn out payment for our Permian acquisition is $318 million, which will be paid this month. With respect to hedging, our percent of proceeds equity commodity positions are well hedged and our updated hedged disclosures can be found in our investor presentation. On a debt compliance basis, pro forma for the $1.6 billion received in early April from the Badlands transaction, TRP's leverage ratio at the end of the first quarter was approximately 3.9x versus a compliance covenant of 5.5x. Our pro forma consolidated reported debt-to-EBITDA ratio was approximately 4.9x. As initially described on our call in February, our leverage metrics are expected to peak in the third quarter of 2019, and then will begin to decline as the EBITDA contribution increases from projects placed in service throughout the year. Our 2019 net growth CapEx estimate for announced projects remains at approximately $2.3 billion with about $780 millions spent through the first quarter. Full-year 2019 maintenance CapEx is still forecasted to be approximately $130 million. As previously announced, we closed on the sale of a 45% interest in our Badlands business, and received $1.6 billion of cash proceeds in early April. Pro forma consolidated liquidity at the end of the first quarter was approximately $3.4 billion. The partial Badland land sales substantially satisfies our estimated equity needs for 2019, providing us with flexibility, as we finish construction on the numerous key growth projects underway. Looking forward to the balance of the year, we affirm our previously provided financial and operational outlook for 2019, which assumes NGL composite barrel prices average $0.60 per gallon, crude oil prices averaged $54 per barrel, and Henry Hub natural gas prices average $3 per MMbtu for the year. We also affirm our expectation that second quarter adjusted EBITDA will be the lowest quarter of 2019, predominantly attributable to the Badlands sale and the associated minimum quarterly distribution payable to our partner. Additionally, we anticipate EBITDA to meaningfully increase through the second half of the year with Targa exiting 2019 with visibility to increasing dividend coverage and improving leverage metrics. With that, I will now turn the call over to Matt.
Jennifer Kneale: Jeremy, this is Jen. I think that G&A is actually going to trend lower. When we think about the rest of this year at least based on our current forecast. It's some re classes in the third and fourth quarter that ticked G&A a little bit higher and it makes it a little bit difficult to compare apples to oranges. I said on our fourth quarter earnings call that the fourth quarter was a fine run rate. We're not that far from that number here in the first quarter, but we do expect G&A maybe a little bit lower as we move through the balance of the year. But we are certainly a much larger organization and we are placing a lot of assets in service.
Jennifer Kneale: Sure. This is Jen. I think that if you look at the recent projects that we've announced as we move through time. I think they highlight that we have had increased scrutiny across our organization where we're looking for opportunities that really meet sort of the core strengths of our organization. The large investment grade energy company deals in the Delaware as an example. The Williams deal is also an example for both transportation and fractionation and having those volumes available for export. So I think that we continue to scrutinize our project was and the bar for getting new projects approved continues to get higher. They have to compete for capital internally. And if there is a project that only touches one part of our value chain versus those that touch multiple parts then typically it's the deals that touch multiple parts that were more interested in at this point in time for us. So I think we've got a lot of visibility to strengthening metrics, increasing coverage, reducing leverage, improved leverage metrics when we get into the back half of this year and then into 2020 and beyond. And so we really think about it as rightsizing our capital. So relative to that increasing EBITDA, we want to be self-funding and we want to have positive free cash flow over a sustained period of time, but we're not comfortable at this point putting another line in the sand that says this is what CapEx will be and we're not going to go above it, particularly as we're in April of 2, or we are May now 2019 and forecasting capital out beyond 2020 or 2021 is difficult to do.
Jennifer Kneale: Spiro, this is Jen. I think the first quarter performance was consistent with what our expectations were. As you rightly point out with some pluses and minuses, minuses would be NGL prices while high natural gas prices as we said in our scripted marks. Those were the lowest realized prices that we've had for a quarter since the first quarter of 2016. But I think that the year is shaping up consistent with our expectations and that's why we have affirmed our guidance. And so we'll get through this second quarter where EBITDA will be the lowest for the year as a result of the Badlands transaction and the MQD payable to GSO Blackstone. And then we'll move into the third quarter and the fourth quarter when some very important projects will come online for us, and we'll be contributing to rapidly increasing EBITDA which will help with coverage and leverage. So I think there are always pluses and minuses and that's why it's always difficult putting out any sort of forecast, but the year is shaping up relatively consistent with what our expectations have been.
Jennifer Kneale: I think the additional Permian plants are an example of where we're taking a really hard look at timing to make sure that we're spending our capital prudently. And to make sure that those facilities will come online to meet the needs of our producers. So I won't speak to whether they moved into or out of that forecast. I'll just speak to that; it's largely going to be dependent on producer activity levels not only through this year, but into next year. And that's really what will ultimately guide the decision and timing around when those plants need to be online and when we'll need to break out ground on them.
Jennifer Kneale: I think we're going to let our affirmation of guidance remain as sort of the standalone guidance point out there, Danilo. So, if you look at where we are in terms of operational metrics related to that guidance. We're on track and so it feels a little early, a little premature to say where we think we're going to shake out. As we said a little bit on the call earlier, there have been some pluses and minuses already through the first four months of the year. Expect it to continue to be as we move forward and ultimately we do have some exposure to commodity prices looking forward to having Grand Prix additional fracs online without commodity price exposure decreases as we move past 2019 and through time. But that is material to our guidance and our outlook for this year. And so ultimately we'll have to see where everything shakes out.
Jennifer Kneale: Dennis, this is Jen. Firstly, I wouldn't say that it's a new process. I think that we spend a lot of time scrutinizing our capital projects. We just haven't spent as much time talking about it with our investors and potential investors as we would have liked earlier. And so that's what we're trying to do is really provide you with a lot more clarity on how we are seeing the world and thinking about the world relative to growth capital spending as we move through time. We have been successful with some asset sales. We're constantly looking across the portfolio to see if it makes sense to sell any assets and/or if it makes sense to enter into additional joint ventures. And so that hasn't changed, but we don't have any active processes underway right now like we did when we disclosed the Badlands process for example or prior to that the petroleum logistics sale. So we have nothing sort of actively underway at this time.
Jennifer Kneale: And directionally that's right, Denis, without giving you sort of an exact dollar amount for expectations for the second quarter. We've got both our quarterly CapEx plus the Outrigger payment this quarter. And then absolutely, we'd expect that to trend down as we move through time beyond this quarter.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. Michael, this is Matt. I'll take that in and Scott, kick it over you if you want to fill in. So we have really been running over our capacity. We've been receiving NGL kind of over our frac capacity. So we have built some inventory, so in train six comes up we will be first off, we'll be working off our inventory. But once we work that off, we see kind of getting back to being fully utilized very quickly after we've worked off that inventory because we're already receiving y grade in excess of what we can handle in Bellevue right now. So the outlook for Train 6 is very good which is why we're eager to get Train 7 on in the first part of 2020.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. Hey, Jeremy. This is Matt. Yes. We previously gave guidance for 250,000 barrels at some point in 2020. We feel very good about that volume number. Right now, we are moving a significant amount of barrels on Grand Prix and we talked about yes providing that number. But I think the first number you'll see is when we actually just report Grand Prix in the third quarter for what volumes we're receiving into Belvieu, because what we're moving right now is really only a fraction of what will have the ability to move once we're connected all the way to Belvieu. Right now, we're complete from really on the furthest west piece of Grand Prix all the way into North Texas and we've got most of the line or a lot of the line complete up into Oklahoma and the Oklahoma extension. So we're still working on that piece that'll be done here shortly. And then it's the Belvieu piece from North Texas into Mont Belvieu which we expect to be completed in the third quarter.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. This is Matt here. I would say on the margin on the margin, yes, when you saw the Badlands, a little Missouri that was weather related. You saw Pembroke slip a little bit that was more just getting that project done. Hopson so highly utilized. Believe me, we want Pembroke on kind of as fast as we can but that's slipped a little bit. It's just a tight labor market out there and there are challenges and kind of the hot Permian. But for Train 8, as we looked, the construction schedule we said, yes, look we could move this from the end of Q2 to put it into Q3, save a little bit on over time and still be okay from an NGL receipt and inventory build situation. So we looked at our forecast and said, yes, we think we can move it a little bit and have some modest cost savings. It's not a lot of cost savings but it slowed down the capital spend a little bit to get some time value of money and then you get a little bit of savings from saving on over time in the line.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. When you look at the remaining projects that we have, we're going to need the Falcon and Paragon plants to come online very quickly. And then a lot of our other projects will already-- really already be online right. The Hopson, Pembroke, Grand Prix. We need all those that come online as soon as possible. So when you look at our - that's a pretty long way through our project backlog. So there's not nearly as much as going forward in 2020 and beyond as there is on it right now.
Matthew Meloy: Sure. This is Matt here. I'll start and then kick it over to Scott, if he wants to it wants to fill in some more. For this year, we are highly contracted for this year and with restrictions and delays on the Houston ship channel, we are trying to catch up on our contracted customers' needs. Right now and I think we'll be doing that through the second quarter. So could there be some opportunities for us to do that potentially, but we're really trying to catch up on customers volumes right now. Scott anything you want to -
Matthew Meloy: Sure. I'll start and against Scott you can fill in. Yes, we have had some constraints. At first, it was the termination of the Vitol contract where we moving their product out of our tanks and really beginning to commercialize that asset for ourselves as moving our product in and getting that facility up and running. As soon as we're getting that up and running, then we had the Houston Ship Channel where containers Bayou were shut down. We're unable to move the product out via barge. So we had limited ability to run that facility. So now with all those constraints behind us, we are getting that facility up and running, working on purchasing the supply aggregating it into the tanks, and making products, tweaking the facility to try and get the products as high a value as we can and move those out. So we're still working through that process. We're still learning as we go on this. And I think we're going to continue to do so on that facility.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. Sure, this is Matt. There were a couple of issues; Sand Hills was taken down for maintenance for part of March which impacted the volumes. Our Sand Hills volumes are getting aggregated in the Permian Delaware. So that was down in March and then we've also been experiencing higher H2S volumes on some of from - from some of our customers out there. And so as we're treading out on the field and hitting some limits on permitting and other things, it's kind of reduced the growth and I guess I really just kind of reduced the growth out there because of the H2S .
Matthew Meloy: We haven't quantified that. Yes, we have a 25% equity interest in the pie. We do have a significant NBC and ability to move volumes out down into the, I would say into the Gulf Coast market but we haven't given specifics on that but I would say it's a substantial piece of our total gas both Targa gas and our producers gas that we'll have access to the Gulf Coast markets.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. I'd say it's our expectation that it is going to remain pretty tight out there in the Permian. Even with maybe some moderation of growth expectations on the producer side, they're still going to be incremental processing plants, incremental facilities, incremental pipelines going in. So I think it's our expectation that does remain tight, maybe not as tight as we would have forecasted 12-months ago, but it's still going to be pretty tight. I think you'll start to see the unit margins improve as we really move through this year. The large investment grade company that we've talked about is kind of starting to ramp, and it's going to increase as we move through the year. There's going to be large volume expectations out on the Delaware largely because of that contract, but also other producer contracts as well. So we have Falcon coming on. We have Peregrine coming on. So I think as volumes ramped, you'll really start to see those unit margins come down some over time. And is really even beyond 2020 right. So then 2020 and 2021 and thereafter. And also the AGI well that Joe Bob mentioned earlier, that's coming on here over the summer. There are - there's relatively high OpEx for field treating on some of the H2S. When that gets in this summer, we should see that improve our OpEx over time as well.
Matthew Meloy: Sure. I'd say our near-term expectations have been reduced. When we look at our internal forecast and our volumes for South Texas, I think you've seen volumes come down and our expectations are lower than they were a year ago or so. I think over time, there's a good rock, there's an opportunity for growth in and around that asset at some point, but in the near term there's going to be some pressure on those volumes.
Matthew Meloy: We know that those parties are working on that process to commercialize it. As we said before, we --that project has strategic value for us. We want more residues to get built from the Permian in the Gulf Coast market. So we are lending our support for that project, and we'll wait for those parties that are going to have an equity interest to kind of give an update on project status there.
Scott Pryor: This is Scott and I would just add that as we said in our remarks, Train 6 will be operational in May this month. And we would continue to see tightness throughout the balance of 2019. As we stated first quarter of 2020, Train 7 will come on line. We expect that one also to be highly utilized as we continue to see a ramp up in growth not only from our target plants and facilities but as well as third party activity with the contracts that we've already initiated or executed on.
Scott Pryor: I'd just say that's absolutely correct. Certainly the challenges that we've seen along the Houston ship channel was the unexpected closure as a result of the fire and the subsequent contamination within the channel caused some challenges for us. So we're very much focused on our term contracts. I would also add that we're very focused on renewing our contracts with existing customers, as well as adding long-term contracts that fill in relative to the expansions that we've announced. As we've said, we've got a new pipeline that's operational now from Mont Belvieu all the way to Galena Park. And in addition of [Technical Difficulty] of Dock 2 that comes online in the third quarter, all provide incremental upside for us as those projects come on line. And then additionally, as we've said before the last earnings call on this one just reiterating that the additive of refrigeration units that will come online during next year, during the middle part the third quarter of next year also provides us incremental capacity. So our focus is on long-term contracts. Our focus is on being very competitive with our fee structure to ensure that we've got growth across those expanded projects.
Scott Pryor: The environment is improving and we feel very confident about the projects that we're bringing online. And given the fact that we're going to see continued growth from our gas processing and into our assets to include Grand Prix pipeline, our expanding fractionation we know that those will be steered toward our Galena Park facility for export purposes.
Scott Pryor: We have an acid gas facility that will be completed later in this year that will solve some of them. So we're adding an API well at [indiscernible].
Scott Pryor: Yes. Timm, this is Scott. I would say that we expect our second quarter to be a good quarter as well with the volumes that are moving across the dock. When you think about the slippage most of that was term contracts that we had. And as Matt indicated, we'll be playing catch up for some period of the second quarter. So but we expect the volumes to be good during the second quarter as well. And if you look at the runway that we've had across several quarters, quarter in, quarter out, we've had a good high utilization of the facility which is indicative of the fact that we're predominantly contracted at the at the Dock today. And when you think about the challenges that we've had with the outages on the channel where we're recovering from that. I will say and I want people to hear this. We work very closely with the Coast Guard. We worked very closely with the EPA as they were going there through the recovery process on the channel. And I think it's also a very strong indicator of just how nimble and flexible the channel it can be, and how quickly it can recover from situations like we saw during that fire and the subsequent contamination. So we worked very well with the local authorities. And it's a testament to just really how flexible the Houston ship channel can be in times like that.
Scott Pryor: This is Scott again. We did have some challenges with a loading arm and but we are recovering from that as well. Recognize that we've got multiple docks. We've got multiple pipes and facilities out to our docks. So even though there may be times of challenges, if we've got a loading arm situation, we can recover from that very quickly as well.
Scott Pryor: I would just say that, again, when you look at the production of coming from upstream as an industry, these barrels are going to be pointed toward export docks, existing docks today. I think the markets going to be very competitive for that. With the existing players out there, I think that when you look at potential expansions, it's going to mostly come from the existing players that are leveraging their integrated platform that they have today. And basically that's part of the reason why you see very strategic projects on our part. An additive of a new pipeline, refurbishment of our dock added refrigeration. It's a lot easier for us to add incremental capacity with an existing facility. So it's going to be very competitive and we will play what role we need to play to ensure that we've got good continuity to our docks and flow well assurance.
