Joe Bob Perkins: This is Joe Bob. And I appreciate the high level nature of the question and I think we'll try to add some color to that. Talking about customers, plural, and not any specific customer.
Joe Bob Perkins: Happy to give you color. I'm not going to be the source of information that's not public from Pioneer but the public information for Pioneer is of course consistent with what they share with us. They are a very good partner. And I want to continue to have great relationship with them. When you look at the results of their longer laterals, higher IP's, higher EURs, this is presented publicly, consistent with what we've seen privately, that's really good news for Targa. And relative to Pioneer, I love their performance, but they're not the only ones doing that. There are some Pioneer look-alikes in the same basin doing the same thing. Higher IP's - longer laterals, higher IP's, higher EUR, and that works very, very well for us. We have interconnected systems there to provide some capacity backup. We have a small plant, as you know, that is sort of on standby, though we'd have to spend some money on it. And not very long in the distant future we would need to build another one. I'm not predicting when the time is. We put in a plant when we were overcapacity and just about to bust and we're just running hard to keep up on compression, to keep pressures down, so that we get maximum volume from Pioneer and other producers. It's a growing environment and I'm very happy about that. Yes, there will be a new plant at some point required. And we've got backup plant interconnects and one spare, small mothballed plant that might happen before that. Planning that out carefully with our partner and working hard to meet the needs of multiple producers in the area.
Joe Bob Perkins: No. And I don't mean to be rude about it. I had to work hard just to say that much. And Scott Pryor is giving me the devilish grin right now. It's a nice deal. We'll talk about it the next earnings call when it's completely signed up. But, for competitive reasons, customer relationship, respect reasons, that's all I'm going to say right now.
Joe Bob Perkins: $1 billion referred was a critical move for us that got us in that comfort zone. It really did. It got us in the comfort zone. Look at the metrics right after that was announced.
Joe Bob Perkins: And raising $250 million of equity, you can think of that as pre-funding some of our CapEx because as we are going to as we deploy profitable, attractive return CapEx, that's going to be handled with some mix of debt and equity. Once again, we're not trying to drive to a formula. And we're going to take care of our balance sheet and we're going to raise equity as we spend capital.
Joe Bob Perkins: Our debt is trading at a reasonable cost of capital. We certainly had the appetite in the bank markets. It's a combination.
Joe Bob Perkins: We figured we had it. It wasn't that hard for some people to back into it. We might as well get the math right.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, I - we had a little bit of lull. We built some facilities. We've got some available capacity in that area. I like the prospects of future glide path without - it's up into the right without telling you exactly how fast it'll occur because that will be price-dependent. But what we've seen is producers position themselves and we positioned ourselves for a nice little run there. And if it's on the upside of the range of those runs, we'll figure out ways to add capacity. If it's slow and steady, we got capacity for a bit and we just have to add a little pipe and add a little compression. Either way, it's an attractive return for us and we'll try to meet those producer needs.
Joe Bob Perkins: What I find interesting in all basins, and it's true in West Texas, too, is that as you're talking to customers, you may have two customers with a similar position on docks, in a similar area, and they may be making different decisions. That's a function of different outlooks, different hedges, whether they've got rigs contracted. Potentially, even where they are with their boards, and I think that's kind of understandable in this still kind of choppy environment. So we just try to meet each individual producer's needs, keep our thumb on the pulse of what they're getting ready to do. Some of our producers are more open with us than others. And we're - that's our job. It's not as easy as it has been in the past sometimes because they change their programs and change their budgets. But the rigs that are running in the middle of July are running in the middle of July and those benefit assets that are available for Targa. Longer term, I think that those trends continue with just a little bit of wind in the sails of increased commodity prices.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. Thus far in the third quarter. As we've commented in the past, processers in general, and whoever's making the election, ethane recovery rejection decisions occur all the time. You should assume that they're driven by economics. And some of those economics for our customers and other processors or for Targa are driven by what are contractual obligations and what are the time periods for those contractual obligations relative to cost calculations. Yes, you can watch the spot prices move or even estimate the locational spot prices, and that'll give you an indication of what's supposed to be happening. Contractual obligations change some of that. We haven't said, and I don't think you can extract from our numbers, how much of that report-to-report benefit was from increased inlet volumes and how much was from ethane. Obviously, we have a little bit more information. We're describing it as sum of each and it's not immaterial on either side of that. And then the kind of the last part of your question was, looking forward, directionally, not for the first partial month of the quarter, but for over the next year or so or two, we expect more ethane rejection. That's - sorry, I said it wrong, more ethane extraction. That is supposed to happen to keep up with the increased demand caused by the pet chems coming up and caused by ethane exports, but any particular month can swing around.
Joe Bob Perkins: The project is beginning. It won't take long. And it will be done before the freeze. But beyond that, I don't think - frankly, I don't have Danny here at the table or I'd be able to tell you the month. But it's pretty soon.
Joe Bob Perkins: There's parts of the SCOOP and the STACK that are still pretty active. You can see that from the maps we put in our investor presentation. And that's encouraging. Our assets better serve the SCOOP right now. We've got one large customer who gets their process through bankruptcy. They're likely to be more active, but we're not counting on that until they do and I wish them luck. Our assets can get to the STACK and we are in discussions with folks nearby in the STACK. Pat McDonie is on the line. He's not in the same office due to a conflict. Pat, do you have anything you want to add to that.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks, Pat. I didn't give you proper introduction. That's Pat McDonie, Executive Vice President of our Southern Field Gathering and Processing. That's everything other than the Bakken.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, absolutely. There's not a whole lot of people shipping stuff into Latin America and then shipping it to Asia.
Joe Bob Perkins: I also think that in your question, you correctly reflect it that it's a very short-term focus. That's a short-term balancing mechanism, as Scott described, on the margin. Longer term, and I know it's very, very difficult to talk beyond the next quarter or the next portion of a quarter, but longer term, the dynamics are positive for Targa and for our continued export business that's necessary to balance supply and demand.
Joe Bob Perkins: As an example, we talked about the pipeline to get 13,000 barrels instantaneously and for a long time. You all could run that the economics on that look pretty good.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, our guys, our teams, our people have been working on cost reduction for multiple years now, okay, and are figuring out ways to do things smarter and cheaper without ever, okay, without ever compromising preventative maintenance or safety. They continue to make progress on those things and I'm very proud of that. Now at the same time, people who have followed us for a long time would say that we usually put in preventative maintenance with a - I'm sorry, we usually put in maintenance CapEx with a bit of conservatism. And it's a pretty good bet to say that you would take the under on the maintenance CapEx numbers we put out there. We do spend more in the fourth quarter than we do the rest of the year, but you heard Matt's soft comment, $90 million or perhaps less. I would take the under on $90 million, and our history would say to take the under on $90 million. Now how do we keep taking care of cost reductions like that? In the maintenance capital category, I'm giving you one example. Throughout Targa's history, we have expanded our ability to do our own compressor reworks in our own shops instead of with third parties. It improves quality dramatically and it reduces costs. We recently purchased another facility, okay, with the same supervision that's been leading this effort over the long term, but in Midland, where we can attract the people we need easier than where they were having to drive before. That reduces cost. They drive it into their plans and forecast, they drive it into the systems that take care of it and that's just one of the ways. Lower cost, higher quality, better service, greater timeliness, a really good thing. And I'm just happy I got to talk about that.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. The cost savings programs that these guys are doing are going down to root cause analysis, the maintenance facility, sustainability, and bravo for those teams.
Joe Bob Perkins: Thank you, operator and thanks to everyone for patience on the call. I look at the time. I was kind of surprised. So I guess, we were at least having a good conversation. If you have any further conversation - I mean, conversation - any further questions, if you start thinking about the conversation we just had and want to clarify anything, Jen, Matt, myself, any of us, are available if you'd like to give us a call. Thanks a lot, and have a good day.
Scott Pryor: Well, I think, some of the first things I would add is - I think it's important to note, especially with some of the things that you read in the marketplace today, we have first and foremost a number of customers that are performing on their contracts. We're in a variety of discussions with all of our contract portfolio to renegotiate extensions as well as new customers. It's a tough market out there in the environment we're in today, and we recognize that. You've heard from other earnings calls that there are challenges. But, today, it's our belief that the pricing environment today is not really reflective of what the true supply-demand is, especially when you look at production east of the Suez and what demand looks like both today and going forward in the Asian marketplace. So, what I would tell you is that a number of our liftings, as we've indicated in our reports today, in the Americas, most of our production, 75% or more is going to the Americas, and that demand is not wavering. And we believe that it is actually continuing to grow. So that will be a focal point. And that will be something that we will provide nearby - supply to those nearby locations and points of destinations.
Scott Pryor: I'd like to add something to that, though, if I could. As you guys know in the past, when we have had oversupply for Y-grade in Belvieu prior to our Train 5 coming online, we have used Lake Charles as an overflow point to fractionate those excess volumes. Obviously, we're not in that environment today. So the opportunities around looking for, if you will, enhanced EBITDA around some things that we can do at Lake Charles does not take away from our ability to continue to flow barrels over to Lake Charles when we do get back to an excess point here in Belvieu and we believe that, at some point, that will come again.
Scott Pryor: Well, first off, I would tell you that I agree with a lot of your intro there relative to what the market is looking like long term in terms of demand, in terms of supply coming from the U.S. Certainly, pricing is going to have to have an impact, whether pricing comes up internationally or prices in the U.S. are lower to stimulate and encourage exports out of the U.S. because it will happen. There is no doubt - I'm going to try to - I'll cover it from a couple of different perspectives. First off, the short-term environment we're in today is a challenge, as I said earlier. And when you look at that, it is having an influence over how people view the long-term prognosis of adding contracts on the water. But I do believe that eventually pricing will reflect what a true supply-demand forecast looks like and that is, it's growing in the Americas. It's growing globally in Asia. And as a result of that, and with lower shipping fees today, when you look at the Baltic rates, are the lowest I've seen probably ever in my current position, that is all going to help encourage marketers on the water, consumers at the destination points to take a position on shipping. Today, they're a little reluctant because they don't know where the bottom is, but I think we're kind of seeing where the bottom is. And as a result of that, that will stimulate opportunities to have long-term discussions on contracts that will put us out to long-dated positions. Again, I think, for us, our focal point is going to continue to be what we're doing in the Americas, and we've got a nice position there. Our flexibility has been proven. I think if you pulled all of our customers, they are very appreciative of how we have worked with the challenges in the marketplace. And I don't think we'll have any issues extending contracts for the long term.
Scott Pryor: Well, first off, when you talked about bottoming out, what I referred to was the shipping market because we're seeing shipping rates today at some of the lowest levels that I've ever seen.
Scott Pryor: Yes, we are continuing to add some contracts. We are - I would say, the spot market price that you hear anecdotally in the marketplace seems - is obviously down. And that's what I would refer to as the resell market where folks are taking their stems and they're evaluating what they're lifting price would be versus a cancellation price versus what they might be able to get on an open spot market, albeit a very thinly-traded market. Again, I think it's important to note that most customers, the large, vast majority of our customers are lifting. And they are not having issues in the marketplace. But there are a number of folks, there are some that are spot selling, if you will, they're lifting at numbers to try to manage their economic impact relative to the cancellation fee that they'd have to pay to us or others.
Scott Pryor: In terms of ethylene or ethane, I think we've described in the past that we have a project that is engineered and designed for ethane exports. In today's current environment, I think it would be very difficult to get long-term contracts to support ethane exports with the current projects that are coming online today. With that said, if the market does materialize over a long term, pricing is supportive, both U.S. prices for ethane to be exported, we can certainly look at that. In terms of ethylene, as you guys know, currently today, in North America, we have the one facility that can export ethylene from our dock. It is supported by a long-term relationship that we have with a petrochemical customer of ours. And that is long-standing and continuing. And they are exporting today ethylene, as you guys are aware of. Abilities to enhance that with that relationship, those are constant and ongoing discussions because if the market over time is going to develop and ethylene is going to be exported, you have to evaluate that versus the derivatives market that could be exported. So when you look at those in combination, we'll be in that discussion and we'll be in the possibilities of looking at things that can enhance our facilities to accommodate any potential growing demand.
Scott Pryor: It depends upon the size. It's all relevant to what sort of volumes you're going to be looking at. So wouldn't be in a position to describe those today, but just know that we'll be looking at opportunities like that. But you are right. It is a capital-intensive project when you look at a sizable ethane export facility versus an already established facility today that can export ethylene and how you can increase the capacity of that and enhance that is likely a much, much smaller capital investment.
Matthew Meloy: Yeah. I think where we find ourselves, we're kind of mid-3s at the TRP level and 4.4 on a consolidated level, raising the preferred equity we did earlier in the year. We find ourselves really not in an environment where we need to raise additional equity capital. So we like to be in that environment. So then we can just be opportunistic and if we think it makes sense to raise some more to keep the balance sheet on the strong side that'll be a subsequent decision. So, I think that's why you've seen us be proactive, whether it's doing the preferred offering in the first part of the year and continuing with the ATM and so that we're operating, so we can continue to fund the growth CapEx, the growth projects that we want to fund and keep our leverage ratios kind of in line with where we want them to be, but not being in a place where we have to do something.
Matthew Meloy: I'd say it really just - it depends on the environment that we're in. It depends on what our growth prospects look like. It depends on the - what our EBITDA for the current quarter, next quarter, next 12 months looks like. So we try and look at multiple - as we said before, whether we're talking about outlooks for guidance and other things, we look at multiple environments, multiple scenarios and say where do we feel comfortable and then we'll make that decision. So it's not as formulaic [indiscernible] we think we don't or we think we do need to. We'll see how the rest of the year plays out with EBITDA, crude oil prices, where TRGP is trading and the like and just make that decision.
Matthew Meloy: We're taking a look at that. I think, in the presentation, we're putting in the updated sensitivity tables, so you'll see that in our presentation.
Matthew Meloy: As pretty good. We've said for our projects, five to seven times EBITDA is a reasonable multiple to assume. And then usually for the items not listed on that page in our presentation, the smaller project is usually at the low end, if not better than the five times.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. Right now, I think we see a lot of opportunity in and around our assets, where maybe some of the other, whether it's the E&P companies or other midstream companies, aren't spending the capital that we're spending to serve our producers and customers' needs. So I think we see a lot of good investment opportunities in and around our assets. So that's really where we're going to be focusing on acquisitions. I think if you see acquisitions from us, it's likely going to smaller bolt-on in and around areas where we are. We're not necessarily looking to get into new geographic areas and expand our footprint. We're in a lot of the attractive basins, and we like that - we like the basins we're in.
