Jennifer Kneale: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. Targa's reported quarterly adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $941 million, increasing 12% sequentially as we benefited from increased optimization opportunities in our marketing and LPG export businesses, contribution from our recent acquisition of the remaining 25% interest in our Grand Prix NGL pipeline earlier this year and higher overall system volumes despite lower commodity prices. As we think about the shape of quarterly adjusted EBITDA across 2023, given the benefits of optimization opportunities in Q1 and seasonality in some of our businesses, we currently expect second quarter adjusted EBITDA to be the lowest of the year, ramping from there as our system volumes continue to grow. As Matt mentioned, for the first quarter, we declared a cash dividend of $0.50 per common share or $2 per share on an annualized basis, representing a 43% increase over the first quarter of 2022. Consistent with previous messaging, we expect to maintain the same quarterly dividend for the remainder of the year. We also repurchased $52 million of common shares in the first quarter at a weighted average price of $71.82. As of quarter end, we had approximately $92 million remaining under our $500 million program and now also have a new $1 billion share repurchase program authorized and in place. Our full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA estimate continues to be between $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion, and we expect year-end leverage around the midpoint of our long-term target leverage ratio range of three to 4x. At the end of the first quarter, our pro forma leverage ratio was approximately 3.5x. We are well hedged across all commodities for the balance of 2023 and continue to add hedges for 2024 and beyond. Coupled with our fee floor contracts, we have significantly de-risked our earnings and cash flow outlook while preserving the upside when commodity prices increase. With our plans to move forward with the construction of frac Train 10 in Mont Belvieu, and acquiring long lead items for our next Permian gas plant, we now estimate 2023 growth capital spending between $2 billion and $2.2 billion. There is no change to our current year estimate for net maintenance capital spending of $175 million. At quarter end, we had about $2.6 billion of available liquidity, which provides us with a lot of flexibility looking forward. Maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet across cycles continues to be a priority at Targa. We believe that a strong balance sheet and continued investment in high-return projects positions us to continue to prudently return an increasing amount of capital to our shareholders across cycles. Lastly, I'd like to echo Matt and extend a thank you to our employees for their continued focus on safety while executing on our strategic priorities. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Sanjay.
Jennifer Kneale: This is Jen, Brian. I think we have a very strong balance sheet right now sitting at the end of the quarter around the midpoint of our long-term leverage ratio target range despite making a $1 billion acquisition in the first quarter. And we think that our capital spending really helps to create significant long-term shareholder value and position us to be able to return an increasing amount of capital to our shareholders. As Matt described in his answer to Michael, there is some lumpiness associated with our growth capital spending, particularly around our large projects like Daytona and that means that there are some periods where we may have less free cash flow than other periods. But we believe that this sets us up to continue to execute on really where we already are, which is a road map that says we will continue to maintain a really strong balance sheet. We've got increasing year-over-year EBITDA growth really as far as we can see under a variety of scenarios and then also are able to return increasing amounts of capital to our shareholders through a significantly increasing dividend and also opportunistic share repurchases. I think that's the road map that we've shown over the last couple of years, and I think that's the road map that will continue to follow going forward.
Jennifer Kneale: Jeremy, this is Jen. We put an ROIC slide in our February materials, partially just to very explicitly highlight just how well, we believe we've been able to invest over the last several years, particularly in projects and opportunities that we consider core. And the spending that we've announced this morning with our frac Train 10 and also additional spending around another Permian gas plant is core. Just like the spending that we're already doing for additional gas plants, fractionation and NGL transportation is core to us. So I wouldn't say that our hurdle rate has really shifted. Continues to be, call it, 5x to 7x. I think that we have been able to execute better than that, partially because our assets are so well utilized when they come online. It feels like we're almost behind every time a new asset comes online. So it's base loaded very quickly, which creates incremental more incremental returns that accrue to us more quickly than maybe before when we grew into our capacity, maybe a little bit more slowly. So I'd say that we continue to look at each and every opportunity and try to really scrub our capital spend plan are in a cycle right now where we are spending a little bit more and partially, that is a result of the lumpiness of some of our bigger projects. But ultimately, it's really across our core value chain, and we believe it's going to generate significant incremental returns for Targa and for our shareholders. To the extent that we get into an environment where we see producer activities slow down, I think we've demonstrated a track record where we've rationalized spending before. When you think about our 2020 spending of $600 million, 2021 spending of just a little bit over $400 million. We clearly have executed previously, where if activity levels are lower, we rationalize our spend. Currently, we just have a lot of expectations given the strength of the producers underlying our G&P systems for significant incremental volume growth. And that's going to necessitate a digital volumes across both our G&P and logistics and transportation footprints.
Jennifer Kneale: We now have 1 quarter under our belt, so it's always easier to affirm guidance when part of it is already accounted for. And I think Q1 was a really strong quarter for us across the board. Record volumes in a number of different areas, and our employees also did an excellent job of optimizing our assets and generating additional opportunities from our footprint. So as we look out at the rest of the year, prices are lower, but I think we continue to see and expect excellent volume growth, again, really across all of our assets. And that's really what is underpinning our reaffirmation of our guidance despite lower prices.
Jennifer Kneale: Theresa, this is Jen. You saw us partially utilize the tool by buying a little bit more than $50 million in the first quarter. We also made a $1 billion acquisition of our remaining interest in Grand Prix during the quarter. So part of what we're just trying to balance each and every quarter and then annually is just our spending requirements, whether that be a result of acquisition activity, like in the case of Q1 with the Grand Prix acquisition or other capital spending with the opportunities that we see in the market. And we were able to step in, we believe, when given the opportunity in Q1 in a manner that we are very comfortable with.
Jennifer Kneale: Sunil, this is Jen. I think that ideally we'd like to be at least a mid-BBB company. And right now, we're sitting one notch lower than that. I think that we have a very strong balance sheet right now. So we're really comfortable with where our leverage ratio is today and the trajectory of that leverage ratio. So ultimately, we believe that we'll continue to execute as we have historically, which is execute across all dimensions of our business plan and then the ratings will be a result of that execution. But I would expect as we continue to manage through this year and into next year and our leverage ratio continues to improve, we'll be looking to inquire about a potential upgrade with the agencies.
Jennifer Kneale: I think as we think about balance of the year, there's always the potential for additional upside in terms of higher commodity prices, if volumes exceed our expectation. If we see more optimization opportunities or if we've got commercial success beyond what we've already got baked into our forecast and that materializes this year. So we'll have to see how the rest of the year plays out. But certainly, you're hopefully hearing our excitement, not only that we have a really strong Q1 under our belt, but also that our outlook is as strong as it is. But we'll have to see what happens with prices and ultimately when volumes materialize. And if we see more volumes than we expect our volumes ramp a little bit more slowly than we expect.
Matt Meloy: And just to add to that, Michael, this is Matt here. We see the underlying growth in our G&P business, and we're pointing that to frac Train 9, 10 and the restart of GCF. So I would suspect others as they're bringing additional fractionation on, they have volumes that they see from their customers and their contracts. We need to make sure we have sufficient fractionation capacity for our underlying G&P business so we can provide an integrated NGL service to our G&P customers.
Matt Meloy: Yes. Michael, it is a little bit tough to do run rate as it does get lumpy during certain years when you have large long-haul NGL pipes, for example, that can be in and give you more runway. I'd also say when we made the acquisition of the North Delaware assets in the summer of last year, there was not sufficient processing capacity. So we do have a little bit of catch-up here with five plants being kind of brought online and ordering long lead time for two, that's likely a little bit heavy, if you were to do a multiyear model. That said, I think we're going to continue to have strong G&P growth. We're going to be needing to continue to add plants. So it really comes down a little bit to the lumpiness of some of the larger projects and the timing of our processing plants. But with our underlying acreage position and strong producer contracts we have in the Permian as long as they keep growing, which we see for years to come, we're going to continue to invest in gathering and processing plants, expanding NGL transportation, fractionation and export. But there could be some lumpiness from year-to-year.
Matt Meloy: I'm not sure exactly which piece on the third party you're referring to, but let me just kind of answer it generally. Here at Targa, we try and really service our existing customers and our gathering and processing business, but we have been for years to get more acreage positions, more underlying volumes in our G&P business to continue to grow that business and then move those NGLs downstream. So we've been very active in managing our existing contracts and going after new customers, new areas in our G&P business. And I'd say the same goes for transportation, fractionation and export is we have a lot of those volumes from GMP moving into our system. Most of those volumes have been moving more towards GMP based on our downstream side versus just third parties that are unaffiliated with G&P. That's been a trend that's been continuing. I don't know that that's really been changing. But that said, our downstream commercial team is still focused on trying to get new business, whether it's for Grand Prix or for our fractionators to provide that level of service for customers, whether they're our G&P customers or just downstream customers. So we're continuing that effort. I don't think that's really changed for us.
Matt Meloy: Yes. Thanks, Tristan. Good question. What really underlines or underlies our overall strategy for residue is to make sure that there's takeaway -- and so we want to support whether it's this Apex pipeline or others, we want to make sure that there's takeaway. We have a lot of volumes in the Permian, a lot of plants coming online. So for us to be able to charge a processing fee and the liquids down Grand Prix and into our frac, we need to make sure we're processing those volumes. We need to make sure that there's residue takeaway. So we are working -- we're doing some preliminary work on Apex. We're also talking to other customers. But I'm going to turn it over to Bobby just to talk a little bit more about that project and what we're thinking there.
Matt Meloy: Yes. Sure. Theresa, it's Matt. For frac train, whether it's 9, 10 or GCF, we really see that our underlying G&P business and continued volume growth and just execution from our producer customers. We do have some contracts that roll off from time to time. Those are -- most of those are T&F where it'd be more transportation and fractionation. So between now and 2025, we do have some of those. But the lion's share of the need for frac Train 10 is just from underlying continued activity from our producers in our G&P business.
Matt Meloy: Yes. Sure. Keith, I'd say when we gave our guidance, part of that was already factored in. The guidance was given in February, we already had some of those seasonal opportunities, I'd say, and saw the strong LPG export market. We really had good performance across traditional kind of NGL marketing, gas marketing and LPG exports, part of which was known when we gave the guidance. So that was factored in to some extent. . As we go forward, I'd say we do see kind of a more normalized level as we go throughout the year. That's why Jen kind of pointed to a weaker Q2. So I think Q2 is going to be a little bit weaker. We don't see those kind of outsized opportunities that we saw in but kind of more normalized as we move throughout the year.
Matt Meloy: Yes. We do have the ability to grow more. So we said we're around 800. We can do low 800s of Y-grade at Bellevue. We also have our Lake Charles frac, which we can push some more volumes over there. And we do have ability to push volumes to other fracs. And in any given month, we're unloading and offloading back and forth between different players in Bellevue for different reasons. So we feel good about being able to handle all of our volumes between now and when GCF comes on the first part of next year, and then we'll get even more relief when Train 9 comes on. But that gives us comfort that we're going to have volumes for our GCF startup and when it comes on.
Matt Meloy: Sure. Yes, you did hear that correctly. Last call, we talked about long lead items for one plant. Now we're securing long lead items for two plants. So I'd expect us to be greenlighting 1 or both of those plants relatively shortly. So we're kind of signaling that. In terms of constraints, we have had really strong performance. We kind of gave those updates here where we are currently running. We have enough capacity to handle our volumes from processing and transport and frac, but that is why we're adding more capacity along kind of that whole value chain as we see continued growth through the rest of this year, we think it really sets us up for a strong 2024 as our volumes really ramp through the back half of the year, and we'll have more capacity coming on in 2024. For gathering and processing, I'd say it's getting pretty tight on the processing side in both the Delaware and the Midland. The good thing about our plants and just the way our engineering teams have designed these is we have stretched above nameplate. So we're putting in 275 million a day plants. So even when we're at capacity, we can stretch up on these plants and go to, call it, 300 or so on most of these plants. So that gives us good flexibility and we've got gross capacity of almost 6 Bcf a day out there. So if you can move that 10% it gives you a pretty good flex on the processing side. Then on the NGL side, we've been adding pumps on Grand Prix. That's giving us some running room, but that's why we're adding Daytona as we see pretty good line of sight to needing that when that comes on, and then we've talked about the frac expansions. I'd say the other piece that we're looking at. We have an expansion coming on in the export business this summer, one million barrels a month of propane loading. That is our next one. We're taking a hard look at and trying to determine for us what the right next project is for us. So we're still kind of working through that with engineering operations and just timing of our overall volumes when we may need further export expansion.
Matt Meloy: Yes. So we have Legacy I there already. So we're able to -- using the existing infrastructure. We had some extra capacity, which is why we're running Legacy I is kind of in that it has the ability to be about 100 million a day. If you load up legacy One, we can load Legacy II to about $100 million or so a day. that should be -- we should have all the electricity work done, the infrastructure done later this quarter. So we'll have full access to the full $275 million. That is 1 of our timing constraints as we're putting in future plants. That tends to be 1 of the longer lead items to get put in place is the infrastructure. These plants that we're putting in I mean the last 12 or so plants we put in have all been electric. And it just takes time to get all that situated as it's a very large electric load.
Matt Meloy: Yes. So for the plants that we're putting in, we are connecting to various residue outlets to make sure we have transport intra-basin to Waha that we can then get to market from there. So we'll have connectivity within the Permian Basin for those plants. And then it really just goes to the broader basin is their takeaway out of the basin and what does that look like? We have some compression expansions coming on. We have a long-haul pipes coming on mid next year, which should provide some relief. So it feels like when the long-haul pipe comes on next year, we'll have some runway. But that's why, as Bobby talked about, we're beginning -- we've begun work and discussions on Apex and what this next pipeline is after Matterhorn.
