Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks, Matt. To wrap up the final portion of our prepared remarks, I would like to review some highlights of our growth project activity. As you know, our growth opportunities are being driven by the underlying industry dynamics of shale and resource play development, which is increasing business for both our Gathering and Processing division and our Logistics and Marketing division. These dynamics have allowed us to announce over $1.7 billion of growth investments to be placed in service in 2013 and 2014. $1.3 billion of that total $1.7 billion growth investments over the next two years will be providing primarily fee-based margin, which further insulates us from commodity price volatility. So here’s a quick status update on some of the growth projects currently underway that I know you’re following. Our 100,000-barrel per day CBF Train 4 expansion will be placed into service in the second quarter of this year as expected. During the course of construction, we have strategically increased selected scope to accommodate future growth, raising the total budget to $385 million from $360 million announced previously. This minor increase in expenditures significantly advantages future projects. Our expanded international export project remains on time and on budget. We expect the project which will enable us to load in excess of 3 million barrels per month to be in service during the third quarter of this year. When completed, we will be able to load in excess of 5 million barrels per month during the third quarter of 2014. We have already entered into multi-year take or pay contracts for the majority of the capacity of the projects and have seen longer terms for the most recent contracts. Our 200 million cubic feet a day Longhorn plant in North Texas is expected to be placed in service in the third quarter of 2013 assuming a near-term approval of its greenhouse permit. We believe that everything is complete on the permit and expect it soon but have been disappointed with the speed of final federal approval. We’ll let you know when we get the permit. The 200 million cubic feet a day High Plains plant at SAOU announced in the fourth quarter of 2012 is still on track to be finished on time in mid 2014 and has all the required permits. Given the level of producer activity and future focus in the Permian Basin, we are very excited about this project and the recent completions of two 300 million cubic feet a day expansions –
Joe Bob Perkins: Two 30 million cubic feet a day expansions in SAOU in Sand Hill. Sometimes I can talk better than I can read. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are busy at work integrating Badlands into Targa. Badlands is also an early stage growth project. In addition to our integration and commercialization efforts, we expect to spend approximately $250 million in 2013 to expand the system and to provide additional connectivity to both rail and pipeline takeaway options for our producer customers and to secure further acreage dedications. We recently completed a $35 million expansion of our Sound Terminal in Tacoma to greatly enhance our ability to serve the local and regional markets. The project connected the terminal to an important local products pipeline, added 225,000 barrels of storage and added ethanol and gasoline blending to the truck loading rack to increase the clean fuels available to the Puget Sound market. At Sound, we are also handling rail cars of Bakken crude for Washington State and West Coast refineries. In addition to these announced projects, we continue to develop other projects that have not yet been officially approved by our Board; some of which are known in the industry and have been referenced in our investor materials. Those ongoing projects with some visibility include CBF Train 5, a unit train facility and others. We are still optimistic about these projects. We expect the impact from these highly visible growth projects and others like them to provide the margin, scale and diversity that will support continued distribution growth in 2013 and beyond. Even with the acquisition of Badlands we continue to have substantial liquidity to fund our current announced slate of growth projects and to provide us flexibility to further expand our diversified Midstream platform for even longer term growth. 2013 will be a transformational year for Targa. We have approximately $1.1 billion in growth capital that will be placed in service and be up and running by the fourth quarter. The majority of these new projects and service will contribute fee-based margin. These projects are expected to be completed at attractive EBITDA multiples, meaning that our run rate EBITDA in the fourth quarter of 2013 will be a step change from where we ended 2012 and where we are today. And this enhanced end of year 2013 EBITDA performance should result in a 2014 EBITDA growth in excess of 25% over 2013. As I mentioned earlier in the call, we continue to expect to deliver full year 2013 distribution growth of 10% to 12% at the Partnership and expect to exceed 30% TRC dividend growth for 2013.
Joe Bob Perkins: Hey, Brad.Bradley Olsen – Tudor Pickering Holt: First question is about the results reported in the Marketing segment. You noted in the press release this morning that a decent piece of that, of the increase was a result of activity that the LPG export done. I was hoping that you might be able to maybe just qualitatively walk through how much of that was due to maybe contract roll over a new higher fee structure or any market-based opportunities that you guys were able to take advantage of during the quarter.
Joe Bob Perkins: Brad, you know and others that follow us know that we’re actually we’re working on the Coast Terminal as well before we were working on the Bakken and those projects were getting started beforehand. Now, we find we’re talking to many of the same customers and different groups of the same customers about both handling their supply in the Bakken and handling their linkage to the Coast, East Coast and West Coast. That provides us insights. I don’t want to overwork the synergies other than that but we’re happy to be working with customers on both ends of the pipes so to speak.Bradley Olsen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Great. And last question for me, we’ve started hearing, I guess, in these quarterly earnings calls from some of the producers in areas like the Eagle Ford and the Permian about perhaps some discounts developing in the condensate market versus the crude oil market. And given the fact that you already have a logistics footprint on the Gulf Coast and already have the logistics that allow you to move exports through your facilities, do you see any potential growth opportunities for Targa if we do see a dislocated Gulf Coast condensate markets to play a role in helping provide liquidity for producers or maybe even provide them with export outlets.
Joe Bob Perkins: Mike was starting to tell me what to say on that one. He knows this better than I do so he’s going to jump in here.
Joe Bob Perkins: Okay, the $250 million is the same number that we announced when we announced the acquisition based on the work we had done to that point. It’s also very indicative of what we expect to spend in 2013 and if we spend more than that, that’s good news. We have reprioritized those dollars somewhat since we’ve taken ownership 45 days ago but it is a opportunity-rich environment. We are trying to get as much done as quickly as possible for 2013. We will have additional capital expenditures in 2014. I don’t have a number for that for you now but it’s of similar magnitude and probably a little bit less would be a reasonable expectation. And if it’s more it’s a good thing.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think the easiest way to describe backlog in – Mike smiles because every time we sort of get in front of people like our investor day, we were talking about projects we hadn’t even planned to talk about. But what is not approved by our Board and that we’re working on looks a whole lot like the suite of projects that are already on our disclosure list. And the two I just mentioned CBF Train 5, people know we’re working on. We’ve put in our investor material and we’ve described publicly. We’ve described that we’re working on unit train projects publicly. And you can assume that we’re also working on in other Gathering and Processing projects.
Joe Bob Perkins: Sure. Let me talk about what we know about ethane rejection. First of all, we have the advantage of sitting at Mont Belvieu and seeing a lot of pipes coming in. So we know that ethane rejection is going on based on decreasing ethane content that we can observe, okay, without pointing to any pipes. We can conclude that that’s certainly occurring in the Mid-Continent and Rocky Mountain. I could also say, you go to our Fields Gathering and Processing plants, SAOU, the Permian plants, North Texas, Targa is not rejecting ethane. So I can’t speak for other parties but, yes, to what extent are we rejecting in our Field Gathering and Processing, we aren’t rejecting at all.
Joe Bob Perkins: This level of hedging that Matt just described was a mix of the various components and we provide all kinds of disclosure by component on what our hedging looks like. But I think it’s fair to say that at the forward prices, not the current prices, I mean, we’re at $0.25 ethane right now and the forward curve on ethane isn’t very pretty, that we do believe there is more upside than downside relative to the forward price curves, okay? Not relative to current, because that’s what you get to hedge at, the forward price curves.
Joe Bob Perkins: And feel the same way to a certain extent on propane, you’ve got export projects coming on line this year on propane and you didn’t have much of a winner. And that’s just how we view it. And if you think about us running multiple price scenarios, there’s just not a whole lot of downside relative to the upside and we’re going to be less hedged in ethane and propane than we have been in the past. We will probably be more hedged than we are today on the rest of the barrel and on condensate.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, everyone on the line probably knows that we don’t operate Gulf Coast fractionators and I hate to be the spokesman instead of the operator being the spokesman. What we said in our material is accurate and I know that efforts are continuing. Although, the target is not operation, we are in touch with them and we even try to help provide resources at times [ph].
Joe Bob Perkins: Okay. Our current activity and results is just what we can export HD5, domestic grade propane prior to this major project that’s coming on. And we’re trying to provide the ability to export as much as possible, working very hard to do that. I would say that the activity and the interest has increased. But we can only get so much across our docs [ph]. And we have been pleasantly surprised by how much we have been able to get across our docs [ph]. And I think it’s reasonable to expect that to continue up into the first phase of the expansion coming on in the third quarter of this year. The third quarter of this year similarly, interest in activity and desire for that has increased. And when it first comes on, we got contracted as much as it can be contracted. And then we will be working to become even more efficient about getting more across the doc [ph], which may open up a little bit more room or room for some spot cargoes. It’s my understanding that the only other doc [ph] in the Gulf Coast doing that has seen similar activity, and desire and demand so to speak.
Joe Bob Perkins: No. I remember that coming up I believe in the last call. To clarify it a bit, we’re trying to contract as much as we can based on known ability to meet that demand because those are firm contracts. Our ability to get stuff across the doc [ph] may allow us to get additional spot cargoes beyond what we’ve contracted. When it comes on in ‘13, it’s fully contracted; maybe we can squeeze a little bit more across. And when the additional part comes on in ‘14, it’s essentially contracted. Now, maybe a little bit more that we can contract because we’re learning all the time about what we can get cross the doc [ph]. We also acquired an existing doc [ph] that will require some investment. And we’re looking at plans, different ways to use that doc [ph] to perhaps expand our ability to do LPG contracts. For example, maybe we handle the domestic grade propane out of Patriot while handing more international grade propane out of Galena Park.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, what we said in the release and what I say again today is that it is a very flexible facility because it’s close tires and can be inter-connected with the big facilities are connected to Mt. Belvieu in our grid, in our storage. At the same time we might very well be using it for two purposes. Helping out on the domestic grade propane and what originally hit our radar scope own [ph] was opportunities associated with our petroleum logistics business. And very close location to a major pipeline, yes.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think that’s probably fair. It’s left that it’s uneconomic in the Barnett from my perspective, yes, producers who also have Permian opportunity. And that’s just going gang buster. So maybe they’re moving dollars to the Permian in LOU of North Texas for example. I believe you’ve really hit the right summary. It’s still [inaudible] an attractive project for us. It may just fill up slower than we had initially anticipated.
Joe Bob Perkins: It’s a settlement if [inaudible] say much more about it. And it’s a good question. I’ll be asking the same question. We’re just stock with what we can say about it.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think our answer is really always the same on that one. We look at a lot of things. We benefit from looking at those things. But on acquisition for target that is accretive, that nicely fits into our existing business and doesn’t overwork our current talent pool, that’s a needle in the haste stock. And we found that with the Badlands acquisition. We hadn’t done in major acquisition for five years when we did that. We did little acquisition that people barely notice that we’re as big as our first acquisition. And the acquisition of the petroleum logistics terminals was a $250 million which was as big as our first acquisition and it barely hit the radar scope. We’ll do smaller ones that will need kind of have a fit. But I don’t see a major acquisition in the future. I could be surprise but it’s not a goal or an objective of ours.
Joe Bob Perkins: I just got corrected, I miss spoke again, I said, 250, I should have said 150, which was approximately the same size as the $250 million SAOU, LOU acquisition.
Joe Bob Perkins: I just want to say thank you for your time. We appreciate your interest. If you have any follow up questions, please feel free to contact Matt or any of us. Have a good day.
