Jennifer Kneale: Thanks, Matt. Targa's reported quarterly adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $626 million, increasing 10% sequentially as we benefited from the repurchase of our DevCo joint ventures and higher volumes across most of our assets, offset by the sale of our equity interest in Gulf Coast Express pipeline and lower marketing margin.  Targa generated adjusted free cash flow of $373 million in the first quarter. We are significantly hedged for 2022 and continue to add hedges for 2023 and beyond, while still benefiting from higher prices across our unhedged equity volume exposure and prices above fee floors.  Looking ahead, as a reminder, the integration of the recently acquired bolt-on midstream assets and associated contracts to our South Texas G&P operations will be reflected in consolidated G&P segment earnings for the second quarter.  Our consolidated leverage ratio was 3.4x at the end of the first quarter, and we had about $2 billion of available liquidity. In April, we successfully completed our inaugural TRGP notes offering in the investment-grade market, issuing $750 million of 4.2% senior notes due 2033 and $750 million of 4.95% senior notes due 2052. We really appreciate the support of our new and existing fixed income investors in our initial IG offering and are pleased to have been able to access the 30-year market for the first time.  Earlier this week, we completed the redemption of all of our outstanding Series A preferred stock for approximately $973 million. The redemption of the preferred completes an important strategic goal to simplify our capital structure, and we were able to do so sooner than previous expectations as a result of our strong company performance.  With respect to the sale of our interest in GCX, the call right process has concluded, and we expect to receive final payment on or around May 20.  As Matt mentioned, our pro forma leverage ratio is 3.3x and trending lower, which puts us in excellent financial position with a lot of flexibility.  We continue to expect to spend $700 million to $800 million on attractive organic growth capital opportunities in 2022, with approximately $121 million spent through the first quarter to support continued volume growth across our systems.  We are paying an attractive $1.40 annualized dividend per common share for 2022, and have been able to return additional capital to our common shareholders through opportunistic repurchases, with $50 million of shares repurchased in the first quarter.  Our continued investment in growing Targa's underlying businesses, supported by an attractive macro backdrop and the strength of our balance sheet means we are in excellent position looking forward to continue to return an increasing amount of capital to our shareholders.  Lastly, I'd like to echo Matt and thank our employees for their dedication and for continuing to prioritize safety. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Sanjay.
Jennifer Kneale: Theresa, this is Jen. I think from our perspective, you'll see us kind of execute going forward, sort of as we are today, increase the common share dividend 2022 versus 2021, and that's the dividend that we'll have for this year, and then we'll revisit next February. You're seeing us continue to invest in our business. And also, you're seeing us to execute on opportunistic share repurchases.  So I think that's going to be the formula for us going forward. And then, it's just going to be a matter of the opportunities in front of us to figure out where we think our capital is best spent.
Jennifer Kneale: I think the starting point, if any risks do present themselves, is just so different for us today than it ever has been before. We've just never been stronger, Theresa. So I think we'll be able to withstand and perform exceptionally well even if those risks do present themselves going forward.
Jennifer Kneale: I think for us, you saw us execute on the Southcross acquisition, a great acquisition for us. We're excited to have those employees join the Targa team. Integration is going well, and that's an example of a transaction where we think we're able to buy at really attractive prices and then benefit from synergies, both near term and over the medium and longer term.  There are more assets and companies available in the market today than there certainly have been over the last couple of years, which is understandable given the strength of commodity prices. And so for us, the bar continues to be very, very high. And that means that there are a number of unique characteristics that any transaction would have to meet in order for us to even consider looking at it. So I think you'll see us continue to be very selective about anything that we spend our time on.
Jennifer Kneale: The expectation would be that when we receive those proceeds, we'll use it to reduce borrowings under our revolver right now, Keith.
Jennifer Kneale: And Keith, our 10-Q will be published later today so you'll be able to see in there the volumes that are now hedged across both gas, NGLs and condensate.
Jennifer Kneale: Spiro, this is Jen. I'll take the first part of the question. So some of what we did in our G&P business was in the fourth quarter. We actually went ahead and bought fairly significant amount of chemicals ahead of time. So our chemical costs for the first quarter went down as a result of that. I'd expect our Q2 through, really, Q4 OpEx to step up as we move through time here, as we are seeing higher costs as a result of inflation and just difficulty getting certain things.  So Q1, I think a little bit of an anomaly. And then also, on the compensation side, we had a higher bonus that we ended up paying for the fourth quarter. And so that was reflected in the fourth quarter, and then we tend to accrue at a lower number as we begin a new year, and so that's what we're doing in the first quarter. So that's part of what you're seeing as well that I think is, again, creating a little bit of an anomaly in Q1 relative to Q4.
Jennifer Kneale: I don't think that there's an easy framework that I can give you, Sunil, related to that. I think that as we think about OpEx Q2 going forward, it's likely to begin to look more like the fourth quarter than the first quarter. So that's probably the best visibility that I can give you right now. But we're also seeing prices increase real time. So it's a little bit tough to predict as well.  I think our operations teams and engineering teams are doing an excellent job of trying to stay in front of inflation and rising costs as much as they possibly can and are doing an excellent job working with our suppliers, but it's just a little bit difficult to predict right now. But I think the best visibility I can give you is that second quarter and go forward will look more like the fourth quarter than the first quarter.
Jennifer Kneale: Harry, this is Jen. I think we'll have continued opportunities just moving forward. We do have some higher coupon notes. So depending on the callability and call prices of those notes, we'll be continuing to try to figure out how to best manage our liquidity and our notes positions going forward. I do think there is continued opportunities to benefit from savings, but the cadence of that is largely going to be dependent on the prices that we can call in those notes and then where can we issue notes in the market going forward. So we'll just have to see how that plays out. But I think we're in an excellent position anyway.
Jennifer Kneale: I think a lot of the cash that you see on our balance sheet quarter-to-quarter really has more to do with the JVs and the terms of the JVs and when cash is distributed out of those joint ventures than anything else.  So we're generally trying to manage our liquidity position as optimally as we can. And so that means utilizing the available tools that we have, whether that be our revolver or accounts receivable facility or just maintaining cash on the balance sheet.  So there isn't a hard and fast rule that we're following that I can give you. It's really just us trying to manage as best as possible to minimize interest expense and maximize the liquidity that we have at all times.
Matthew Meloy: Theresa, I think we feel really good about our business. We've made a lot of improvements to the balance sheet over the years, we've simplified our structure. So the risks that are out there inherent in our business are commodity prices and volumes. But even from both of those, I feel like we're better insulated and better protected to the downside today than we were a year or 2 ago. So I think it's the same risks that we look at.  We've made a lot of progress on recontracting and putting in fee floors in our G&P business. We also have a significant amount of hedges, which reduces our commodity price exposure. And just as we continue to grow across our footprints, we have really strong diverse customers across our G&P in multiple basins and have good diverse customer set out in the Permian.  So the risk kind of remain in our business, but I think we've done a good job at trying to protect ourselves from the downside.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. Yes, Jeremy, I think you laid it out pretty well. I feel like Q1 was a really good quarter for us. We had increasing volumes in the Permian. But if you look in the Permian Midland, it was up a little bit, almost flat Q1 to Q4. We had some winter weather and operational issues in January and February, but we've seen volumes rebound nicely in March and April. So it sets us up for good volume growth from now through year-end.  And if you look at prices, NGLs were up a little bit, but gas was actually quarter-to-quarter for us, realized, down. And as you know, Waha prices now are much, much higher than our average in Q1. So between gas and NGL, if prices hang around here, we're going to have a lot of uplift as we go throughout the year.  We also had lower volumes due to some weather impacts up in the Badlands and across our central regions, too. So with a little bit warmer weather, higher prices, I think it sets up really nicely for the balance of the year.
Matthew Meloy: We have not been that specific. We just said, I think we're in good shape as we kind of move throughout the rest of this year if prices hang around here -- even if prices don't hang around here, I think we're in really good shape.
Matthew Meloy: Sure. We've seen pretty good growth here in the Permian, just in the aggregate and on our system over the last 12 months, and we think there's going to be continued growth as we look forward. I'm going to turn it over to Bobby, who can talk a little bit just about how we're thinking about residue takeaway opportunities.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. I think we continue to see really strong activity across our overall Permian footprint. Part of what you've seen in the Permian Midland, as we've seen in previous years, we tend to get more of our growth in that system over the summer when it warms up, spring/summer time frame. So it has some seasonality in it. And again, we had January and February, which was kind of impacted more by cold weather and some operational issues, and we are seeing some of that increase already in March and April.  So we continue to expect growth across both Permian Midland and Delaware. But we also have seen some of our larger producers stick with their -- kind of stick with their previous guidance and what they're telling us in terms of volume growth. So just because you're getting higher prices doesn't necessarily mean they're going to ramp up production.  But it is a mixed bag there. We have seen some of our larger customers point to increasing the growth rate. So I think that may have some impact on 2022, but perhaps that's more 2023 and as we go forward. We are still seeing good activity across our smaller private E&P customers who are continuing to drill. So no, I think we are pretty optimistic about our Permian growth from here going forward.
Matthew Meloy: Yes, sure. So we're significantly hedged on the gas side. And when we do hedge, most of our volumes are Permian related, so we do hedge Waha basis. So we try and cover as best we can kind of the basis risk associated with our hedges. And where we have gas in Oklahoma, we'll hedge at those physical points as well.  We were significantly hedged kind of earlier in the year, and we've added as we've seen strength in gas prices and NGLs. We've continued to layer on additional hedges not only for this year but for the next several years. So I'd say with prices hanging around here, we'll continue with our programmatic approach to continue to add more hedges.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. And then, on the mix shift. When you look at first quarter versus fourth quarter, really, the big increase in commodity price was relative to crude oil prices. We don't have that much exposure directly to crude oil prices. We have some, but not that much. It's really on the gas side and the NGL side and gas was down and NGLs were up almost offsetting. So a lot of the run that we saw was in March, so we had some benefit kind of late in the quarter, but it's really kind of through April and then into kind of where we are now.  So not a mix shift. It's just kind of the way all 3 of those different commodity prices move relative to Q4.
Matthew Meloy: I'd say we are continuing to work on a potential carbon capture solution. So I'd say that is ongoing. It's going to take a while for us to develop that. I think we're in a good position to develop that. And so we are working with others trying to put something together there to see if we can capture CO2 out in the Permian and move it down hole, there are discussions at other parts in and around our business as well. I think it's just going to continue to make progress, but I think it's going to be a while before we can move anything over the finish line, too.
Matthew Meloy: Yes, Michael, we are in recovery across our systems, and we have been for some time. So I don't really see a big change for us there. Our exposure to ethane is really more on the price side than the volume side. So as ethane moves up, we have some hedge, but we do have some length on that. So we benefit from higher prices on ethane, but I wouldn't expect to see with ethane prices moving up, much of a volume impact, really.
Matthew Meloy: Yes, sure. I'd say it's really probably more in the comparison. If you look at last quarter, we had some contango trades that were still unwinding when we had contango that we put on some dated trade. So there's really just less of that in the first quarter relative to previous periods. So I think that is the primary driver of that.
Matthew Meloy: Well, the seasonality part of it, we do have some -- we get some benefit in both Q4 and Q1 from our seasonal wholesale propane business. And so that will come off in Q2 and Q3. Yes, as far as the contango or backwardation or those kind of opportunities that present our marketing team, that really just depends on market conditions. So I'd say, in Q1, there was just relatively less of those compared to prior periods, and it will -- we'll see what Q2 and the go-forward quarters present us.
Matthew Meloy: Yes. Sure, John. Yes, good question. I think as we really review our dividend payout, as Jen mentioned, we'll plan to provide an update for you early part of next year. It's not our goal to get back to where we used to be. I think we're looking at market indicators. We are looking at S&P 400, S&P 500 in terms of -- we'll look at yield. I know that moves around with the share price. So we'll look at percent return based on free cash flow and other cash flow metrics as well.  So I think we're going to be in a really good position to continue to move our dividend higher given all the free cash flow that we have. So we'll just evaluate it. I'd say similar to the way we evaluated it last year. We'll look and say where do we want to be? Well, we will look at our peers and see what they are paying out, but we'll also look at, I'd say, a broader peer group of the S&P 400, S&P 500. And I think both of those will inform our decision as we think about what we want to do for '23, but then also, as we think about kind of a multiyear, how do we want to be kind of layering in to increase payout over time.
Scott Pryor: Brian, this is Scott Pryor. Just to touch base, we do feel like the fractionation market is starting to tighten up. The number of inquiries that have come into us, both for short-term as well as long-term frac needs has increased. And some of those are actually folks that I think are trying to get a little bit ahead of the tightening of the market by trying to secure a fractionation that may start more dated into the future.  We've got a permit in hand for Train 9. We continuously are evaluating when we need to formally start that -- the construction of that. And we will stay well ahead of that relative to what our needs are. Recognize that we've got good transparency back to our producers behind our gas processing plant. And as a result of that, the timing of that, we will be well ahead of that.  So Again, I feel like the market is starting to tighten up, the number of inquiries coming in and the view that we have back to our producers, we feel like it -- there will be a time here in the near future that we'll look at starting Train 9 and the construction of that.
Scott Pryor: Michael, this is Scott. First off, I would say that when we initially started our export business, we were -- yes, we were heavily weighted towards South America. Since then, much like the rest of the players in the marketplace, we have diversified more heavily, if you will, to the Far East and that growing demand that is there. Places like China for PDH plants, for chemical plants and even for domestic... I would say, when you look at our performance on a quarter-by-quarter basis, we continue to be very consistent. At times, there are some weather issues that may impact it. There might be some logistical challenges as it relates to the shipping market from time to time. And we have seen some of that and did see some of that in the first quarter of this year.  But all in all, the market is still very solid. Over time, it will continue to grow. We feel very good about the expansion that we're doing. It's very -- it's small, but yet very complementary to our business, which will allow us for some incremental capacity, and provides additional reliability to our customers that are historical lifters.  So again, we've got a good portfolio of customers. They're strong, they stick with us, they appreciate the reliability that we provide, and I think as we continue to see LPG's production increase here in the U.S., we will look for incremental ways to continue to debottleneck where it makes sense and push those across the water.
Scott Pryor: And Matt, just to add -- this is Scott real quick. On the wholesale side of our business, we did see a strong fourth quarter in certain areas of our business, especially those areas where we have nice pockets of field inventory. So more of those volumes moved out during the fourth quarter than they did in the first quarter. So as a result of that, we had some uplift, probably earlier in the winter season than we did in the latter part of the winter season, just where our position is on inventories.
Scott Pryor: Neel, this is Scott. As Matt said earlier, when we look at our pipeline as we're getting into our fractionation facility in Mont Belvieu, both of the plants that are operating on our systems -- we do have a few third-party plants that will evaluate ethane recovery based upon their situation where, they're located and whatever their contracts are around their system. But all in all, for the most part, we don't see a lot of swing on both our pipeline as well as the third-party pipelines that are coming into our system.  So I would say that it's not a big needle mover. Matt kind of indicated that earlier. But I think that when you look at where the pricing is today, most plants should be in recovery, and that's what we're seeing on our system. And given the price advantage that we see on the petrochemical side, I think that, that will continue for a while. But there's going to be some noise from time to time that all in all, for the most part in our system, we assume that we're going to have some recovery [indiscernible] fractionation footprint.
Scott Pryor: Robert, this is Scott. Yes, we have been very pleased with the continuation of increased volumes on our transportation side of our business, quarter in and quarter out. First quarter averaging 460,000 barrels a day into out Mont Belvieu complex. So -- and again, we had good transparency back to our customers and our producers behind our plant and the additive of gas processing plants in the Permian.  So we will continue to add pumps along the pipeline sector. We've got good operating leverage today. And remember, when we throw out those stats around 460,000 barrels, again, to the first quarter, that -- part of that contribution is coming from North Texas and into Oklahoma from our applications in that area.  So we will evaluate the need for additional pipe and pipe expansions. We will be well ahead of that relative to what our needs are and the producers behind our system. So it's something that we're going to be well ahead of when it's necessary.
