Sanjay Lad: Thanks, Ruel. Good morning, and welcome to the third quarter 2021 earnings call for Targa Resources Corp. The third quarter earnings release, along with the third quarter earnings supplement presentation for Targa Resources that accompany our call are available on our website at targaresources.com in the Investors section. In addition, an updated investor presentation has also been posted to our website. Statements made during this call that might include Targa Resources' expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our latest SEC filings. Our speakers for the call today will be Matt Meloy, Chief Executive Officer; and Jen Kneale, Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, the following senior management team members will be available for Q&A. Pat McDonie, President, Gathering and Processing; Scott Pryor, President, Logistics and Transportation; and Bobby Muraro, Chief Commercial Officer. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Matt.
Sanjay Lad: Thanks, Jen. For the Q&A session, we kindly ask that you limit to one question and one follow-up and reenter the line-up if you have additional questions. Ruel, would you please open the lines for Q&A. Ruel, would you please open the line.
Sanjay Lad: Well, thanks everyone that was on the call this morning, and we appreciate your interest in Targa Resources. Thank you, and have a great day.
Jen Kneale: Thanks, Matt. I would also like to give a big thank you to all of our employees. Targa's reported quarterly adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $506 million, increasing 10% sequentially as we benefited from higher commodity prices including upside from fee floor volumes and higher volumes across our integrated Permian gathering, processing and logistics and transportation systems. Year-to-date 2021 Targa has generated adjusted free cash flow of $893 million, which has allowed us to reduce our leverage significantly across the year. We are highly hedged for 2021 and continue to add hedges for 2022 and beyond, while still benefiting from higher prices across our unhedged equity volume exposure and prices above fee floors. For 2022, we have now hedged about 85% of natural gas, 75% of NGLs and 75% of condensate. We are continuing to hedge into price strength and have added 2022 hedges at higher weighted average hedge prices. For 2023, we are around 50% hedged across all commodities. You can find our usual hedge disclosures in our quarterly earnings supplement presentation. As Matt mentioned, we now expect to be above the top end of our full year estimated 2021 adjusted EBITDA range of $1.9 billion to $2 billion. Increasing activity levels across our Permian systems and additional visibility to 2022, we now estimate our 2021 net growth CapEx to be toward the high end of our $350 million to $450 million range as we are ordering long lead items for our next Midland Basin plan. As we think about 2022 growth capital, our expectation is that it will be higher than 2021 with continued spending largely around additional plant, well connect and compression capital on the G&P side plus additional pump station capital for Grand Prix. Our full year net maintenance CapEx estimate remains unchanged at approximately $120 million. Our balance sheet is strong with a consolidated leverage ratio of about 3.5 times and we have significant liquidity with no near-term debt maturities. We now expect to end 2021 with consolidated leverage around 3.25 times and pro forma for our $925 million DevCo repurchase in January 2022, we expect to comfortably be within our target range of 2 to 4 times. Our outperformance year-to-date and balance sheet flexibility position us to begin returning incremental capital to our shareholders. In 2021, we focused on reducing leverage. In 2022, with the strength of our balance sheet, our focus shifts to simplifying our capital structure and returning more capital to shareholders. Complemented by our plans to recommend a meaningful increase to our common dividend in early 2022, we will continue to remain opportunistic around common and preferred share repurchases, and we'll continue to invest in attractive high returning growth opportunities that leverage our integrated system. Our recommendation to increase the common dividend to $1.40 per share annualized with the culmination of a lot of comparable company and industry analysis as well as scenario analysis. We believe that at $1.40, Targa offers an attractive common dividend per share that will provide for a stable return of cash flow to our shareholders across cycles. Our initial increase of the common dividend will be effective for the fourth quarter of 2021 and we expect to maintain that dividend level through the fourth quarter of 2022. Beyond 2022, we expect to provide modest increases to our annual common dividend per share and currently expect to articulate the next change to our dividend concurrent with providing our annual guidance in February 2023. We have worked very hard to improve our balance sheet and we remain focused on preserving our strong balance sheet and maintaining consolidated leverage of 3 to 4 times over the longer term. We are continuing our dialogue with the rating agencies with a focus toward achieving investment-grade rating, which is a priority for Targa. This week, Moody's upgraded us to Ba1. So we are now one notch from investment-grade at all three agencies. Shifting to sustainability and ESG. We recently published our third annual sustainability report. And we continue to advance Targa's sustainability disclosures with the report providing a review of our performance against various environmental, social and governance topics that are important to our industry. Also, as announced a couple of days ago, we entered into agreements to source renewable electricity from Concho Valley Solar to provide power to our G&P infrastructure in the Permian Basin. We continue to review and pursue other economic opportunities to advance our sustainability objectives that complement our core competencies and infrastructure footprint. In closing, we are so very proud of our Targa team. Our employees have continued to perform exceptionally well for our customers and have done so with a continued focus on safety, and we are very thankful for their efforts. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Sanjay.
Jen Kneale: I'd say, Jeremy, clearly the near-term priority is now we're in excellent position to take out the DevCos in January and leverage will move a little bit higher when we do that, but then we expect to leverage to come down thereafter as we benefit from increasing EBITDA, not only in company's assets. but from the rest of the business. And that's what's really going to drive a lot of the flexibility that we see us having in 2022 that will allow us to return capital to our shareholders in a variety of ways. The simplification is still an important part of this for us though, and that starts with the DevCo and then also taking out the preferred. And that's what we'll largely be focused on in 2022. But again, I think we now have the flexibility to think about a go forward where we've got increasing EBITDA, which allows us to return more capital through both increasing dividends and potentially decreasing share count. And that's what we'll be focused on as we go forward through time, assuming a continued strong balance sheet.
Jen Kneale: Shneur, this is Jen. I think similar to a lot of our peers, we have escalators across our contracts both in G&P and also in Logistics and Transportation. So we would expect going forward that we're in that beneficiary of inflation. And so that's part of what would be a potential tailwind for us next year and then the go forward after that.
Jen Kneale: I think, hopefully, what you’ve heard from us this morning is that we’re really excited about where we’re positioned today and the flexibility that that affords us going forward. We focused on reducing leverage this year. And you’ve heard already that in our minds there is a shift in 2022 where we’re able to return more capital to our shareholders. And to the extent we are able to continue to manage leverage where it is and where we expect it to go, I think that increases our flexibility to do a lot of different things that will improve the return of capital to our shareholders and increase the value of Targa as we move through time.
Jen Kneale: Our long-term target is 3x to 4x, Colton, and that’s not something that I would expect that we’ll be updating. We’re very comfortable within the 3x to 4x range. That doesn’t mean that we couldn’t have quarters or quarters where we’re lower or even higher than that. I think we’re very comfortable existing anywhere around that zip code. To the extent we’re in the lower end or even below, that gives us more flexibility. So we’ll just be continuing to manage our balance sheet as we go through time. But again, very comfortable within the 3x to 4x range and that’s really over the long-term where we expect to manage the business.
Jen Kneale: The base plan that we have right now is that we’ll ratably take it out beginning really in the second quarter after it steps down to 105, and that will continue until, call it, the end of 2023 when it will be fully redeemed at that point in time. But to the extent that we want to take some out sooner, we obviously have that flexibility. So that’s a lever that we’ll be able to pull as we move through 2022 just depending on the performance of the business and the outlook for the business.
Jen Kneale: Doug, this is Jen. When we think about 2022, there is still a little bit for us to continue to work through related to the corporate simplification, right? So primary use of free cash flow in 2022 will be the DevCo repurchase. As we think about beyond that, I think we’ll wait to articulate more about our plans. We tried to give a reference point that said that setting the dividend at $1.40 for the fourth quarter we were looking at how much of 2021 free cash flow that represented and are very comfortable with the dividend that approximates to call it 30% of this year’s free cash flow. But as we move through time, that could change. And so I’d say that that’s something that we will continue to evaluate. We have said that we think that we will be in position to return more capital to shareholders as we move through time. And so how much free cash flow that means we are comfortable paying out on any given year will be dependent on our performance for that year and then our expectations for the go forward as well.
Jen Kneale: I mean, clearly, we’re not giving specific numbers on exactly what our expectation is right now for full year adjusted EBITDA. I think we do have a pretty good outlook for the fourth quarter. And now that we’re a month into the fourth quarter, feel good about it. But ultimately, we’ll have to see how the next couple of months shake out and how we finish up the year. But yes, I mean, prices are strong, fundamentals are strong. We do expect increasing volumes really across the business this quarter so to the extent that those materialize. I think it should end up being a pretty good quarter for Targa and that will drive a very nice 2021 overall adjusted EBITDA year for the company.
Jen Kneale: We’ve characterized it as opportunistic, Chase. So it’s really going to depend on what’s happening in a given quarter and what’s our outlook for the year, what’s our outlook beyond that. And so we’ll look under – we’ll look at that decision under a number of different frameworks. But I think hopefully what you’re hearing from us is that with the balance sheet flexibility we now feel that we have, it certainly can be part of how we’re going to return capital to shareholders. But we’re not going to provide clarity under the frameworks under which we will or will not participate in the market.
Jen Kneale: I think from our perspective, everything always has to be on the table. We’ve clearly articulated that as we think about our priorities for 2021. It was managing our leverage lower. And then for 2022, it’s really continuing corporate simplification with the DevCo and the preferred, while also being able to return more capital to shareholders, which I think initially we’re talking about in terms of paying a higher base common dividend and then also potentially being able to engage in some opportunistic repurchases. But everything is always on the table, and that’s what we work through with our Board each and every quarter to make decisions. From our perspective, that’s not something that makes sense for us today, but that doesn’t mean that that couldn’t change in the future.
Matt Meloy: Yes. Hey, Jeremy. I'd say, it really is probably more of the same from us for our larger E&Ps and larger publics and integrated. They are really sticking more or less with what they have told us. They have some ranges in their forecast they give us, but more or less are kind of sticking to the plans that they have. And we are still seeing a lot of the uptick in activity from the smaller and private guys really across our systems. I don't see a big change happening there. And then in terms of adding processing plants, last call we talked about adding the Legacy Plant, we just had Heim Plant come online, and we're ordering long lead times now for the next plant in the Permian Midland. So as we're really working through our, I'd say, capital budgeting and planning for 2022, we're ordering long lead times so we can be ready. We're not sure exactly when we think we'll need the next plant after Legacy, so we're still kind of in that evaluation phase, but we want to be ready in there for customers when it comes in. So I guess, stay tuned. When we think that next plant will come in, we would likely announce more specifics around timing on the next earnings call.
Matt Meloy: Yes. So you are correct in that our fee floors were put in place to protect the downside. And right now, our average NGL is around $1.06 and gas prices are much higher than they were last year. So we are above the fee floors on our POP contract. So the way those generally work is they’re still POP contracts, percentage-of-proceeds, just has a fee floor in them. So as prices will continue to move up, it will look like a regular POP contract.
Matt Meloy: Yes. No, really I think as we look for 2022 CapEx, it’s really more related to our – this increase in activity out in the Permian. We’re looking to exceed our guidance on volumes for this year, ordering long lead times, it looks like we’re going to have more plant capital as you get into 2022, and then also, it’s just more volumes, more gathering compression pipelines and the like. So I’d say it’s more related to that. We are seeing some higher costs for steel and other things. The team has done a really good job for whether it’s Legacy or even this next plant we’re kind of getting in the Q4 are trying to manage that as best we can. There will be some pressures on that, but I’d say it’s primarily related to more activity than just inflation.
Matt Meloy: Yes, sure. Right now, I would agree with that assessment that the T&F market is very competitive. There is excess capacity. And so new deals that are coming, it’s very competitive, and there’s a lot of competition to get the marginal barrel there. I’d say the good thing for Targa is we have, we are underpinned by either long-term contracts if it’s a T&F agreement. We have long-terms, a lot of them are 10-plus years, our longer term T&F contracts. And then in our Gathering and Processing business, we have long-term contracts on the G&P side. So most of the volumes that are coming and most of the volumes that are underpinning our growth are already contracted for multiple years to come. So I’d say, while we are in that same market, we’re still very well positioned for the next several years because of our contract structure.
Matt Meloy: Sure. Yes, with the proposed additional regulations from the EPA, I’d say, as we look through those, we’re in overall agreement with what they’re trying to do, and that’s trying to keep methane in the facilities, which makes sense. We’re already operating with best practices in a lot of these areas. So the recommendations they are putting forth we’re already doing in a lot of the areas, and we’ve been retrofitting and making changes for years doing this. So this may perhaps speed that along some work that we’re already doing. We’re already looking and trying to find leaks along our pipelines and facilities. As outlined in our ESG report, we’re hiring third-parties to fly, kind of going above and beyond and flying our facilities looking for leaks and fixing them. So overall, this is things we’ve already done. It puts some more parameters in place, which we’ll have to follow. But I don’t see that as being an issue for us, it’s things we were already doing. And then an opportunity, I’d say, as we provide really good service to our customers and can have good metrics there, yes, I think there is some potential opportunity as we kind of become leading in this and continue to perform very well. That could be beneficial for some of the larger E&Ps who are focused on our overall performance there.
Matt Meloy: Yeah, sure. Good morning. I think for us, it’s really been – it’s really going to be more of the same. I think we’re going to continue to have a high hurdle for us. We have a really good organic growth projects outlook to continue to grow that. So we’re not in a position of need where we feel like we have to go get something to complete our integrated story or that we are really falling short in any area. So we’ll continue to look at assets. We have looked over the last several years. If there is something that’s complementary to our existing assets and it fits well on the G&P side and it has liquid synergies, so it’s a good G&P business with some liquids, we will look at that as we’ve continued to look at it, but we also want to make sure if we do anything there, we’re staying within our 3x to 4x target leverage. So it’s kind of got to be just right for us. So we haven’t really found anything that’s fit that, but we’ll continue to look. But it continues to be a high bar because we have – we think we’re going to able to grow our EBITDA just through organic growth.
Pat McDonie: I think it's pretty csonsistent across both the Midland side of the basin and the Delaware side of the basin. We're seeing the steady growth from the large publics, as Matt alluded to, and we're seeing more activity levels in both the Delaware and the Midland side of the basin from the smaller guys. And certainly, when you look at rig count adds, etc., it kind of indicates that there's probably a little more lag in the Delaware than there is in the Midland side of the basin. But certainly, in our conversations with those parties we contracted with, they're definitely ramping up in some form or fashion. Not crazy ramp up, but good, thoughtful investment of capital. So that's what we're seeing right now.
Pat McDonie: Yeah, that is correct. The Continental acquisition of Pioneer acreage, a lot of it is dedicated to us and it will just move over with the existing dedication.
Pat McDonie: I think that’s very comfortable, I’ll put it that way, and some of our facilities have capabilities beyond that 10%.
Pat McDonie: Yes. We do have some capability of moving gas from the Midland site to the Delaware site. And frankly, looking at ways to improve our capability of doing so. So some looking to grow that. And certainly, we have the ability to offload to peers in the marketplace that having incremental available capacity. So we feel pretty good about our ability to handle the growth in volumes before our next plant comes up just based on the fleet of plants that we currently have. But we certainly have some other flexibility.
