Joe Bob Perkins: Thanks Sanjay. Good morning everyone. Before we get into our prepared remarks this morning. I want to take a moment to mention our recently announced planned executive succession and management transition. As described in the press release effective March 1, 2020 Matt will become the Chief Executive Officer and will be elected to the Board of Directors. At the same time, I will become Executive Chairman of the Board and will remain as a member of the management team and Jim Whelan our current Executive Chairman will retire from the management team and will continue to serve on the Board of Directors. These changes early next year will continue the succession and transition in leadership, long contemplated and developed under target ongoing management succession plan. Of course, developed with an approved by Targa's Board of Directors. Matt is ready for and largely already performing his next role. And I look forward to continuing to work with him, the Executive Team and Targa's Board of Directors as Executive Chairman. On behalf with the entire Targa's team, I want to take this opportunity to thank Jim Whelan for his dedicated service and invaluable contributions on the management team and as a member of our Board across Targa's history. It is a privilege to work alongside Jim. Although it is hard for me to imagine Jim not being a part of the management team, we expect to continue to benefit from his wisdom as a readily accessible and highly interested Board member. So, kicking off the prepared remarks. It continues to be a special time at Targa with multiple important growth projects recently online and we look forward to increasing cash flow contributions from these highly strategic assets now online. Especially important our Grand Prix NGL pipeline, which just started flowing NGLs all the way to Mont Belvieu. We announced that we were building Grand Prix more than two years ago and is the largest and clearly most strategic single project in Targa’s history now having the pipeline in service as the realization of our integrated vision and a lot of hard work by many Targa people. Thank you to everyone who has been involved in the key project for Targa, it really underpins our excitement about the near-term and along - for our Company. With our premier assets customer reputation in both our gathering and processing business and our downstream NGL business with the Grand Prix pipeline further integrating those businesses and with talented leadership and employees Targa is exceedingly well positioned for the future. With that, I will now turn it over to Matt.
Joe Bob Perkins: Sure. Yes we are obviously working very hard to keep 2019 CapEx, we actually worked very hard to keep it at the 2.3, but with the cost over around it, it moved to 2.4. As we look out the kind of capital that we have been describing as adding additional fractionation train, which now in Train 7 and Train 8 that is obviously going to be capital that is spent next year, adding additional processing plants, adding the Gateway plant. We got the Falcon plant out in the Delaware, the Peregrine plant. I would say as we look out kind of over the near-term what we see in terms of capital spending is more normal. Capital spending associated with our core integrated strategy which is gathering and processing, largely going to be in the Permian basin and then additional fractionation and export those projects are for the most part already announced and included in what we are planning for 2020.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, exactly. We are going to benefit from really both of those items going forward. One we will have shorter-term transportation agreement that we had entered into to move NGLs while Grand Prix was being built. So those are going to continue to roll off. So we will be able to continue to just move volumes off other pipes onto Grand Prix, but we are also going to benefit from our new gathering and processing plant being put in place as most of those NGL are going to be pointed towards Grand Prix and then into our fractionation and export. So we will be benefiting on it really from the full value chain as new processing plants gets put online.
Joe Bob Perkins: I think Shneur you have also described the ongoing discipline that the team is using. Yes, pushing the frack trains out a little bit for it saves some labor costs. And yes, we announced the Gateway that is right about on time, not pushing it out, because the volumes are causing that. That is the disciplined framework that the management team is using.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes. So we are still working through timing, on both the Midland basin and on the Permian side. You know we have already got two announced sort of yet to come on the Delaware side of things. So there is potentially another point in that timeframe out in Delaware potentially and so there could be potentially another plant point on the Midland side. So I think that is still a reasonable estimate, having three plants come online in that timeframe, but again talk about - we are still really working through going over producer volumes forecast, moving that into our forecasts and trying to stage so the plants at that is a correct time.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, I mean, really, for us having GCX online, we are going to benefit much like the producers are going to benefit which is higher Waha prices out in the Permian. So you saw our realizations, relatively low producers have the same effect here, recently, prices are still low. So we are greatly looking forward to GCX coming online, and we will see higher Waha prices, which will benefit us on the equity side of our volumes.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, so it will be a mix. It's not necessarily going to be all transported down GCX. But our equity volumes will benefit, even if they are not moving down GCX just from the uplift in Waha prices from GCX.
Joe Bob Perkins: Well, what I would say is, again, we were highly utilized during the second quarter, we moved about seven million barrels per month during the second quarter, somewhere around 231,000 barrels a day. Our focus continues to be to complement our export business as it relates to our overall platform our G&P business that feeds into Grand Prix that feeds in - and through our storage, through our fractionation business. And then all the way down to our dock for Galena Park for exports. As I said earlier, the projects that we took and underway to the bottlenecks the facility, a lot of those projects were geared more towards butane, our ability to export butane at higher volumes. So depending upon what the mixture is of propane's and butanes we will kind of dictate whether or not we are hitting the nine million or 10 million barrels of export volumes during the fourth quarter. Once we enhance that even more with refrigeration unit in the third quarter of next year. That provides us even further opportunities. So we were highly utilized, most of that was related to term business. So I would not say that were exposed what the ARB is because we have got fee base related contracts that are going to flow in though our business and so the volumes have to move offshore when you think about incremental volumes of production of propane and butane.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, so good question and it is difficult as we are going through and allocating capital and trying to allocate the capital to the highest return projects. I think as Jen said, we are looking it at a top-down thing we are trying to move towards that free cash flow so we don't need to issue anymore equity and go towards free cash flow. So that is our starting point and then we look at what is the best use and how do we balance the capital between investing and gathering and processing projects and another projects in downstream. Our focus has been and really will continue to be what is along the core value chain, where we can earn margin on a gathering and processing side on transportation, fractionation and export. So those are the lenses that we are using as we think about growth capital into 2020 but we are starting with what financial metrics are we are going to try and hit in 2020 were reasonable targets that we can have to move towards that free cash flow as soon as possible.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, sure. I think, as we have said in the prepared comments, and I will just kind of reiterate maybe expand a little bit on those, we saw really good volumes on the G&P side across our Permian business. So we saw a good growth in the Midland side, really good growth sequentially on the on the Delaware side. I think as we look into the back half of the year, we would expect that strength to continue, as we are bringing on - Pembroke will be bringing on additional facilities here, and we are going to start-up on that plant, we have Falcon coming on. So, I think our outlook for the back half of the year, on the Permian side is continued strong growth, even exceeding our previous guidance, potentially there. So, I think we see really good growth on that side. And that is going to bode well for us on the Grand Prix volume as most of those volumes are headed towards Grand Prix into our fractionation and export.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, so our previous guidance, there was 250 to 1,000 barrels at some point in 2020. We are not officially changing that, although sitting here, giving you guidance that we are going to be at 200,000 or so in September, I would say we feel really good about hitting that. And I feel good about hitting that kind of earlier in the year versus maybe the previous guidance we gave was later in the year, right, so as we are moving forward in time and feeling better about those volumes, our volume expectations kind of continue to increase on Grand Prix volumes.
Joe Bob Perkins: Yes, I'm going to turn it over to Pat to add, but I would say we expect continued growth in the Permian in 2020, the outlook there is still very good. Pat anything you want to -...
Joe Bob Perkins: Well there is flaring issues for a number of reasons. While the flaring issues tend to be even more local and could be related to the quality of gas whether it is H2S and others. So GCX may provide some relief to that, I would expect it alleviate all of it, because things are flared for different reasons. I think with us - everyone is producing gas out there, it’s going to be a welcome addition to capacity because we know Waha prices are hovering around zero, so we need that capacity online and we are going to benefit.
Joe Bob Perkins: Sure. So it is a mix, so we have a multiple third-party I would say third-party dedications, multiple third-party MVCs on that. Depending on the producer, we have seen, I would say volume coming on not as fast as early indications when we were contracting that pipe, which is not unusual when you are getting forecasts from customers. But overall, the outlook in some of the cases catches up or even exceed as you move forward in time. But again it’s a diverse customer base. We have many customers and it’s a mix. So our volumes are going I would say even above expectations and in aggregate we have added more contracts than we estimate so even if those contracts are slightly under the volume forecast they gave us, they are still more third-party than we originally anticipated when we announced Grand Prix.
Jennifer Kneale: Sure. It is Jen. I think that from our perspective, it's premature to roll out 2020 direct sort of CapEx guidance as we did in February for 2019. What we provided last November was meant to be really instructive. It was a point in time forecast that really I think directionally demonstrates that at that point in time, what we felt like our CapEx budget would be reduced to over 2020 and 2021. We are very much focused on reducing CapEx on a go forward basis, certainly expect 2020 to be absolutely substantially lower than 2019. But we do think just that there is a lot changing, think about everything that has changed as we move through this year, that it is a little premature for us to come out with a direct sort of hard and fast number that we will certainly be holding ourselves to in 2020.
Jennifer Kneale: I think you have seen that we shifted some frack timing. So the timing of Train 8, which we shifted on our last earnings call. You see with the announcement of the Gateway plant that really on the Midland basin side volumes have exceeded our expectations. And so while we expected that we will be moving forward with that plant this year, maybe a little bit sooner than expected with the announcement today. And, so I think that when we look out across our portfolio of future sort of capital projects, to Matt's point, it feels like it is going to be very much across the core value chain. I think it will be totally easy for you to forecast when we will be adding plants and fracks just as a result of the volume growth that you are seeing across Targa, because of the integrated value chain that means as we bring on new plants, those volumes will have to go to new fracks, and so I think it would be easy for you to forecast the associated spending and timing of when we will need new facilities.
Jennifer Kneale: I think this year we forecast about 75% of our operating margin to be fee based churn and when we think about assets that has been placed in service such as Grand Prix additional frack trains, the plants out in the Delaware, certainly we are moving to a more fee-based model and that I think will become very obvious in our results really beginning in the fourth quarter and then going forward. I think that we are continuing to look across our portfolio of assets to figure out where there are opportunities to move less away from commodity price exposed contracts and more to fee based contracts and we will be continuing to do that. But that is really a practice that we have had within Targa going on for years now. And so that will continue. I think when you think the complexion of our assets in contrast, in the Midland basin where we have got largely a lot of our POP exposure, we are trying to make those contracts more fee-based or at least have more fee-based elements there and expect that would continue, but that is a slow process. So I would expect that our fee based margin will increase going forward 2020 over 2019, 2021 over 2020, et cetera, but it won’t be a sort of a monumental one-time shift that gets us to largely entirely fee-based.
Jennifer Kneale: We reaffirmed our guidance for the year and we have gout - the first half of the year is completed. And now as we move through the third quarter with Grand Prix coming online. We didn't think that it made sense for us to change our guidance. We are not expecting to change our annual guidance on a quarterly basis anyway. So, I think we detailed some of the headwinds that we have faced as we move through the year and we have got, some of the tailwinds as well. And now with Grand Prix online, feel very, very good about our fourth quarter contribution of Grand Prix to our EBITDA, increasing cash flow from other assets as utilization increases. So, really just reaffirming what is out there.
Jennifer Kneale: I think that from our perspective we have left the long-term outlook slide in our materials, largely because we find it instructive. Particularly with those that are less familiar with Targa when we have an opportunity to talk about our growth capital program that has been underway that now many of those assets are online around, it’s an easy slide to point to. I don't think that we see it as necessary for us to continue to update a multiyear outlook. I mean if you think about all the plus and minus that I have even gone through today around what has happened in 2019, that is just a difficult endeavors to undertaken and putting out a multi-term outlook every quarter. And so I think Tristan, right now we are thinking that we will put our typical 2020 guidance around our normal timeframe, which would be in February which is when we have the optimal amount of information from producers to really I think effectively predict not only EBITDA, but capital for 2020 and that is really I think the tactic that will most likely take.
Jennifer Kneale: And I think the Williams project that we announced earlier this year really highlights how we are thinking about the world of capital so that is a project that is incredibly strategic for us in terms of additional volumes on Grand Prix to our fractionation, but we approached it as it Williams, and what we both viewed as the most capital efficient way possible to get a very attractive deal done for both sides. But again, in a capital efficient manner.
Jennifer Kneale: I would suggest that you follow-up with Sanjay, obviously, the other ownership are disclosed related to Blackstone owning as 25% in Grand Prix, as well as the - that are in place. But we can walk you through all the steps associated with where that ought to increase just in terms of making sure that you are modeling our partnerships accurately and how that impacts the MCI cut back.
Jennifer Kneale: It will be a latter, so there are no obligation for us to make any payments at any point in time beyond the minimum quarterly distribution and then what Blackstone will be entitled to as a result of the 45% interest.
