Pamela Huggins: Thank you. Good morning. It's Pam Huggins speaking as he just said. I'd like to welcome you to Parker Hannifin's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2010 Earnings Release Teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Washkewicz; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Tim Pistell. As normal, let me just address a couple of administrative matters prior to beginning with the actual release. First, for those of you on the line, you may follow today's presentation with the PowerPoint slides that have been presented, and for those of you not online, the slides will be posted on the IR portion of Parker's website at phstock.com. Second, as is customary, I'd like call your attention to Slide #2. This is the Safe Harbor disclosure on forward-looking statements, and after that, if you haven't already done so, please read this in its entirety. Now moving to Slide #3, this Slide, as required, indicates that in cases where non-GAAP numbers have been used, they have been reconciled to the appropriate GAAP numbers. Moving to the agenda on Slide #4, the call will be in four parts today. First, Don Washkewicz, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer will provide highlights for the quarter. Second, I'll provide a review including key performance measures of the fourth quarter and of course concluding with the fiscal year 2011 guidance. The third part of the call will consist of the standard Q&A session, and for the fourth part of the call today, Don will close with some final comments. At this time, I'll turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to Slide #5 titled Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year '10 Highlights.
Pamela Huggins: Yes, your numbers are exactly right, and I think you're exactly right. If you look back over the restructuring that we've taken over the last three years, a significant portion of that restructuring has really been in International, so you have a couple things coming on. As you move along in the year, you have the volume coming on as well as the savings as a result of all that restructuring, so you're right.
Pamela Huggins: Actually, a portion falls in what we call below the line, and a portion falls above the line. There's about $34 million that we're going to incur next year in terms of pension expense, and there's about $12 million, I think, of that $34 million, which is above the line.
Pamela Huggins: Can we go on and then I'll get back to him on that, the one -- because it doesn't change that much year-over-year.
Pamela Huggins: David, this is Pam Huggins talking. Just to clarify numbers a little bit, and let's talk on an organic basis. When you look at the first half of 2011 versus 2010, and I'm talking at the midpoint of course, your about 14% and you have a 14% increase. When you get to the second half, you're still almost at a 2% increase. So we saw a huge increase in the first half. The second half is relatively flat with the first half, but on an organic basis, it still has an increase.
Pamela Huggins: That's right. But let me tell you, that 35%, you have to remember it's again tough comparisons. And if you look at actual orders on an absolute dollar basis on a three-month rolling going sequentially, last quarter to this quarter, that's not the type of increases that you see, David. So you do have to remember that there are some really -- you're up against tough comparables.
Pamela Huggins: Well, what I can tell you is when you look at the markets in the mobile and you look at it on a sequential basis, it's up high-single digits.
Pamela Huggins: Well, if your talking about on a sequential basis, distribution is, I would say, high-single digits. And it's pretty much in line -- we're pretty much seeing that going across industrial as well as mobile. When you look at it on a year-over-year basis, I mean obviously, mobile's up a little bit more than distribution and the industrial side of it. We saw the industrial come back very strong, okay, and then it kind of flattened out and then we saw the mobile take a big leap forward, okay? Now we're starting to see industrial come forward in Europe.
Pamela Huggins: In terms of R&D, let me just talk about that a little bit. We have a slight increase next year, not much in terms of the percent of sales. R&D has been running around about 10% of sales, and that's going to continue next year. What is happening though is commercial aftermarket and the commercial OEM, that will increase next year. What's going to happen is we're going to have some decrease on the defense side, the C-17 and F-22. I'm sure your familiar with what's happening with those programs, so we're going to see some decline in the Defense side of the business, which is going to be offset by the commercial OEM and the commercial MRO, both will be increasing. And there's a pretty good increase built in for the commercial aftermarket side, which you would expect as the revenue of passenger miles are going up.
Pamela Huggins: Yes, I mean, we think this R&D is going to continue to go down as a percentage of sales. That sales continue to increase.
Pamela Huggins: Yes, let me clarify you. Fiscal year 2010 to fiscal year 2011 is relatively flat as a percentage of sales, okay? So a very, very minimal increase. But as we go forward after fiscal year 2011, we think that the R&D is going to come down as a percentage of sales as revenue climbs.
Pamela Huggins: Out of European industrial. We're starting see the industrial side of the business pick up in Europe.
Pamela Huggins: No, because we're seeing, and you know, in all areas, it's picking up whether you look at the mobile, or the industrial, or the distribution, all three aspects of the business are increasing. I'm just talking relative.
Pamela Huggins: But Rob, one of the things that I will say is at the group level, right? The President and the group controller, they look at the accuracy of that forecast on an ongoing basis.
Pamela Huggins: And, it's Pam speaking. I'd like to say that our guidance is realistic as opposed to conservative. And then just to answer a question for Nigel Coe, I think he was the one who asked about the other category, and why didn't have third quarter to fourth quarter. I can deduct from the information that I do have that it's really mostly related to inventory valuation and currency, and we can talk further off-line about those two items. So at this time, I'll turn it over to Don with a few closing comments. And thank you very much for your participation today.
Donald Washkewicz: Thank you, Pam, and welcome to everyone on the call. I want to start with a few highlights of our performance for the past quarter and also for the past fiscal year. First of all, needless to say, we're very pleased with the way Parker employees reacted to the conditions in our global markets over the past year. Their quick and decisive actions along with our focus on the WIN Strategy and on generating cash flow allowed Parker deliver very strong fourth quarter and full year results in fiscal 2010. First, I'm going to cover just a few key points for the fourth quarter, some highlights. We had our second consecutive quarter of year-over-year increases in order rates, with a 35% increase this quarter compared with the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. This improved demand level helped us generate 26% growth in revenues for the quarter as conditions in our markets continued to improve. Importantly, our segment operating margins reached 13.9%, which is above 900 basis points above where we were just four quarters ago, representing obviously a wonderful recovery for us. Our Industrial North American segment margins in particular reached 15.7%, which is above levels we achieved in the record year of fiscal 2008. Again, this reflects our ongoing success in executing our WIN Strategy. Our incremental margins were an impressive 48%, representing the change in segment operating income as a percentage of change in revenues. Earnings per diluted share at $1.35 increased 342% from the same quarter last year, and our focus on cash generation was evident in the quarter as operating cash flow reached $377 million or 13.5% of sales, which far exceeded our 10% target. I'll make just a few comments about the fiscal '10 year. Despite being slightly down on revenues for the year, we generated increased operating margins, increased diluted earnings per share and increased cash flow from operations. As you may recall, last year this time, we projected $1.50 in earnings per diluted share, and we're certainly pleased that our actual came in at $3.40. Fiscal year 2010 total segment operating margins reached 11.4% compared with the 9.7% in fiscal 2009, so we hit that double-digit number there and exceeded our 10% target for the year. Cash flow from operations was $1.2 billion or 12.2% of sales, again, well above the 10% target that we had. Our cash flow performance really reflects our focus on working capital management throughout the year. Notably, we achieved this cash to sales ratio despite a discretionary contribution of $100 million to the company's pension plan. We used our cash to increase the quarterly dividend for the 54th consecutive year in fiscal 2010, paying out $0.26 per common share in addition to maintaining our share repurchase program. Our year-end balance sheet is very strong, with a debt to capital ratio of 28.9% and a net debt to capital ratio of about 21%, and certainly, this affords us considerable flexibility to invest in future growth for the company. So summing it up, we delivered a very strong quarter and full year for our fiscal 2010. When we look at fiscal 2011, we have issued guidance for earnings from continuing operations in the range of $3.60 to $4.40 per diluted share, and that represents about an 18% increase at the midpoint on approximately a 5% increase on sales. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Pam
Donald Washkewicz: Mark, this is Don. Just a couple of comments about how we go through the process of coming up with these forecasts. First of all, we do this at a group level and roll up the groups from the bottoms up. We certainly were not expecting any heroes for the day coming over a real strong forecast, just having come off a very, very difficult year and a recession. That's been the worst recession in 70 years. So we weren't encouraging that at corporate, and we didn't get that and rightfully so. So when you look at what we came in, when we're coming in with a 5% growth number and an 18% earnings per share growth number at the midpoint, I would say that we did capture the Street, not that we were trying to capture the Street, but we bracket it. And in fact, the Street I think said $4.30 something, and our top end of our range is $4.40. So in fact, the Street was a little bit more bullish on the top line, and if we add another $0.5 billion on the top line, I think we'll be at the top end of the range. We'll be right on the Street, so I think we're in sync here. I think the question is just, "How bullish do you want to get early in this fiscal year?" One thing we've tried to do here is make sure that no matter what happens, we make our numbers, and so as a result of that, if we were to come in with a high-end forecast, people would be spending day one as if we're going to make that high-end number, and that's a dangerous thing to do. So you may have seen this, and we're pretty consistent like this year after year. We don't really change our MO here, so we pretty much forecast the same way. You can call it conservative. You can -- so I think it's just prudent especially in light of the fact that we've just gone through this very, very difficult period. And by the way, the growth number, really is more like organic growth, is like 7% at the midpoint because of FX. We show 5% here, but we got a negative impact of 2% from FX. And at the high end of course, we'll obviously have that covered with the high end of our range. That would be delivering another $1 per share at the high end of our range, so hopefully, that sheds a little light as to how we go through the process and why we do what we do.
Donald Washkewicz: No, I don't think that's what we would assume. I think we're saying that we can see out pretty clear through the end of the calendar year, and like what we said in the past, we'll update you every quarter as far as what we're seeing beyond that. But like we did this last year, we didn't have a lot of visibility last year either, but we kept updating you on a quarterly basis as things we're rolling out. So I wouldn't say that we have a negative outlook on the year at all or on the second half or anything. We just have less visibility when you get past the end of the calendar year.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, we're basically looking -- all the groups are looking at a variety of different opportunities out there and in various stages, I should say, of review, so, yes, there's plenty out there. We're trying to be prudent here as far as what would be best for Parker at this stage, and we're going to continue. That'll be part of our cash deployment strategy as -- trying to grow the business from some acquisitions for sure.
Donald Washkewicz: That's kind of what we're seeing. Again, I think the OEMs have always operated in that mode. They really don't carry a lot of excess, at least with our products. The distribution, I think likewise. Everyone's cautious at this point in the cycle. They're replenishing to the extent that their orders are coming back, and our distribution is performing better now, and you know half of our Industrial business approximately is distribution. So they're performing better, so in fact, their stock levels are going up somewhat but again, not to the extent that they're trying to anticipate some wonderful growth coming forward. They're just trying to match their stock levels with the current level of activity.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, maybe I'd start just talking a little bit about the regions. The one area that's still pretty soft for us is Europe. We're recovering pretty well in North America. If you look at our 2008 levels, we're in almost at about 95% of 2008. Looking at 2008, I think a peak [ph] (42:55). So I think we're doing well in all of the various markets that we serve, and in North America and Europe, it's lagging. There's no question about it. Europe right now had about 80% level compared to the peak, but that's up a little bit from the last couple quarters that I've been talking to you. I think we're in the 70s, and now, we're just in the low 80s. So I think Europe's has a long way to go. I'll comment a little bit on the ISM indices here for Europe in a moment. So I think that's one of our challenges. I think if we can recover more in Europe this year, I think we're going to like the outcome that much more. The two other regions where I think where we've done a good job and are penetrating and growing market share and so forth is Latin America. We're over 100% in Latin America compared to our peak year of 2008, and then we're over 100% in Asia as well. Of course, a lot of activity going on in China. We're still very active there. We're building up a broader foundation in India. So what we look at right now is the BIC countries more so than the BRIC countries, if you will. We still have a presence in Russia, but we're going slow there just to see how that develops. But elsewhere, I think we're doing a nice job of growing the business and penetrating market and growing globally. The little bit of a softness, and Tim kind of hit on this earlier, is when we look at some of these indices, the IS index (sic) [ISM index] is down a little bit and of course, still being pretty comfortably above 50. We're -- still feel pretty good about it. It just dropped a little bit, and likewise in Europe, it dropped a little bit as well. When I mentioned the negative side of Europe is that we're down, but on the positive side, all the major countries look like they're improving now from an ISM standpoint, and we track all of these for all the major countries throughout Europe, and that would include Germany and U.K. and France, Sweden, Switzerland, what have you. So all of these major countries now really are coming back gradually, but they're -- and positive movements. So we're encouraged by that, but again, we need to see a lot more because Europe certainly did drop a lot more than North America, and it stayed down a lot longer. I think as far as our internal development efforts, we've got a very aggressive program internally here, what we call Winnovation as far as innovation. And we have a lot in the pipeline, if you will, and that holds true across all of the groups. You'd have to really come here to see all of the things, and we'll be showcasing a lot of this for our board this coming week at our board meeting, but a lot of very interesting projects going on internally that are going to -- be coming out of that funnel and adding to our sales and our growth going forward. So I'm very encouraged about that. I think everyone on the call knows that we've made great strides in the Aerospace side of our business. We won about $18 billion now of contracts on Aerospace, so we've done a lot of great work there, of course, at the expense of margins. And our margins have been compressed because of all the nonrecurring engineering that we're investing, but again, we are investing in the future of the company. So I think those are some of the points I'd make. I think our internal development programs, we're trying to fund those at higher levels so that we can continue to generate more internal organic growth for the company going forward. We have a target of 4% coming out of our funnel, which would represent either new-to-the-industry or new to the world-type products, and we're probably at about half of that level right now. And so we're going to continue to work that until we can have that and be an additive 4% of sales organically coming up with that definition.
Donald Washkewicz: I would say we've got a few years here yet. We're probably at 2% now, just in the twos, and I would say in another two, three years, we should be at that 4%. Of course, these things, when you say innovation and you snap your finger. It takes years to develop that kind of a pipeline, and we've been working at this now for about five years so I'm happy that we're as far as we are. But we can see how we're going to get to the 4%. There's no question about it. And that's, of course, higher-margin business. When you talk about new to the industry, new to our world, you don't talk a lot of competition there, at least, in the earlier years. So this should be better business for us, higher-margin business and truly a state-of-the-art type products coming out.
Donald Washkewicz: That's correct, yes. I can give you a little bit of maybe a little bit of color here on the order trends. And of course, we look at order trends in all different ways here. But I'll give you a little idea. On the 3/12 and a 12/12, when we talk about 3/12, we're talking about the last 3/12 orders, the last three months of orders over the prior year, the same three months. So that would be the index that we're talking about. And the 12/12 would the same. Last 12 months over the previous year, the same 12 months. That's a ratio. So strong or increasing trends would be in Industrial North America, Europe, as I mentioned, okay? Asian and Latin American, North American distribution, both of those trends are positive and looking strong, heavy-duty truck, of course, is, and I think everyone on the call knows about heavy-duty trucks, looking pretty good, refrigeration. Semiconductors is strong, but again, I think, they're probably at the peak, hovering, bouncing around the peak of the cycle, still at a very high level. The question is, how long will we stay at that level? The jury is still out there. Aerospace is positive, especially on the commercial side of the Aerospace business and off hire construction. The one flat area on a 3/12 and 12/12 would be off-highway farm and ag [agriculture] but on a sequential basis month-to-month, that seems like it's improving. So that would be a little bit of how we look at the orders on a 3/12, 12/12 basis. I'm just going to give you a quick rundown to show you that, there are positive things going on out there. I don't want anyone leaving this call thinking this is gloom and doom by any stretch. On a sequential basis, now these are sequential orders, it changes month-to-month as opposed to this year versus last year, these are the positives: Commercial aerospace, OEM and aftermarket, and I think you know the revenue passenger miles are still hanging in there pretty nicely. So people are flying. Military OEMs, still positive on a sequential basis, cars and light trucks, you know those levels now are going to be around $11 million, I believe, this year, which is up 37% from last year. Construction equipment is sequentially positive. Oil and gas, farm and ag, and I mentioned on a sequential basis, is positive on a 3/12 and 12/12, didn't look as, as good, so it looks like that's coming back. Mostly in general industrial markets are good. Heavy-duty truck sequentially is strong, distribution is strong, mining, residential, air-conditioning and machine tools, power gen [power generation], industry refrigeration and, of course, there's some other just kind of a handful of various markets and we serve hundreds of markets here, but those are some of the segments that would be positive sequentially. Negative would be Marine and certainly, some of the Military Aerospace Aftermarket businesses is negative on a sequential basis. Then I mentioned before flattening would be the semi-con [semi-conductor] and the commercial air-conditioning and refrigeration, part of the business. So maybe that will give you a kind of a little picture as to how things are looking. Still positive, and we're hoping that we can continue to build on this going forward.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, I think, I've mentioned the one area that's been down the most, that we're waiting to come back is Europe, okay? So when you look at a whole region, that's $3.5 billion, $4 billion of our total number. That's the one area that we're waiting to see exactly what's going to happen and fast that's going to come back. That's 80% of what it was in 2008. Most of the other regions have recovered not entirely in North America but moving in that direction. So I say that, when you say concerned, the question there is just how fast will Europe recover in this fiscal year. I'd say that would be the biggest area that we're watching very closely. A lot of the indicators are positive, like I mentioned, a lot of the ISM [Institute of Supply Management] indices and so forth, but we want to see that translate into positive orders.
Donald Washkewicz: Alex, there are still short lead times out there today. So I don't think that we're looking at anybody restocking, or destocking, or anything with respect to -- at least, I don't see that. I think they are acting prudently and they're stocking in accordance with the level of demand that they are seeing, being cautious. We're getting orders shipped tomorrow-type things because people are just putting a lot of the inventory in. So I think that demand that we're seeing is real demand. It's not a function of people putting a lot on the shelf without any demand out there. They're being very cautious. They don't want to get hurt in this upturn if this tends to slow down. So I don't see any of that all.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, this is Don. We're still getting pressure on some raw materials. I'd say the ones that would come to mind would be copper, and rubber, and steel, some of the thermal plastics, and nickel and things like that, nickel-based alloy. So that's an ongoing thing, Steve. I don't see that we're probably going to get it much relief and as the economy continues to grow, I think that it'll just continue on. Our goal is to pass it on basically as to -- we'll negotiate the best we can, we push back the best we can, we do the best we can on a procurement side. And then, of course, we've got to make it up on the other side. And I think our performance over the last five to seven years proves that we understand how to get that job done. So I don't anticipate that Parker have any major shortages or anything like that going into this period, but I do think that there's going to be more pricing pressure going forward.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, I'd say, we're going to at least offset, let's just put it that way. We will offset any cost increases with our pricing.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, we want to have a high confidence that they deliver the operating margins and the EPS, if you will, irrespective of what happens on the top line. We're going to hold their feet to the fire in getting to the bottom line, okay? And by saying that, I mean, early in the program, we don't want them just hiring a lot of people just because they forecasts some high-level top lines and how they can justify starting to spend money hiring people, spending money and so forth as if we're running at that level. We don't want them spending money at that level until we get to that level, so no. But there are, like Tim said, I think the important thing is, it's a good question that you asked, our incentives are tied to our performance against the peers for the most part, okay? They are tied to the peers. So if we get into the top quartile of performance relative to the peers, we're going to have top quartile inceptive and if we're in a midpoint, we're going to be about the middle of the pack, we'll get the middle of the pack kind of incentive. So that's how we're basically incentivized here.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, what we're saying is, number one, there has to be a good fit when this is done. There has to be a good fit with what we're trying to accomplish here. It has to be synergistic. And number two is the fact that we don't like the multiples, where the multiples got to at the peak of the last segment 2008. We don't like the levels that these properties are being sold at. We're not going to pay those kind of levels, okay? So if we need to have a return for our shareholders based on a reasonable price, a fair return and a fair price for the property. So what I mean is that people are still looking in a rearview mirror thinking that those EBITDA multiples are going to hang in there forever then, frankly, we're going do fewer deals at those levels. And I don't think that we're alone in that respect. Based on what I'm seeing out there, I think everyone is kind of looking at the same thing that, wait a second here, we're not going to have this euphoria as far as top line growth going double digits forever and then without backing into some kind of discounted cash flow that gives you some huge valuation. Those are the times of the past, okay? So we're going to be disciplined and we're going to be prudent. We're going, honestly, go after those things that have the most synergistic impact on the company, but we will not do it at any price.
Donald Washkewicz: Ann, it's still pretty early with the levels of activity over there right now. There's really not a lot of pricing, if you will, capability in Europe at these lows because they're very, very depressed yet. And I think that's going to continue until the activity levels pickup.
Donald Washkewicz: No, I think its a function of demand. Demand is so low being there about 80% of the 2008 level, that there is -- the customers are not going to be taking any price increases for the most part until they see that their demand is picking up and they can justify accepting anything there and justifying it, if you follow what I'm saying.
Donald Washkewicz: Yes, thanks. We extended the call a little bit because we got a little bit late start. So hopefully, that didn't put you in any pain with other calls that might be happening. I think you should pretty much agree that we're positioned pretty well as a company to come out of this situation a lot stronger than when we went in this recession. I think in line with Tim's comments, I'd like to just reiterate the points that we have now increased margin performance at the bottom of each of the last three manufacturing recessions and just as importantly, we have also raised the peak margins at the height of each of the last two expansions. And I think that doesn't tell the whole story either because this last recession was the worst one in 70 years. So I think having raised the bottom and raised the top in an ugly situation that we haven't seen in 70 years speaks very highly for the company. So I think that all represents or demonstrates our ability to reshape the financial performance of the company and we basically told you what we're going to do over the last five to seven years here, and we're executing, and we're doing exactly what we said we'd do so. Hopefully, our credibility is pretty well out there. It's pretty good. We're going to continue to execute all aspects of the Win Strategy as working. I think you can see what's happening. We're going to obviously focus a lot on growth and profitability as we have. We anticipate ongoing investments in R&D, international expansion. I mentioned some of the Asian region as to why we're focusing on there. Acquisitions and distribution are also going to be a focus to grow our business going forward. So with that, once again, I want to thank everyone on the call, and we certainly appreciate your interest in Parker. I also like to thank one last time the Parker employees across the world, and many of them are tuned in here for their continued commitment to serving our customers. And then just as we said in the past, Pam will be available, the balance of the day, to answer any additional questions that you may have. So with that, I'll just say goodbye and have a great day.
Timothy Pistell: Mark, this is Tim. When we give you a 48%-52% split, first half, second half, what we're giving you basically is at constant rate because that uplift from 48% to 52% we get simply from workdays. We have more workdays, and that's pretty much the math of it. So it does say that we are where we are. We've recovered collectively to -- we went from 100 down to 65. We've backed up weighted average around 90, and we're sticking at 90 right now, and frankly, that is what we're seeing there. And there are some -- the problem is, we do not know what's coming out of Washington D.C. We do not know the outcome of the elections or what else is coming out of Washington D.C. and what it's going to mean to American businesses. I go over to Europe, I got a coalition government in the U.K., may or may not hang together. We know it's parliamentary in form. We've got Merkel [German Chancellor Angela Merkel] in Germany doing the right things but under a lot of heat from a lot of people because they don't like what she's doing. So I mean I think that there is a lot of uncertainty around, and it's not just in Parker. It's everyone I talk to, so we're trying to be as prudent as we can.
Timothy Pistell: Peter, this is Tim. I think we've been pretty out and open how we run the businesses here, and the expectation is for people to operate around this 30%, MROS we call them, marginal return on sales. Now in the early phase of an upturn or downturn, the percentages will be higher. You can be caught with a 50% or something, and then overtime, it will come back, revert to the mean, so to speak, and we want people to operate to that. So with that, we'll settle down in that 30% range, and that's how we operate.
Timothy Pistell: Yes, and if I can add on, in terms of -- because it's a natural lead into what our capacity looks like, and as we're sit here today with these statements, we're looking at about $1.5 billion capacity without violating any of the parameters with the debt rating people. We are very, very protective of our debt rating and live to that. So we have about $1.5 million as we sit here today. If we assume no acquisitions and just stockpiling cash, if you will, we will probably accumulate another $1 billion worth of capacity over the course of the year. So as Don said, all groups are active again looking, but we're, of course, going to be very disciplined.
Timothy Pistell: Nigel, this is a day-to-day thing, I have to tell you. When we put this thing together and finalized it a couple of months ago, actually there was a lot of pretty bleakness out there. Now we were going through a lot of positive -- it's 15 [ph] (35:40), and maybe we were being too prudent, once again, on the last few days this week and talking to our peers and seeing what they're saying. Again, I think it's -- but that's it. We will lose. We lose workdays. We have the vacation, the holiday shutdowns coming in this first half. We've got the Thanksgiving, Christmas. We naturally do have a drop off, and again, I guess we're seeing some indicators frankly that've been dropping off again here recently. Things of that -- it's not sustaining on an upward trend. There are things that are leveled off flat, and we've even seen a couple of things downtick. So I think that at the end of it, we're hoping that at the end of the day we're going to prove that we were conservative, overly prudent. But then again, there are definitely some signs that, yes, concern us here and there.
Timothy Pistell: Well, the Parker orders in particular and again, reflecting some of the macro. But yes, some of the markets which were recovering and quite strong and so forth, we've seen a little bit of them coming off of those increases, so I think it's hard to call. That's the problem. It's just very hard to call. We have good visibility. We feel very good about the first two quarters we're given, yes, but it's really difficult to predict those Qs three and four.
Timothy Pistell: This is Tim. Let me just carry on. What we have said historically before the downturn is that you can always anticipate us probably incurring $0.10 to $0.12 of restructuring every year. We feel that's just a normal part of doing business and doing what you have to do to run the company over the long term. We basically have doubled that here now through this downturn. It's going to be three years in a row where we have doubled that. Now why, do you ask, is this carrying over the next year? Because a lot of it, frankly, it is not here in North America. It is in Europe because things are -- and sometimes, they take longer to get done, and they can be expensive. But this is sort of the last round, and we hope to get it done this year. We couldn't, and so it's going to roll over into next. After next year, I think we should drop down to at the rate you've been seeing through this downturn.
Timothy Pistell: Sure. In general terms here, we still expect that we can do a little -- now there's a difference between our metrics sort of -- and then the absolute dollars, but we've done a great job on our days sales outstanding, receivables. We think there is a little bit more room to improve on that. We've done an even better job in inventory, but a lot of that is really a function of your cost of goods sold that you're calculating. But once again, we think that we can do better there. Now we think that again, some cases these dollars will go up but as a percentage of sales improve. The one thing we did this year which -- a tremendous job on is in the payables area, and that helped a lot in the working capital, and we definitely think there's some more room there. So that's kind of the three major components on the working capital. On the fixed asset, we think we'll get back up next year to a level where our CapEx expenditures are pretty well equal to depreciation, which is around 2.5% of sales. That's where we were before the downturn. Everyone pulled the horns in with the downturn, and I think this last year, we only spent 1.2%, 1.3% of sales. But I think it'll get back into a balanced-type situation of 2.5%, which is far below where we historically would run through an expansion, but that's what it looks like.
Timothy Pistell: Yes, the dollars were -- they're very close to the same. So the big difference is that the actual payout on CapEx will pop up again to around that level.
Timothy Pistell: Yes, the way we get measured around here is cash flow from operating activities less that CapEx. That's how we do it. We exclude dividends because sometimes our investors get sensitive of the -- they think we're going to take a bad decision that hurts their dividends. So we leave the dividends out, so it is cash from ops less CapEx.
Timothy Pistell: Alex, this is Tim. If I could sort of step up of sort of at more macro-level. So what I'm hearing out there and I was even in New York, had a CFO conference and speaking with a lot of CFOs, not just in machinery industrial, but all sectors and it was pretty much universal and that the issue is that nobody knows what's coming. People haven't even sorted through this healthcare legislation, understand what it means to them financially. We're talking about cap and trade on energy again, and no one knows if that's going to happen or not. No one understands what they're doing on the income taxes, and are we going to let the Bush expire? Are we going to put the Bush in? Are we going to change other things? Now buried in some of these bills are some very terrible legislation. If you're a multinational company, it would severely impact those companies who have a significant percentage of their business offshore, which we do, which is sort of a strategic imperative, and I can go on and on. So we don't know, and that's the thing. And so until people cannot be optimistic or confident, which you need for recovery, a sustained recovery, people cannot be optimistic and confident until they have some certainty. That's the one thing markets hate. And we don't have certainty. And so first of all, we have to have certainty. We got to get people confident, and they got to then want to go borrow money and, of course, the bank has got to loan the money, want to loan the money, which isn't an easy thing to do for a lot of people. So I mean it really, there's a macro overhang here that has us all perplexed. And frankly, the relationships between business in Washington now are the worst I've seen in 42 years. And everyone I talk to says the same thing. And so that's the problem, that's the overhang. If you guys can give us some certainty out of Washington and I'm not saying which one would hold on an issue. It's just these are just nothing is certain and we never know what to expect week to week. And so that's the atmosphere we're dealing in, Alex.
Timothy Pistell: Well, that's a good question, Alex. And I think you're right. I mean, as I said earlier, you can start on the up or down, you can start with like plus 50 or minus 50. And then it will stay to the 40s, 30s, goes on long enough, it get to the 20s, of course, you're reverting. But the target on the operating margin, we have said, is 15%. And then we have now, we're trying to do 15% over the cycle. And we have analyzed that in order to get to 15% over the cycle, we have to do a couple of things. First thing we have to do is in the good days, not stop at 15%. We have to get to 16% or 17% in the good day. And then in the bad days, we don't want to go below 12%, let's say, all right? So you raise the ceiling, you raise the floor. Now that leaves me into something that I'm very glad you asked that question because it's all about managing cyclicality, and we talked to you before that we thought we were prepared in the downturn and that we were not going to fall off a cliff like we did before. Interesting, I just want to give you some statistics here. I went back through this period here so, okay, fiscal '08 was a boom year, great year. '09, '10, were really tough. '11, we're looking for an improvement coming out of it. And just, I went back and compared the same comparable years in the last downturn and that would be fiscals '01, '02, '03 and '04. '01 was still a boom year, '02 and '03 were struggles, '04 was a recovery. When we went in '08 that boom year, our operating margin was 230 basis points higher than it was in '01, which was the boom year before that downturn. We started that, we were 230 basis points better. In '09 when we went down, we did go down. We went from 119 to 88, but it was 320 basis points better than the first year of the downturn the time before. So this year, '10, the second year of this downturn, we generate 10.4, that's 450 basis points better than the second year of the downturn '03. And now, of course, we're looking at the recovery and we're giving enough here. So I think that we've been talking about it. If you can talk the talk, you need to walk the walk. I think that we have done that, and I am so proud of our people that they have been able to raise the ceiling, raise the floor, anywhere from 230 to 450 basis points. So I think it is -- we got to keep going, and you can't raise the ceiling if you don't raise the floor. I think we've done that. We've proven that. So hopefully onwards and upwards but I can say, right now, we're pretty confused out here.
Timothy Pistell: Yes, sir. Lean is absolutely embedded into the Win. And the one last thing that we talked about cash and I would just, again, just the five years of the experience in '04 to '08, our cash flow from operating activities with 10.0%. That's what it average, 10%. These two years, these horrible years, the worst we've seen, they've averaged 11.6%.
Timothy Pistell: David, this is Tim. I'm really struggling here because what you're saying and what we got here because we're not giving -- I'm seeing the first quarter of next year forecast, first quarter of next year, is up considerably $400 million or so over the Q1 of the prior year. I'm seeing Q2 of next year being up like $300 million over the prior year, and I'm seeing Q3 being up a couple hundred million over and then I see Q4 of next year kind of beyond. Not a whole lot different than the Q4 of this year. But I got -- although very strong increases from year-over-year. Now...
Timothy Pistell: I'm taking about year-over-year. Sequentially, if we're going off the fourth quarter of this year to the first quarter of next year, yes, it's down a bit. It is down a bit, and that's simply because of the summer months or vacation shutdown. So anyway.
Timothy Pistell: No, again as I say, it's the numbers that I given you were before the currency impact, which I think Don gave you which is built in and is significant. No, and as you know, when we said we are looking at things again, we have a strong balance sheet, we have capacity and we're looking at things again. But we're going to be very disciplined on what we look at and what we think about acquiring.
Timothy Pistell: Yes, that's exactly right. And I think as Don point out earlier and we tell you that we have other bites. We'll have other opportunity come back and recalibrate this thing. But right now, that's our issue. Our real concern, Eli, is Q3 and Q4.
Timothy Pistell: Yes, Ron, Tim Pistell. There is a nominal -- again, when we roll it all up because, of course, it's all very specific to the situation. When you collectively roll it up, there is a modest assumption on price increase in there. Positive price increase, yes.
Timothy Pistell: None, whatsoever. Actually, we did see our compensation and the key components, one, is based on cash flow. Another one is based on return on net assets, all actuals. Those are the two key short term for longer term of the share price. And then at sales growth, earnings growth and ROIC. And none of that -- and that's how we do versus the peers is not how we do it to a plan.
Timothy Pistell: I think it compares well. I mean '04 was a recovery year, but it wasn't a -- and it was one that they continued, of course, into '05 and '06, a little different, but it was a nice uptick. It was around a 10% increase in volume in that case and we picked up a couple hundred basis points on the operating margin. We went from 5 9 to 7 9, and this from '10 to '11, we're looking at only a 5% increase out of '10 and we're picking up, looks like about, 100 basis points. So it seems to hang together pretty well that way.
