Todd Leombruno: Thank you, Paul. Good morning and thanks to everyone for joining. This is our fiscal year 2022 Q3 earnings release webcast. As Paul said, this is Todd Leombruno, I am Chief Financial Officer. And as usual, with me today are Tom Williams, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Lee Banks, our Vice Chairman and President. Today, we are going to discuss forward-looking projections and also, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 in our deck details our disclosure statement on these areas. Actual results may differ from our projections due to uncertainties listed in these forward-looking statements, and those are detailed in all of our SEC filings. Reconciliations for all the non-GAAP measures, along with this presentation, have been made available under the Investors section on parker.com, and those will remain available for one year. I'd like to remind everyone before we begin that we are still bound by the requirements of the UK Takeover Code in respect to discussing certain details of the pending Meggitt transaction. As for the call today, as usual, we'll start with Tom discussing some key items for the quarter. I'll follow up with some additional color on our Q3 results and detail the increase to our guide that we issued this morning with all of our press releases. We'll finish the call with any questions you have for Tom, Lee or myself. And with that, we are now on slide 3. And Tom, I'll hand it over to you.
Todd Leombruno: Yes. Jeff, thanks for that question. On the deal contingent hedge, what we did is we locked in a pound-dollar rate. I think we did that in September time period. Obviously, a lot has changed across the world and the economic landscape since then. We still are confident that, that was the right thing to do. It has made our certain fund process as we go through the transaction certainly much clearer and much easier. Most recently and you've seen the pound to the dollar, really the pound weakened and the dollar strengthened. That has created these accounting transactions that we have to record each quarter. So from an economic value standpoint, we're working through that right now. Obviously, there's a lot of moving pieces with the valuation of the purchase price accounting of all that stuff. But we're confident that we're going to like the results that we have. As far as the financing goes, we've done a lot of work on this with our team, with our advisers on this. And really, what we found is the increasing interest rate environment is pretty much priced into the market. So just on a high level, the way we are attaching that is really based on our strong cash flows. We are just leaning towards more of a mix of serviceable debt on the transaction. So, when you look at this compared to the last large deals that we've done, the financing plan is basically using the same methodology, and they're about the same costs in total. So more to come on that, Jeff, but we feel good with where we're at in respect to financing and the pending transaction.
Todd Leombruno: Yeah. David, I can take that one. This is Todd. We probably still have another two quarters to get through that. If you remember, we just started calling that out last quarter. This is the second quarter we've called it out. So we've got two more quarters to go.
Todd Leombruno: Yeah. We actually are improving margins from Q3 to Q4. We did 21.9% in Q3, and we're right at 22.2% for Q4. So there is expansion there.
Todd Leombruno: Yeah. Nigel, this is Todd. I don't think I could comment on that. We are bound by the code. We did mention, I believe, on the call, there's a significant mix of the Meggitt business that is in the U.S. That obviously is dollar-based. So I think I'll leave it at that. But I...
Todd Leombruno: Hey, Julian, I would just add to that. If you remember, at the pandemic when we made our adjustments, aerospace made the most aggressive adjustments from a cost basis. So we have obviously benefited from that throughout this year. Those costs are not coming back. So that would be another change from this year versus pre-pandemic levels.
Todd Leombruno: Okay. That concludes our Q3 earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today. Robin and Jeff are going to be here today if you have any further questions or if you'd like to congratulate Robin personally. I would just like to make sure everyone knows, Robin will be here through December 31 of this calendar year. So you definitely have time to congratulate her, hopefully in person, as we go throughout the year, and she'll be here for the next couple of calls as well. So that is it. I'd like to thank everyone for their interest in Parker, and thanks again for joining us today. Thank you.
Tom Williams: So I'm going to just pile on, while we have Robin blushing and embarrass her even more. She's just done a great job. I've had a chance to work with her for 20 years. If I think about her deal-making skills and what she did when she led M&A, her ability to finance all these transactions, which isn't the easiest thing. And like Todd said, the Investor Relations and you've all experienced it, her ability to be the top spokesperson for the company, just outstanding. We're going to miss her. But thankfully, she's given us lots of lead time here, and she's not leaving until the end of the year. And we'll get every ounce out of her that we possibly can on these next several months. She's nodding her head in agreement. So last slide, slide 16. We have a highly engaged team. They're the people behind these results. Their ownership, their engagement that drove the -- is driving our success. You saw the EPS and the margin expansion, just phenomenal, speaks to the Win Strategy, speaks to the portfolio changes. We are a longer-cycle, more resilient company. And we've got great alignment to the secular trends that I referred to earlier. And we're going to help the world, as it moves to the clean technologies to be more sustainable. We gave you a new guide -- new feedback on where we’re headed for FY 2027, with the continued improvement across the board and really a transformed company with a bright promising future. Again, my thanks to everybody in the global team, just a fantastic quarter, fantastic year-to-date. And I'm going to turn it back to Paul to start the Q&A.
Tom Williams: Scott, it's Tom. Supply chain is still a challenge. I would characterize it, if I take chips, I'll come back to chips in a second, that has stabilized, but stabilized still at a fairly inefficient level. It really hasn't shown much improvement over the last several quarters nor are we forecasting that. Obviously, we're not forecasting very far out here as the rest of our fiscal year. But I think it's going to be a challenge as we go into the calendar -- rest of the calendar year. What we did see worsen was chips, and that continues to be a challenge. But I think why you've seen us perform maybe better than most has been our ability to -- we're local for local. Our supply chain has been built around that for years. And while we continue to want to localize even more, we kind of had a running start against a lot of this. We've been active on trying to increase tool sourcing. And our engineers -- we spent a fair amount of time with our engineers working to develop alternative materials that would be qualified with our customers. Our materials are either more readily available, especially in the chipset qualifying alternative chips, and some of our engineered materials products or some of the chemicals, et cetera, were difficult to get. We've been qualifying alternative materials there. So I would put saying doing all of the above and just an awful lot of elbow grease and work in the factories, in the warehouses to make this work. This is not the easiest environment, but the team did a great job with it.
Tom Williams: Scott, it's Tom again. I think it does change a little bit. I think it thins out because I think there's fewer people that can do the kind of things that we can do in that area. The fact that we've already developed a lot of these cryogenic solutions puts us in a running start with that. Yes, we had to look at hydrogen birdman to make sure that there's material compatibility, which we're doing. And then our -- the advancement we've had in engineering materials and the fact that we have that technology in addition to all the other technologies, because the big -- like I mentioned, the big challenge with hydrogen is sealing a molecule because it's much smaller and prone to leaking and to a point volatile. And so we're doing investments as we speak. We just looked at that early this week. We had a clean tech review with all of our groups. And we're investing right now so we can be ready for when that does come to market.
Tom Williams: Well, I think in North America -- Mig, it's Tom. I think North America -- Mig, it's Tom. I think North America has gotten on top of the horse, so to speak. The supply chain challenges we had were the most pronounced in North America. They had more work to do, more work to do on logistics, on dual sourcing, on qualifying alternative materials versus the other regions. And I think you see the benefit of sometime and good work by all the teams, which was evidenced in their MROS is improving as you go through the course of the year and then having their best ROS quarter to date and leading really all the segments. So, North America clearly has gotten on top of that, made a lot of progress to that vantage point. There is good volume improvement really across the world. Obviously, I think most of that volume improvement has been in North America and in aerospace. Because aerospace with their long-term contracts were somewhat shielded from the inflation pressures there. So, they benefit from the volume as well.
Tom Williams: Well, on EMEA, I would say -- again, it's Tom. It's probably too soon to know for sure how the whole rush Ukraine process is going to play through. Obviously, Russia and our hearts go out to the Ukrainian people. And we've done an awful lot of our philanthropic work has been to help all the people that are involved in there. But it's small sales for us. It's immaterial from a -- of course, the human toll is huge. Sales tolls is immaterial. But our orders for -- if I look at Q3 versus Q2, we're roughly the same. They were in the low teens. I'm talking about EMEA. We do forecast sales -- sales, you break out the international piece in EMEA was 13% for Q3. We are forecasting it to soften in Q4 to 5%. So, we do anticipate some moderation there. Some of it is comp, some of it is based on what we're seeing with the orders, and that's all baked into our guide. But I think to fully understand what the second derivative is of all the Ukrainian war, I think we're going to need more time to see how that plays through.
Tom Williams: Jeff, it's Tom. It's hard to predict that. But we've had a lot of discussions with the UK government. There's a couple of tracks there. There's the economic considerations, which are really the things we had at 2.7, the national security considerations that were in [indiscernible] in a number of discussions with them. And then you have their antitrust process as well. And I can't predict who will go first, just that the list of who's in the outbox is increasing. And this all bodes well that we're getting closer to the end. And I think you'll see them probably all kind of go roughly in about the same time frame would be my guess.
Tom Williams: Jamie, it's Tom. So I'll start with the first one, Q4 is nationally our highest margin in aerospace, typically based on shop visits and the exposure with the summer, et cetera, for aircraft and engines. And then also, it's been driven by the commercial MRO activity increasing because it's growing at the fastest rate. That happens to be our highest margins, which is why you see that performing like they do. Now coming back to -- this question happens all the time as far as, well, how will Parker do during the next recession. And I'm hoping if you go to that slide that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's my favorite slide that shows the margin and EPS expansion. That has two note recessions: the pandemic, and of course, everything we're experiencing today, all in it. And you've seen us move pretty much at a 45-degree angle. So I think you could rest assured that this team has proven its resilience to weather any recession. And we'll -- if it happens, we'll weather it the same way we have in the past. But I would argue to your point that the company is significantly different. In Investor Day, we went through the longer view of the company between the Win Strategy and how the portfolio has dramatically changed. Now we doubled the size of engineered materials, filtration and aerospace, and that's going to allow us to grow differently. And when we showed you that five-year vision, if you -- those who maybe didn't see it, there was a mix of short, long and aftermarket. And when we get out to FY 2027, I add up the long and aftermarket, it's roughly 85% of our sales mix. So that's going to have us operate much differently. Now if you go to civil time, I don't care about five years. I'm worried about what's happened in the next 12 months or so. I think I would come back to our ability to perform is proven in good times and bad times. And we have the benefit of the beginning of our commercial aerospace recovery, which is going to help us. We have that linkage to the secular trends much more so than we have in the past, which is, okay, they could get impact, and I'm talking about electrification, digital, aerospace and clean tech, but they're probably not going to get impacted the same as any of the traditional end markets. We have Meggitt coming on board, so we get a lift from the acquisition just from an incremental revenue there. We're going to have the synergies, et cetera. And we have a company that is dramatically leaner or agile proven by what we've done the last seven years. So we're ready -- the last quarter, I was being sarcastic when I was referring to it as a normal quarter. I think, if anything, we've proven to be very resilient team and the ability to be flexible, nimble and I think you'll see that going forward.
Tom Williams: David, it's Tom. So I'll start with the full production comment in China. If you notice, we put Q1. We didn't say July. We said Q1. And the first thing I'll say is it's an educated guess. Obviously, I'm no smarter than anybody else. And only President Sheen [ph] knows when those lockdowns are going to turn around. However, a couple of things. Just part of what we have to do when we forecast is use some pragmatic thinking a little bit of history. So we go back to when China went through it, the beginning of COVID, it had a pretty rapid rebound compared to the other regions. So some of that was factoring equation. And then just thinking about the practicality, how long can you practically keep people locked up in their apartments and their homes, and it started middle of March. And so there's a point of diminishing returns here, where people are going to have to come back, the factories are going to have to come back. And so our best guess is sometime in Q1 of FY 2022 that seen its July, could be August, it could be September, and I could be wrong. And it took we had to pick a time. The whole point I was making about that comment is that it's temporary. This is not a permanent situation in China. Then if we look at FY 2023 and if we look at China, we would make up whatever happens here in the next several months because we have another 12 months ahead of us to make up with that. Now in your comment related to end markets, we have over 90% of the end markets positive. And virtually, with the exception -- everything is positive with the exception of aerospace, military and power gen. And that's our outlook for Q4, feels the same. And the pressure curves look good, we still feel very good about what's going on. Broad-based, I would describe it.
Tom Williams: Okay. So well, margins total for the company 22.2% is what the effective Q4 guide is. We did 22.2% last year, last Q4. And we see expansion in North America. North American markets expand. Aerospace margin expands. And then Asia, international margins expand -- declined a little bit, still coming in our implied guidance right around 21%, and that's because of the China shutdown. So really good margin expansion in the areas outside of the China shutdown. And then on the top line, Todd preferred to this that we bumped up North America organic guide by 300 bps of going prior guide to new guide, bumped up aerospace by 50. And of course, we took down international. So maybe to calibrate people, the effect of the China shutdowns, we would throw -- we would increase total guide from Q4 by 250 bps, if that was running normal. And the total international will go up 650 bps. So it's a pretty big impact, which is weighing down international.
Tom Williams: Steve, it's Tom. I'm going to probably not make any specific comments about 2023. I think you can appreciate there's a lot of things that changed. We're one of the first companies to get -- has the good fortune to talk about 2023, and so I won't talk about it a month sooner than I need to. However, in general, when I've articulated incrementals, they tend to inflect at your highest point at the beginning of an upturn. They start to moderate, and then you use 30% over-the-cycle type of number. And then once you're deeper in the cycle, it would go below 30%. So we'll see as the numbers roll up and as we forecast. But I continue to -- we gave you our five-year look. I think we had incrementals in that low 30s over the course of the next five years to get to those five-year targets. And so that's -- we need to do that consistently somewhere over the next five years to hit those five-year targets. And you've seen our track record on doing that. We are pretty good about our say-do ratio on the five-year targets. So we'll see what happens, but the company is clearly in better shape and better condition to generate those incrementals.
Tom Williams: Hi Nigel, its Tom, yes, $100 million, we will recover sometime in FY 2023. And obviously, we'll embed that when we give you the guide here in August. But when I think about the markets across the regions in Q3, I'll just give you the reasons. This is all organic numbers, I've given you. In both North America and EMEA, in mid-teens; Latin America, upper teens; aerospace, 6%; and then, Asia was in the low single digits. And Asia Pacific was impacted because of China. China was down mid-single digits. The rest of Asia was up high-single digits. And that's how you get to the Asian number. But when you look at end-markets, it's pretty much across the board. As I mentioned on David's question, we have strength in 90% of our end markets. The only market decline was aerospace, military and power gen. So it's very broad-based. If I looked at even higher, distribution and industrial both growing about the same rate and a little bit slower, but it's been across all the segments.
Tom Williams: So, Julian, it's Tom. What's driving aerospace, if I just give you the two key components, is the commercial recovery. Our growth in Q3 commercial MRO was plus 31%, and commercial OEM was plus 21%. So those two, we get to the full year, plus 27% for commercial MRO, plus 17% for commercial OEM. And I think actually, when I look at my numbers, we bumped aerospace up 50 bps in Q4 versus the prior guide. So we see aerospace as positive. The order entry, again, once we cycle over the multiyear military order, which we've been trying to give you visibility to that, that was plus 20%. I mean the orders we had, commercial OEM was over 100%, commercial MRO was 60%, so gigantic orders. And what you get right now offsetting that is the military piece, which everybody tracks out the companies. The military piece for supplier health, a lot of the OEMs pulled in military business into FY 2021, which makes the comparable in 2022 difficult. But we'll cycle through that, and military will eventually get back to kind of a low single-digit type of growth. So I'm very bullish on aerospace. Obviously, we don't have any of the Meggitt synergies and that kind of stuff into it now. But we have the same goal for aerospace as we do for everybody else, trying to get to 25% ROS over the next five years. And we've got a great acquisition in Meggitt, which we've shown what that synergies brings that Meggitt business up to 100% EBITDA once we get the end of those synergies. So we have a lot of things that will help us with aerospace.
Tom Williams: Well, in the current quarter, it was light, mainly due to timing, nothing unique there. I would say, in general, it's a tad light or it's going to be 2.5% to 3% for this fiscal year. It's going to probably be more in that 3% to 4% range, if I go over that 5-year period of time. But you won't see that hit in any material quarter -- material way, like a specific quarter or specific year. It's going to -- over that period of time, we'll grow the MRO. And we're on still the R&D. And so by historical standards, that's a pretty efficient R&D spend versus what we were at the beginning of the super cycle for aerospace.
