Todd Leombruno: Thank you, Carmen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Parker's fiscal year 2022 Q4 earnings release webcast. As Carmen said, this is Todd Leombruno, Chief Financial Officer speaking. And as usual, with me today are Tom Williams, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Lee Banks, Vice Chairman and President.  Today, our discussion will address forward projections and non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 of the presentation provides details to our disclosure statement in these areas. Actual results may differ from our projections due to uncertainties listed in these forward-looking statements and detailed in our SEC filings. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP measures, along with this presentation, have been made available under the Investors section at parker.com and will remain available for one year. In respect to the Meggitt transaction, while we expect this transaction to close in of fiscal year 2023, that's our current quarter, we are still down by the requirements of the UK Takeover Code in respect to discussing certain details. We do plan to hold an investor call shortly after the close to provide expanded color on the transaction once the regulations allow. For the call today, we will start with Tom discussing the fourth quarter and our fiscal year 2022 full year results. And I'll follow with a brief financial summary and review some of the assumptions around our initial fiscal 2023 guidance that we issued this morning. After that, we'll finish the call with the Q&A section for any questions you have for Tom, Lee or myself. So with that, Tom, I'll turn it over to you and ask everyone to refer to Slide number 3.
Todd Leombruno: Yes, it's a good question. You're right. The majority of that $0.25 is related to the longer-term debt that we issued, there is a slice of some CP in there, but the vast majority of that is the bonds that we issued in peat. And you're right, we will give you a full look at the financing and the interest of layout post close, and we'll fill in the rest of the quarters for the year on that. 
Todd Leombruno: Yes, Jeff, I think -- I don't know if we can answer that, Jeff. We're still kind of looking at that. Obviously, post close, that will be part of what we give color on.
Todd Leombruno: Joe, I'll just add a little bit of color on Q1. Obviously, you called out the additional interest expense that we try to highlight there. But tax rate is a big issue. If you look at our Q4 tax rate it had those discrete items in there. We are guiding to 23%. And then you know this is a normal thing, but we do recognize a higher amount of equity-based comp in Q1. So if you're doing a walk that other line is higher than what we normally have in Q4.
Todd Leombruno: Yes. Tom, I would just add on capital -- working capital as a focus. We talk about it every week. Our teams are very dedicated to it and really did a fantastic job in Q4.
Todd Leombruno: David, I would just add on the margin walk throughout the year, currency does come into effect that a little bit, right? So we have a little bit more headwind in the first half and it kind of normalizes as we get to the second half just because the comps become a little bit easier on those currency changes. I'm just looking at the margin walk, it's a very similar progression Q1 to Q4 versus what we did this year as well. 
Todd Leombruno: Yes. Nigel, this is Todd. We are complete with the financing program for that. The one element of that is that $2 billion delayed draw term loan that we will pull once we get more clarity on the close date. So that's really the last piece -- and it's already set. We just have to wait until we get some clarity on close.
Todd Leombruno: Yes. Nigel, it's a good question. What our plan on that is to come back to you once we close, and we've got some clarity on what the rates happen to be. We will lay that all out for you in very good detail.
Todd Leombruno: Julian, this is Todd. It's a great question. We obviously are very proud of our cash flow performance that we just finished in FY '22. We do see a little upside of that in FY '23. Obviously, the growth isn't as great as the growth period that came through. teams continue to manage working capital. So I think you'll see a slight increase in that. We'll give you a little bit more color once we get some of the Meggitt details on what it does for the whole company. Obviously, on the integration here the stub here, there will be some pressure on the total company free cash flow just as we get through the acquisition. But core company will be very similar to what we did last year with a little upside.
Todd Leombruno: All right. This concludes our FY '22 Q4 earnings webcast. We really do appreciate all your support, all your interest in Parker. Like we said, we will do another one of these shortly once we get through close. Robin and Jeff are obviously here all day. If you have any further questions once again, I thank everyone for joining, and we will talk to you soon. .
Tom Williams: So just to wrap things up before we open up Q&A. It was a record FY '22, probably easier to say, well, it was not a record. There were so many records to speak of. a challenging environment, just my congratulations to the entire global team for just a job well done. It's been our people, the portfolio changes and the second bullet there, the changes we made on the Win Strategy specifically on Strategy 3.0 that have driven over this period of time, 800 basis points, almost 800 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion. We're positioned to perform well in FY '23, and it's really because of the remaining items you see on this page the last three bullets. The portfolio is dramatically different, reshaped from where it was in the past with Meggitt closing in this quarter. Very few companies are going to be in a position to add a great company tied to future growth and synergies that we will be able to do. And then we're positioned for growth with the secular trends, aero, digital, clean tech and electrification. So hopefully, you feel, as you've seen in our numbers, a transformed company with a promising future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Carmen to open up to Q&A.
Tom Williams: Jeff, it's Tom. Thank you for the question. Yes, we feel very good about Meggitt's results. They're growing faster actually than we had expected in faster than Parker Aerospace. They grew at 11% for the last six months. Their EBITDA held in there at 17%, as you mentioned, -- and we projected as we looked at this, as they get back to pre-COVID levels, that would put them into 19% and hopefully may be better and then with the $300 million of synergies. So there's still in a trajectory when we put the two companies together to get that back to that 30% EBITDA for Meggitt. So we feel very good about what the job that they're doing. And frankly, we can't wait to say welcome them to the team.
Tom Williams: Joe, it's Tom. So I'll talk about the first quarter, but I'd like to lift it up and we talk about the whole year as well because it kind of goes hand in hand with our thinking there. And maybe if I could start with we always relish and I'm being a little bit sarcastic being 1 of the first companies to talk about calendar '23, it's a difficult spot to be put in. And this forecast period is probably a little more complex than others because we have a lot of unprecedented actions that have somewhat unknown consequences, things that you're all familiar with quantitative tightening, rising interest rates, inflation, the dollar strengthening energy costs and availability in the Ukraine more. So it's a list that we really haven't faced and forecasted into. But we've got strong backlogs we've got resilient order entry. We are very pleased with the order entry that we showed for the quarter. And actually, we saw even though international was minus for the quarter, and that was really influenced by EMEA and Asia in the month of June in particular Asia, with the COVID shutdown. We saw international orders come back quite nicely in July, kind of in that mid to upper single digits. So our guidance really includes our AI model, the inputs from the divisions, customers and distributors. And we still see broad-based growth across almost all of our end markets. We've got almost all the end markets positive. If I could maybe go deeper into some of the secular areas, Aerospace, which you saw at the midpoint is at 6.5%. We've got greater than 10% for commercial OEM and military MRO high single digits for commercial MRO. But we're soft on military OEM versus some of the initial provisioning of the pull forward that happened on F-35 and that will turn around in FY '24. So Aerospace, in general, really, really positive for the whole year. That whole digital thread to the company is going to grow in that mid-single to high single digits in whatever ferns in markets like semiconductor, heavy-duty truck, which is obviously needed to transport all these digital goods lift trucks for 5G type of things, data centers, telecom. And then if I look at clean tech, electrification kind of in aggregate, and if I look at automotive, ag, mining and construction, and you just cut the sliver of electrification that cuts through those, that's all growing at greater than 10%. I'm going to get to your Q1, Joe, ain’t going anywhere. Powergen is going to grow mid-single digits. That's a combination of renewables and conventional. And oil and gas, which has been soft the last couple of years, it's going to turn positive greater than 10%. So we've got LNG, CNG and really kind of a return to investment here with, I think, the world recognizing as we journey from brown to green or not all shades the colors in between if we're going to need oil and gas for many, many years. The other part I would remind people is not only are the growth rates of these secular trends faster, the bill of material content is higher. So bill of material tends to be 1.5x to 2x traditional ICE application. So now if I get closer to your question now, the first half, second half split. First half -- I'm talking about total company, 5.5% organic, second half 2% organic. And we've got Q1 at a little higher organic growth rate, kind of, say, high single digits, 7%, give or take, for that Q1. And that's what's coming off of the current orders that we've got, the fact that we saw international get better in the month of July is what really kind of framed our thinking for Q1.
Tom Williams: Scott, it's Tom. First part of why we've done is maybe better than most, has been that strategy we've been utilizing for years that local-for-local. We've been focused on dual sourcing before dual sourcing became popular. And so that has clearly helped us weather this. But we're not immune. We felt that our team has done a great job, I think, scheduling their shops working with suppliers. I think the use of our lean techniques and kaizen are all things that have maybe helped us perform better than others. If I was to characterize supply chain going forward, I would -- let's take the chips out of it for a second. It has stabilized. And in our forecast period coming up FY '23, we're going to see slow gradual improvement I wouldn't characterize that we're going to be back to normal by the end of FY '23, but making a small improvement, which will be good as in this year, it was more of a struggle for the whole year. But chips is a different story. We're fortunate we're maybe not quite as chip dependent. Obviously, as our OEM customers are, but certainly, our Aerospace business, Motion Systems, in particular, those two businesses have a fair amount of electrical electronic content. And that one, we're not forecasting really any improvement. We've done an awful lot of work with our engineering team qualifying alternative suppliers, alternate materials across the board. And a lot of credit goes to them. We've been able to be very nimble and agile with expanding our available materials and supplies to satisfy demand. And we did that on ships, but chips is still a struggle. And for FY '23, we're not forecasting any help on chips. I think it will take beyond that time period to get better.
Tom Williams: Okay. All right. So as you know, we don't get into segmenting price for all the commercial reasons and the downfalls and pitfalls of doing it. I just suffice it to say as we go from that 5.5 in the first half to 2 in the second half, that volume is going to mimic that. And probably when we look at a volume standpoint, Aerospace is going to be fine all year, good organic growth, organic growth actually expands in their second half versus the first half. But on the industrial side, the second half will be weaker for all the things that we see out in the world. And so somewhere in our Q3 and we will probably get to flat volume slightly negative, somewhere in that time period. So we do -- that is in our forecast period.
Tom Williams: Yes, Steve, it's Tom. It's really hard to do that to give that kind of that detailed. And just you're right, it's in there. We had to overcome it. We overcame it with all the things we were doing the supply chain win strategy, pricing, et cetera, but it's really hard to quantify. It will be something that will gradually help us as we go into this year. But as I mentioned, we're projecting gradual improvement, not some big step change in the supply chain improvement.
Tom Williams: Well, certainly, it would help us. I mean the incrementals in the guide are pretty respectable. North America is at around numbers 30, international is at a decremental upper 20s and aerospace in the mid-20s. Recognize that Aerospace has a unique challenge this year as we compare it to the prior, our mix shift is going to be much more commercial. We've got commercial growing 2x commercial MRO, which is what the exact inverse we had in FY '22, we have commercial MRO growing twice at commercial. And I think everybody understands the difference in margins on MRO versus that. So that's probably the inverse, we had in FY '22, we had commercial MRO growing twice of what commercial OE. And I think everybody understands the difference in margins on MRO versus OE on that. So that's probably the biggest headwind there, but still putting it mid-20s incrementals. But to your point, chips, Steve, if we were to end up having even quicker supply chain improvements, yes, that's a potential upside for us, potential upside for us.
Tom Williams: Again, Steve, it's Tom. Absolutely. And I would not want to pretend that we are little white in that because we have opportunities because I know our customers listen to this, and that's 1 of the top things that they talked to me about. But we do have a distinct advantage that we’re typically much better than our competitors when you look at lead times and our ability to deliver. So we always look at these times where it's kind of a struggle that we can become the go-to supplier of choice and have an opportunity. And once a customer makes that kind of commitment, it tends to be pretty sticky. They're not going to switch back after making the effort to switch to us. So again, that's a potential upside. 
Tom Williams: Yes, Jamie. So the 4% to 6% remember is over the cycle with an FY '27 target. And actually being 2% to 5% in the current climate with all the things I said at the beginning, quantitative tightening, high inflation, high interest rates, the dollars growing, I mean, I actually think it's pretty remarkable that we're putting in that kind of a number, given all the conditions we're facing. So I'll make that comment on the 4% to 6%.  But specifically in North America, first half is more like 7.5%, second half goes to 1.5%. And international is first half, 2.5% versus kind of a flat second half. As far as end markets, I gave color around [secular] ones, but if I just was to bucket and I don't want to read this giant list and bore everybody to tears. But we have a couple on the greater than 10%. And I would say this is pretty indicative as I described these the world. Obviously, some of the regions have a little bit of more softness. In particular, I think maybe to get before I go to that and some of your question around maybe the difference between regions. We see EMEA have probably -- and given everything that's going on there between the war and energy challenges being the regions that in the second half is probably going to go negative. So that's in our guide. Asia Pacific, we've got not weaker than North America, obviously, it's going to be in that low-single digits throughout the whole year. But in the first half, we've got China somewhat flat, rest of Asia mid-single digits in the second half. Both China and the rest of Asia gets in that low to mid-single digits. Recognizing that Asia gets a chance to compare to the current quarter last Q4, which was really a tough quarter given all the shutdowns. So North America, more resilient on order entry. We've seen that in the last quarter or two as we rejecting that trend for the whole year. And maybe I'll just stop there and see if you have any follow-up to that.
Tom Williams: Dave, it's Tom. Yes, that's part of it. Yes, definitely, pricing was better in the second half of '22, which will help us as we go into '23. But I think we've proven in slowing top line areas to do pretty good at margin control. So I'd look for us to continue to do that.
Tom Williams: Yes. David, thank you for -- this is Tom again. Thank you for asking because it allows me to clarify. So it's just a one month, so it's a [1.12] July versus July. So it's not our typical [3.12], which is why I don't typically quote that number, but given coming off the negative [3.12], international. Of course, when you get to forecast into a new calendar year, we look for every single piece of data we can get our hands on. And that was a nice indicator for us because we saw really all three regions. Latin America held up well in Q4, but Latin America continued to do well in July. We had both EMEA and Asia turned back positive in July. It's one month. So it's not a long data trend, but it was a good indicator.
Tom Williams: Yes. One month, I don't have my typical segmented market type of comparison, but I would just say across both distribution and OEM.
Tom Williams: Joe, it's Tom. So is up significantly year-over-year, about 21%, backlog was $7.8 billion on June 30. But sequentially, it was pretty flat. And so I think this is kind of the peak in the backlog. I would expect it to moderate to the years slowly declining, probably not getting back to what I would call normal backlogs in the course of the whole year, but starting to moderate. And this backlog, in addition to our order entry patterns, the secular trends, the portfolio changes. These are all part of why we felt good about the 2% to 5% organic growth guide.
Tom Williams: Joe, it's Tom again. So I would characterize it, yes, we did gain some share, calculating market share by region and all that is really difficult. There's -- you don't get the degree of accuracy. We track share by account. And obviously, I'm not going to quote any accounts here. But that's where you can actually get good accuracy because you know what potential is for an account and you know what your sales is into it. And you have good gauge [R&R] and repeatability of that. So we've seen where we've been able to make some improvements and not in every single account, but on some accounts. And so I would use that as an indicator that we had made some progress, but obviously, more to come.
Tom Williams: Yes. So maybe I'll just give you the splits on -- not the split with the segment. So our guide assumes a mid-teens commercial OEM, a high single-digit decline in military OEM. That's again the pull forward provisioning on the F135 and the 135 engine. High single digits on commercial MRO, remember that's comparing against what we just did last year, which was a plus 36%. So that's you get this really big difficult comp on the commercial MRO, but it continues to grow. And the military MRO positive mid-teens do that math, those 4 segment gets you to 6.5. These first half, second half is just kind of the normal pattern. Aerospace tends to be stronger growth in the second half. You'll have some of the military MRO probably hitting stronger in the second half as well.
