Todd Leombruno: Thank you so much, Donna. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Parker Hannifin’s fiscal year ‘23 fourth quarter and full year earnings release webcast. As Donna said, this is Todd Leombruno, Chief Financial Officer speaking. And with me today for the webcast is Jenny Parmentier, our Chief Executive Officer; and Lee Banks, our Vice Chairman and President. I think everyone knows we released our results and all of these slide materials this morning. Our comments today will address forward projections and non-GAAP financial measures. On slide 2 of this presentation, you will find specific details to the disclosures that we are making in respect to both, non-GAAP financial measures and forward projections. And just as a reminder, actual results could vary from what we speak about today in this presentation based on all of the items listed here in these disclosures. Our press release, this presentation and all reconciliations are available under the Investors section at parker.com, and those will remain available for one year. Today, we’re going to start with Jenny addressing some of the highlights of our strong fourth quarter and really what was a transformational fiscal year for Parker. She is also going to reiterate some reasons that show why Parker is so well positioned for the future. I’m going to follow up with just some color on how the quarter wrapped up and provide some details around our initial FY24 guidance that we released this morning. Jenny will wrap up the call with some key messages, and then we’re going to open up the lines for Q&A for Jenny, Lee or myself. So, now, I’ll ask you all to move to slide 3. And Jenny, I’ll hand it over to you.
Todd Leombruno: Hey Julian, this is Todd. I would just add, we don’t have this really first half-, second half-weighted. We are forecasting international in total to be about 2.5% for the full year. And if I look across the year, there’s no real weighting there. It’s about an even split.
Todd Leombruno: Hey Joe, this is Todd. Just one thing I would add. If you remember a year ago, when we did the Meggitt post-close call, we said that we felt Meggitt could add $0.80 of EPS on a full year basis. We are ahead of that schedule. So that should give you some comfort too, that it is adding EPS to the bottom line as well.
Todd Leombruno: Andrew, this is Todd as well. I think Lee brings up a good point. We’ve been working that initiative for a long time. And if you look at the margins that I just ran through for Q4 and really what we’re guiding for FY24, you’ll see that those international margins are similar to every other piece of our business. So, that has been a great success.
Todd Leombruno: Hey David, this is Todd. I would just add to that. Jenny is absolutely right. We do believe that we can expand margins both in the North American businesses and the international businesses. It really is a testament to the power of the Win Strategy. But if I’m looking at the numbers here, it really is a smooth glide path, very similar to what we’ve done historically with our normal seasonality. So, it’s not weighted in any -- one way or the other. I gave a little color on the splits of segment operating income, but the margin expansion is a nice glide throughout the year.
Todd Leombruno: Josh, this is Todd. I was just going to add to that the other thing to keep in mind is when we talk about the Company having 30% aerospace exposure, 5% of that exposure does come from our industrial businesses. So, that is also a plus there as well.
Todd Leombruno: Yes. I would say it’s slightly above that $0.80 that we really forecasted for the first full 12 months. So, we’ve only owned them 9.5 months, but it’s been a fantastic 9.5 months. We’ve talked about the synergies being ahead of schedule, but the other thing is they are benefiting from the secular trend in aerospace. So, their growth has exceeded expectations every quarter since the close. So, we feel really good about that. I’m really happy we got the deal done.
Todd Leombruno: Hey Jamie, this is Todd. I would just add to that, on your 90% question, if you look at our total orders last quarter, they were plus 2. They did move to plus 3. So there really hasn’t been a material change in that percentage of end markets that continue to grow.
Todd Leombruno: Hey Donna, this is -- sorry to interrupt you. This is Todd. I think we have time for one more question. So, whoever you have next in the queue, that will be our last call.
Todd Leombruno: Hey Jeff, this is Todd. Obviously, Jenny mentioned it earlier. We are fully committed to debt pay down. So if you look at what I mentioned earlier, we expect to pay down another $2 billion of debt in this fiscal year, FY24. We don’t expect to get to 2.0 times till early FY25. So, we talked about the portfolio. We never stop looking at it both from an addition and a subtraction standpoint. But our main focus really is still for FY23 is to continue that debt pay down trajectory.
Todd Leombruno: Okay. This concludes our FY23 Q4 webcast. As always, we fully appreciate everyone’s interest in Parker, Jeff Miller, our VP of Investor Relations; and Yan Huo, our Director of Investor Relations, are available if anyone needs any further clarifications or has any questions on any of the materials we covered this morning. I want to really thank everyone for joining. We appreciate your support. Thanks.
Jenny Parmentier: Thank you, Todd. Just a few key messages to close this out. So, FY23 was a tremendous year with record performance. We have top-quartile safety and engagement, and that continues to drive results in our business. We truly have a great team. We have a proven track record, and we’re going to continue to accelerate our performance with the Win Strategy 3.0. The transformation of the portfolio is clearly delivering on longer cycle and more resilient portfolio, and this will allow us to achieve our FY27 targets and continue to be great generators and deployers of cash. So before we go into Q&A, I’d like to give you a few of our assumptions and comments on the guide. So obviously, aerospace is a real growth differentiator for Parker in fiscal year ‘24. We are projecting total aerospace growth at 17% with the acquisition sales from Meggitt and organic growth of 8%. We see strong mid-teens growth in commercial and mid-single-digit in military. Good story all the way around. We have now had two years in a row of double-digit growth for industrial. But having said that, as Todd mentioned, industrial orders have been negative for the past two quarters. However, in North America, backlog coverage is still above 30%, which is roughly double what it has been in the past, and it will support the growth we have in the first half. We do expect some destocking to continue, but overall sentiment from our customers is positive about steady demand and future growth. Obviously, there’s more macroeconomic uncertainty for the second half, and we’ll update you on that in future calls. While we did see an improvement in international orders from Q3 to Q4, this does include a benefit coming from some of those multi-period, longer-cycle orders and an easier comp from last year’s China COVID shutdown. Again, the backlog coverage remains above 30%. But as Todd said, we are forecasting negative growth for the first half and full year. Since the last time we talked, we’ve seen some signs of Europe slowing. Customers are returning to those seasonal shutdowns where they do maintenance in their facilities, and we’re starting to see some softness in some of the end and geographic markets as well as some weakening macroeconomic indicators. And although China had stronger growth in Q4 than Q3, recovery is slower than anticipated, and then we will face a tough comp in Q1 against prior year China COVID rebound. So in summary, this is our thinking right now: strong aerospace growth, strong backlog on the industrial side, some near-term uncertainties and tough comps, but the future growth drivers that I went through on the earlier slide remain intact, and activity is at a high level. We are still very bullish about the future and our 4% to 6% organic growth target over the cycle. So now I’ll hand it back to Donna for Q&A.
Jenny Parmentier: So first of all, your question on international, like I was talking about earlier, obviously, the backlog is still strong. It’s above 30%. But those customer shutdowns that I mentioned, that takes weeks out of the schedule that we hadn’t seen previously. So, a return to that is one of the reasons. And then obviously, since the last time we talked, we’ve seen a slowing in Europe. We’ve seen the demand not be as strong in certain regions. And then the China recovery is -- we haven’t seen the rebound from the stimulus that had been previously anticipated. So, that is all weighing in there as well.
Jenny Parmentier: So, we did see destocking happen in Q4, and we just expect that to continue through the first half. I’ll let Lee comment a little bit on the specifics of some regions and markets.
Jenny Parmentier: Yes. Thank you, Joe. So obviously, we’ve already talked a bit about what we expect to see, a continuing destocking and just kind of a softening in orders despite a very positive sentiment from the customer. So in the first half, in North America, we’re projecting 2% growth and overall for the year, 1%. So, we think that there’s some macroeconomic uncertainty in the second half. But in the first half, we fully believe that this strong backlog is going to support what we have in the guide. So, the backlog, again, above 30%, a little bit down, about 2% down, from last quarter but very strong. And in talking with our customers, we continue to constantly pressure test this and analyze it. And we’re not really seeing any major pushouts or cancellations, so we feel good about the guide we have out there.
Jenny Parmentier: Sure, sure. So, the first half for aero is 12%. So obviously, we’re going to see some nice growth here in the first half. And in the second half, we have 5%. And the comps get pretty tough in the second half. So, we feel good about that 8% organic number right now. So obviously, we’re seeing really nice growth in commercial OEM. We see those narrow-body rates increasing. Wide-bodies are starting to recover, but really, it’s a story about narrow-body rate increases. And then MRO, as Todd mentioned earlier, the Meggitt acquisition has really increased our aftermarket exposure. And it’s been really strong with the air traffic recovery, especially with those narrow-bodies. And we’re pleased to see military OEM return. Obviously, the military budget increase is going to drive mid- and long-term growth. F-35 is nearing peak delivery. So all good news there. And then, same thing with military MRO. I mean, there’s a focus on retrofits and upgrades as the fleet ages. So really good outlook for all of aerospace going forward. So, you questioned about Meggitt integration. I mentioned in the slides, we couldn’t be happier with the progress of that integration. We’re forecasting another $75 million in synergies in FY24. Team did a great job in FY23 of pulling some actions ahead and allowing us to increase those synergies by $15 million. So really just a positive outlook for aerospace.
Jenny Parmentier: You just answered the question, right? We expect those narrow-body rates to go up, and it’s definitely a matter of mix.
Jenny Parmentier: Yes. So, we’re committed first to pay down our debt. That is our number one priority and our focus. We’re always working in the pipeline. We have long-standing relationships with people we talk to now as we have in the past. So, that’s not something that we ever let go stale or dry. It’s a continuous pipeline. So, for now, we’re focused on paying down debt, and we expect to get in the range of about 2 times by fiscal year 2025. And I’m sure we’ll talk about it in the future.
Jenny Parmentier: I guess, I would say, first of all, that it is very similar. But obviously, the Meggitt acquisition, as we’ve mentioned, has meaningfully increased our aftermarket exposure. So it’s mid-teens is what we’re projecting right now. And again, that air traffic recovery, especially with the narrow-bodies with this high domestic traffic, is that really what’s going to help that into the fiscal year.
Jenny Parmentier: Yes. So David, primarily when we talk about destocking, we are talking about distribution. But we’re just seeing a kind of a moderation of growth across all of our customers. So, don’t worry about margin degradation. We’re not going to allow that. We have all the right things in place to make sure that we hit our margin targets. So really, it’s about -- we’re just continuing to see the benefit of this transformed portfolio, right? We’re continuing to see the power of the acquisitions that we’ve done over the last several years.
Jenny Parmentier: So the backlog, as I’ve said, is at 55% right now, and it went up 1% sequentially. So that -- we talk about that backlog being so strong and especially, obviously, aerospace is in there. But in industrial being above 30% is roughly double what it was in the past. So we were sitting around 15% to 17% coverage in the past, and now we have 30%. So that’s really coming from the acquisitions we’ve done, the higher aftermarket, the longer cycle. So we’re seeing a more resilient and longer, I call it the demand horizon, a longer horizon on that backlog. So, we feel very strongly about it. Now we know from the past that backlog isn’t bulletproof, but we are constantly pressure testing it, analyzing it, talking to our customers, which is really a great benefit of us being so decentralized because our divisions can have real-time conversations to make sure that that backlog is strong. So I wouldn’t be able to break out all the details that you were just asking about between the channel and the OEMs, but I would tell you that over 30% coverage in industrial is a good place to be right now. And that’s why we feel good about covering the growth we have in the first half.
Jenny Parmentier: We are seeing some of it through our customers and our distributor partners. And you’re right, there’s just been a massive amount of announced CapEx. I mean, some industry sources are citing over $500 billion. Some key examples of that where we will get into the game is the semi fabs and the electric vehicle battery plants that are now breaking ground. So, we win -- Parker wins when the job site is prepped, when the factory is built and when the machines go into the factory. So, it’s early days, but Parker is winning and will continue to win in the future.
Jenny Parmentier: Well, I don’t know that I can rank them right now, but I would tell you that I see activity in obviously, all three of them. If you start off just thinking about the CapEx, investment because of the reinvestment over the last 10 years, we’re seeing some -- just some upgrading of factories, a lot of work being done to really develop the supply chain and increase capacity. So, that ties into the investment, a lot of machinery and a lot to help really that supply chain development. A lot of folks that got burned during the pandemic are going to dual source this. So that drives a lot of investment. And as I mentioned just a few minutes ago, the mega projects, we’re starting to see some of that. We’re hearing about involvement in that from some of our distribution partners. And it’s still early days, but there’s a lot out there for us to go win.
Jenny Parmentier: Yes. So, it’s interesting. I’ve been talking to a lot of people about supply chain, as always. And the aerospace supply chain is really experiencing what the industrial side of the business did 18 to 24 months ago. So just -- it’s a little bit tough. There’s constraints responding to the high rate increases and demand. But, I would tell you that outside of chips and electronics, we’re starting to see some lead times moderating. But overall, I would say it’s still a constraint for aerospace. So again, we work closely with our suppliers. We’re investing in developing suppliers, especially in aerospace, because obviously, with it being a third of our portfolio, it’s very important to us that we can deliver these orders.
Lee Banks: Yes. Julian, it’s Lee. I think destocking, mostly at the distribution level, there’s -- it’s been going on for a couple of quarters. They were holding more inventory than usual. But I would tell you the sentiment is still strong. So, we’ve seen destocking across our European distributors and in North America. Maybe too, just a little more color on Europe, as Jenny was talking about, the biggest softness really is around the DACH region. So that would be Germany, Austria, Switzerland. I think it’s a couple of things. It’s -- the China export market is a big deal for them. And China has not rebounded like we all expected it would. And then, I think when you pivot to Asia, with China, the property woes continue to weigh heavily on the business community there. So all the stimulus we read about really hasn’t trickled down to any significant economic activity. I’m still expecting that to change going forward, but those are the plus sides as we move forward.
Lee Banks: So, we’ve -- you’ve covered us a long time. I mean, the one thing I think we’ve got a good handle on inside the Company is kind of price/cost and the ability to push cost in the price. Every one of our facilities is embedded in our Win Strategy. We look at costs constantly, and we look at price. I would say pricing has become much more normal now. We’re not in that rapid inflationary period. But our goal is always to keep things margin-neutral, and we’re working that. And we’re working the cost side on the supply chain side, too. So I’m comfortable that kind of the price/cost scenario we have is baked into our margin forecast.
Lee Banks: Well, so first off, we’ve been reconfiguring our supply chains and our manufacturing footprint in Europe for the last 8 or 10 years. I mean, you remember when Tom and I took our roles, we had a big initiative…
Lee Banks: So -- and I would just tell you that that is always ongoing. So, we never stopped with that. And we take every opportunity we can to just continue to be better, and we’re doing that today.
Lee Banks: Well, I think, Jeff, again, you followed us, we’ve always maintained some kind of positive spread. We’re always looking at the portfolio. We’re sunsetting products. We’ve got different strategic pricing initiatives. But I would tell you, we deal with a lot of core tough customers, and pricing is very competitive. It’s really what we do with the balance of the portfolio that helps us out. And as we’ve talked about in the past, one of the great strengths of this company is the distribution base we have, which gives us a great opportunity to kind of price into that market.
Lee Banks: So Jamie, it’s Lee. I guess, I’ll start on a couple of things. One, in terms of -- we’re always striving for productivity and continuous improvement. So certainly, things coming out of COVID were chaotic. Some of that chaos is settling down. So those are opportunities for us, but productivity is increasing. You see it in our numbers and kind of the inefficiencies that were going on are getting better. It’s not perfect. There still are supply chain issues out there, but it’s a far cry from what it was before. I would say when we look at our markets from the backlog that we have, all our markets are still growing at different levels. I mean, it’s kind of interesting, nobody talks about oil and gas anymore, but that’s been incredibly strong, land-based oil and gas here and even offshore here and in Europe. Everything in aerospace is great, and forestry and automotive is still great. North America, anything around electric vehicles is doing really well, and we share a lot of content in those areas. And then, construction equipment is still steady throughout all that as is ag. I think some of the areas have softened, and you’ve seen it with public announcements as the whole area of HVAC is down. I think that’s short term. That will come back. And semicon is soft. And life sciences really just tough comps coming out COVID, things were really going there. The sentiment is it’s just tough comps. So, it’s getting better as we kind of cycle through the comps.
