Pam Huggins: Thank you, Lacy. Good morning, everyone. This is Pam Huggins speaking. I'd like to welcome you to Parker Hannifin third quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Washkewicz and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Tim Pistell. Please allow me as usual to address a couple of administrative matters prior to beginning with the actual earnings release. First for those of you online, you can follow today's presentation with a PowerPoint slides that have been presented and for those of you not online the slides will be posted on the Investor Relations portion of Parker's website at phstock.com. Second, as is customary, I would call your attention to slide number two which is the Safe Harbor disclosure and forward-looking statement and that if you haven't also done so, please take note of this statement. Third moving to slide number three, this slide is required indicates that in cases where non-GAAP numbers have been used, they have been reconciled to their appropriate GAAP numbers. Moving to the agenda on slide number four, the call will be in four parts today. First Don, Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer will provide highlights for the quarter. Second, I'll provide a review including key performance measures of the third quarter concluding with a revised outlook for fiscal year 2010. The third part of the call will consist of the standard Q&A session and the fourth part of the call today, Don will close with final comments. At this time, I'll turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to slide number five titled third quarter fiscal year 10 highlights.
Pam Huggins: Yes. Organic, it's going to be 4% and then in total, it's about 2% because obviously, you have the effects of FX in there.
Pam Huggins: We did take a charge, Eli and actually, it was minimal for us. As you remember, we got out of retiree health benefits some time ago so as a result, we only had to take a write-up of $1.2 million.
Pam Huggins: If you look at the revenues for this quarter, you are seeing improvement in aerospace across every single segment. I mean, commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket, defense, you are really seeing increases. Now defense we think, it is going to be relatively stable on the OEM side. We are seeing some increases. We had some really good increases in September which is skewing the number a little bit, so that would flatten out a little bit in aerospace aftermarket. So up a little bit. But the commercial aftermarket, we are seeing some increases in that. And then of course, the commercial OEM side is, year-over-year it is still weak, but it's trending upward near term.
Pam Huggins: Good morning, Alex.Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Pam, looking at your order rates for the three month period, clearly most of that increase is due to lower inventory reduction during this period than the prior period and you said that because you said inventories basically aren't going down anymore, they are basically staying flat, whereas the prior period they were doing down, so your orders were hit. But that doesn't tell us anything about what the rate of growth of the end market really is right here. You said you expect it to continue the way it is has been, but you didn't really quantify it. So could you or have you made any attempt to quantify the rate of recovery in U.S. demand and European demand, Latin America and Asia? At the end market, not back in the supply chain where you are.
Pam Huggins: Well, it took a little longer to get the restructuring done than we had anticipated, Henry. Working with the works councils over there, it just took longer than we wanted it to.
Pam Huggins: David, this is Pam Huggins. There is will be about $60 million in fiscal year 2010 and we haven't finalized the plans for next year, but there will be some restructuring in next year as well. Now, not to the extent, I don't think of what you are seeing this year but there will be some.
Pam Huggins: Ann, this is Pam. Yes, in fact, I had a conversation with aerospace yesterday. We were talking about this. I was asking lots of questions on it. And I think at the end of the day, yes, the airlines, especially the domestic airlines, they are losing money on this. So obviously, it could affect some of their buying patterns in the short-term. But really, the business today is very much focused outside of domestic North America. And while domestic may get a lot of money on those overseas flights, I think that they are concluding that it is probably not going to have a big impact, at least on our business.
Pam Huggins: Well, Steve, I just want to say that the margins have gone from second quarter 3.5% up to 7.7% up to, targeting around the 8%. So we are seeing an increase. But yes, when you look at what is happening there, the increases that they are seeing are definitely automotive and residential air conditioning related. And the air conditioning residential related improvement is mostly after market So I think we are seeing improvement there. They did a lot of restructuring, as you well know and they are starting to see the improvement of some of that restructuring as well as some of their business coming back. Most of the markets that were heavily affected early in this downturn and have remained affected like heavy duty truck, residential air conditioning, those are big markets for the climate industrial controls group. So we are seeing – if you see orders, they've been improved more than any other segment climate industrial controls. So with that improvement, I think you'll see that the hopes to get them back to double digits here pretty soon.
Pam Huggins: I can do that for you, Rob. This is Pam Huggins. Let me do that for you, okay? Looking at the markets on a year-over-year basis and then I'll get to the sequential in a moment.Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Okay.
Pam Huggins: But on a year-over-year basis, the strongest markets are semiconductor, cars and light trucks, heavy duty trucks, forestry and construction. Now obviously as you look around the world, they can vary. If you look at Europe, Asia-Pacific, North America, it can vary. On a year-over-year, the weakest for Parker is oil and gas, although I have to tell you that it's turning up. We are seeing improvement there. Power gen and that's just basically doing – that is based on the fact that some of the big OEMs are off for us and then mining. Now sequentially strongest is forestry, mining, machine tools and construction and then sequentially weakest is again, power gen, marine, oil and gas and then cars and light trucks, believe it or not, sequentially. But year-over-year it's one of the strongest.Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Thanks, Pam. That is very helpful.
Pam Huggins: Well, Terry, this Pam speaking. Let me just tell you things have changed over the years with respect to our quarters. There was a time when our fourth quarter was always our strongest quarter and most recently, believe it or not and I'm speaking a little bit under normal terms that March is a very strong month for us. And in fact, can be the strongest month of the year. So you are exactly right. When you look at the fourth quarter, the numbers that you threw out for the organic growth on North America and international are correct. But the other thing that is happening is everybody wanted everything immediately. When we first came out of this downturn, everybody was asking for stuff, give it to me today. And now the lead time on some of this stuff is moving out. So we don't have the same situation that we were in.
Pam Huggins: Well, we do think about that but that depends on who you talk to. We tend to think that for the most part, people are basically buying on demand.
Don Washkewicz: I think what is – this is Don. I think what's happening is that there is some stocking going on but I think it's directly related to the increased level of activity. I don't think any – we are not hearing of anyone that's really going overboard here as far as bringing a lot of inventory, other than to serve the customers with their current level of activity. And I think that is probably going to be the trend here for the next year as we climb out of this. I think everyone is being cautious but I think the other than that is happening is that as raw materials increase, I think there's probably a little bit of a sense that, not only increasing, but as raw materials become more scarce. I think there's probably going to be more of a concern whether people have enough inventory on the shelves to handle the demand. So I think a little bit of that is going to weigh in but right now, I think more or less we are seeing inventory pretty much in line with the increased level of activity.
Don Washkewicz: As far as the rate of the recovery – this is Don, Jamie. I think what is going to happen here, going on, barring any additional stimulus, which I don't see, I don't anticipate or predict. I think the rate of recovery that you see right now is going to be the rate that we are going to see going forward, at least the best we can tell. We are going right into forecast period right now and all the groups and divisions are going to be rolling all that out. But my guess right now would be we'll continue to see a gradual climb out like we have seen of late. It won't be a big hockey stick effect, but it will be a gradually climb out like what you've been seeing.
Don Washkewicz: Eli, just one other comment. The other positive thing to mention on the aerospace is that the revenue passenger miles are up almost 10%. So that's going to have a very nice impact on us. We are already seeing sequential improvement. I think when we look back, we are going to see this is going to be the bottom in aerospace.
Don Washkewicz: We are going into that forecast period right now, so we'll give you a better look. But if the revenues continue to come back, we should see improved profitability as well.
Don Washkewicz: Well, this is Don. I would say that the up cycle now is more what we would consider more traditional what we'd seen in the past kind of muted, slow recovery and if you remember, if you go back, I've been through enough recessions myself where I can remember some of these things. If you go back far enough, Europe following North America was more traditional. Okay, on the 2001 it wasn't, because there was the 9/11 event that was tied in with that. But if you go back prior to that, you will see that normally North America came out and then Europe followed. Well, it's exactly what is happening here about six months, two quarters is what it takes for Europe to catch up. I think that's what – and that's why it's kind of – getting to earlier in the presentation was that I think that's what we are going to see again here, barring any other actions that would help stimulate that more, which I don't anticipate. So that is how I would compare from what's happened recently. You have to go back a few recessions, but that is kind of the way it used to be.
Don Washkewicz: Thanks, David. This is Don. First of all, let me just say that we've seen pretty dramatic raw material increase. I am going to give you some examples of that. Copper is at a 20 month high. Crude oil, of course we know that that is at a 17 month high. Aluminum is near an 18 month high, zinc near 18 month high, so plating materials and so forth, steel is a 24 month high, so most of our major raw materials are really going up very dramatically. What we've been able to do – our goal is and you know this, is that our goal is to keep our purchasing price index where we measure the purchased unit cost of all of these input raw materials compared to what we were paying the prior year, we want to keep that less than one and we want to keep the sales price index, which is the price of the products in the market that we price in the marketplace in a year-over-year comparison greater than one. Now, let me tell you where we are at. Thank God we went out a couple, few months back with a price increase and I know that there was a lot of questions whether this was going to stick. Parker is crazy what are you doing going out there with these kind of increases and so on and so forth. The bottom line is, we were reading this exactly right. I mean, we were feeling the increases. We weren't going to be lagging behind these kind of increases for three or six months, we're going to get ahead of it. And guess what? Every competitor followed because they felt the same thing. They were just sleeping at the controls. So we are going to stay on top of this. We are now comparing even a more near-term metric that we call tactical metric where we look at the June 30 number compared to where we are right now as opposed to the year-over-year number and – I'm sorry, the year end number compared to where we are now as opposed to the year-over-year number and that is more of a near-term look and we want to make sure that we are we are covering those increases as well because even on a year-over-year basis, you might look good. On a more near-term basis, you could be falling behind and not even know it. So these are very – I just visited a few divisions and I'll tell you what, at the division level in this company, these people are honed in on purchase cost increases or decreases, whatever the case may be, in this case increases and sale price adjustments. So we are not going to lose margins through this period because of those things happening to us. We are on top of it and I think you'll see that the rest of the world is going to have to follow. It's not the consistent with the actions that we are taking.
Don Washkewicz: There are increases in the works for July. We have two periods in the year, January and July and there will be adjustments made accordingly for those products in those divisions that need them. So that is in the works, no question about it.
Don Washkewicz: There's a lot – of course, we constantly have dialogues with quite a few different companies and there's plenty out there. We want to be selective as to what we go after. We want it to be synergistic with what we have. But yes, there are things available that we can go after at a reasonable price.Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Don Washkewicz: And hopefully, this is Don. And hopefully, as construction picks up, that is going to help on the residential side and also, the commercial air conditioning refrigeration and industrial refrigeration right now are fairly flat. So we hope that that also will pick up and help the bottom line as well as the top line.Steve Volkmann – Jefferies & Co: Okay, great. That's helpful. And Don, I noticed you didn't talk much about share repurchase in your list of –
Don Washkewicz: That is interesting that you picked up on that, Steve. I knew you would. No, right now we are not looking at share repurchase. We are really kind of focused on growing the business at this point. We want to get back to – we've had a CAGR of 10% plus growth for 30 years or so or 35 years and of course, if you look at the last five years because of this horrible recession, that number is down. So we want to get back to our average of 10 plus on the top line. And so that is what our focus is going to be as far as the cash utilization.Steve Volkmann – Jefferies & Co: Great. Thanks very much.
Don Washkewicz: No. I'd say if you look at the order trend rates that we have been posting, if you take kind of take those and straight line them, I think that is kind of what we are expecting. Just take those and graph them out and draw a straight line and you'll see about the kind of recovery we are expecting. So that's the best way for me to describe it.Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Let me ask you, you were kind enough, as you always do every quarter, to run through a list of market segments where you are seeing is strengths and not, but with so many on the positive list, I wonder if you can discriminate a little bit.
Don Washkewicz: Yeah. Thanks to everybody on the call. Just a couple of comments. Obviously, we are seeing a more positive environment for demand, pretty much around the world with increased order rates and the global economic recovery emerging. And we feel Parker is in a very, very strong position to benefit as this recovery unfolds. Once again, I want to thank everybody for your participation. I think that we had a lot of good questions and hopefully, cleared up a lot of questions in your mind. We appreciate certainly your interest in Parker. I would like to once again thank all the Parker employees around the world for their continued commitment to serving our customers. Pam will be available the rest of the day for questions, so I'd like to just say goodbye and have a great day.
Tim Pistell: Jamie, this is Tim. In terms of the margins on the international side, again, keep in mind there's a bit of a bifurcation here in that Latin America and Asia-Pacific are above previous levels – at or above previously levels and are generating very healthy margins. Europe is still struggling, if you will although I have to say that we are starting to see a nice turn here at the end of the quarter. In March, they had some really favorable results. So I think the restructuring that had to be done there took a long time to do, very costly, some that has now been executed and we are seeing the savings come through. As Pam pointed out, unfortunately, there is one other chunk that did not get done in the third quarter. We now anticipate that being done in the fourth quarter and that's about $0.04 a share that we didn't take the hit this quarter. We'll take it in the fourth quarter.
Tim Pistell: Don, if I could – this is Tim. I just want to add one thing. It's very encouraging to us that the – if you look at the sales in this quarter and you go back and look at our peak sales before the downturn, we generated about 80% of our prior peak. So we are extremely pleased that at still at 80% of our prior peak, we are able to throw off these kind of numbers.
Tim Pistell: Well, Henry, his is Tim again. What changed is that we finally we're able to execute some of the restructuring that we wanted to do and then see that come through. So it was a good month as well, a pretty good month in terms of sales plus I see the benefits of the actions that we took, started to flow through.
Tim Pistell: I guess the increased business was external and the execution, I guess, you'd call internal. But in the end, we turned the corner, it looks like. But we have a little more work to do and we want to get it done in the fourth quarter.
Tim Pistell: Dave, this is Tim. As you know, we are a very decentralized environment and we really love that atmosphere and structure and we have – I don't even know how many prices we have across the country. So key metric for all those general managers as Don mentioned, as you keep your sales price index above the purchase price index, procurement price index and we measure that in total, we get that tracked and reported. That is a very key metric. But other than that, it's just too much for us to get down into all the permutations and combinations thereof.
Tim Pistell: David, again, on – adopting lean enterprise, the whole idea, you are supposed to keep yourself lean at all times. As we've told you, we consider restructuring an ordinary part of doing business. We don't break it out separate, don't like to break it out separately. We talk about it a lot. In a normal year, we said we would do $0.10 to $0.12 probably worth of restructuring. In this downturn, that stepped up, but it like doubled. I think it was probably about double that rate last year, maybe double that rate this year but it still wasn't a huge quantum increase. And I think it will return back to a normal, so anywhere from $0.10 to $0.15 next year, which will be built into the numbers as it always is.
Tim Pistell: Ann, this is Tim. I think that – as we told you, I think leading into the second half. In fact, we had already planned for much higher recovery in the second half and some fairly healthy incrementals. And again, so thankfully they are running higher than what we told you. I think we are looking forward to a pretty good strong incremental in the next quarter as well as this fiscal year. But clearly as we get into next fiscal year and things recover more and get more normalized, these incrementals 50 – plus 50% are going to revert back to the more norm of the 30%. Can't sit here today and tell you what the forecast was going to be for next year but absolutely, the 50 will revert back to the 30.
Tim Pistell: We fight very hard on the SG&A increases but it will just be simply the bringing back of the people necessary for the production. Initially, we will do that, we will also start to incur overtime. It will be just the normal things.
Tim Pistell: Again Terry, this is hard. March was good. January was really not as good as we hoped and February, so-so. March was good. So it's like Don said, what do you jump off of? We're giving you a quarter. Our people are working on their outlook for FY 2011. And we'll be back in a quarter to give you that whole year look. So yes, we're – this is the best we can do for the quarter and as Don said, we would always want our people to err on the cautious side and not over spend over staff. So that kind of where we are right now.
Tim Pistell: Is it larger than the – I would say good try. But we're, again, we're going to – I think we need to – and actually we are going up against someone else I know who started at 10 and we are trying to be respectful. But yes.
