Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Thank you, Brian. Good morning and welcome to Parker Hannifin's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Release Teleconference. Joining me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Lee Banks. Today's presentation slides together with the audio webcast replay will be accessible on the company's Investor Information website, at phstock.com, for one year following today's call. On slide number 2, you'll find the company's Safe Harbor Disclosure Statement addressing forward-looking statements as well as non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations for any reference to non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's press release and earnings presentation slides and are also posted on Parker's website, at phstock.com. Today's agenda appears on slide number 3. To begin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams, will provide highlights for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. Following Tom's comments, I'll provide a review of the company's fourth quarter and full fiscal year performance together with a review of our guidance for fiscal year 2019. Tom will then provide a few summary comments and we'll open the call for a question-and-answer session. Please refer now to slide 4 as Tom will get us started with the highlights for the quarter and the full year for fiscal year 2018 and then continue with a brief overview of the fiscal year 2019 outlook on slide number 5.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah, Joe. Let me take this one for a little bit here. It will be a combination. So we will see savings from efficiencies as we complete the plant closures in the first half of 2019. We will continue to see productivity and efficiency come through the margins as we continue to work on Win Strategy initiatives. And just overall as we've seen some pretty high level of growth and to keep up with that, it's been at times inefficient in terms of premium freight and such and we've gotten better at that. We've seen improvement in that and we'll continue to see improvement in maintaining our customer deliveries in this growth period as we go forward. So it'll be a combination of things.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah, David, let me spell out what we think we're going to achieve in savings from our efforts. So with the CLARCOR cost to achieve efforts, we'll be spending about $13 million throughout fiscal year 2019, and that'll be heavily weighted in the first half. Out of that, we expect to increase our margins with $75 million of synergy savings split pretty evenly first half, second half. Then in addition, we'll have our other areas of Parker working on continuing improvements through realignment. That'll be a $22 million cost for the year, fairly evenly split first half second half, and $10 million of savings heavily weighted in the second half.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Sure, Nathan. So in the first half, Tom had mentioned that we're expecting organic growth of midpoint of 5%. That breaks down close to 6.5% North America, just under 3% International and just over 6.5% for Aerospace. In the second half, the overall organic growth is expected to be around 2.5% and that breaks down as a little bit over 3% for North America, close to 2.5% for International and just under 1% for Aerospace.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah, Ann, we typically see a very nice aftermarket mix in both – mostly third quarter tends to be our highest best quarter for mix in terms of aftermarket, but the fourth quarter it came through as well for us. We had some nice military aftermarket that won't necessarily repeat and it helped the mix and the margin. We also were more effective with our development costs. Development costs for the year came in at 6.5% which is lower than we were expecting. We've gotten more efficient with that effort. And then it was overall just productivity improvement in the operations as the team continues to realign and work on Win Strategy initiatives. So a bit of it won't continue because of the mix, but we hope to see continued improvement in margins through productivity improvements and continued efficiency in the development cost activities.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah. We have been running closer to 7.25% or higher in prior years. The last couple of years have been high because of the new platforms that we've been working hard to get into service. That will now taper down as the planes are getting ready to fly and we're at a more normal operating level for development costs. We're expecting next year to average somewhere between 6.25% and 6.75% of sales for Aerospace.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yes, I think you're right. Because I think the comment – not to be too precise, but when we talked about it at IR Day, we talked about something closer more in the mid-30s because of the changes that we have made and the investment we're going to make in CapEx, tighter productivity that we'd hope to lift up in our traditional 30%, give or take, just to a little higher band going beyond FY 2019.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: It's been more in the 7-plus percent range. I think we finished FY 2017 at a little – about 7.3%. The year before 7.6%. It was as high as 10% back when we first started on some of these new platforms. So we're now at a more normal, stable level as the platforms are entering service.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Sure, Nicole. Yeah, we've been working hard in our international operations to realign them to a more effective cost base. And they've been now getting to the point where we are enjoying the savings from that and the higher margins. So we have more to do. There's more realignment that we continue to work on and more improvements. They also have gotten better and better at the tools that we use through the Win Strategy in becoming more productive in our normal operations. And so we're seeing the benefits of all of that and we expect that to continue into fiscal 2019 despite the volume not increasing too significantly.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah, Nigel, we're forecasting – we have raised the discount rate slightly, which will benefit our pension expense. However, as we looked at the rate of return on assets that we were using, we did decide to lower that slightly, which is going to offset the benefit we got from the discount rate change. So we expect FY 2019 to be pretty comparable to our fiscal year 2018 pension expense.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Okay. Thank you, Nigel. All right. This concludes our Q&A and the earnings call for today. Thank you for joining us. Robert and Ryan will be available throughout the day to take your calls should you have any further questions. Thanks, everybody. Have a great day.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Thank you, Cathy. So we are anticipating another record year in FY 2019. The Win Strategy is working well. What framed the changes to the Win Strategy when we revised it about three years ago were two overarching themes. One, we wanted to be a top-quartile performer versus our Diversified Industrial peers and we wanted to be a great generator and deployer of cash. You couple those two themes with the unique competitive advantage that we have that differentiate us versus our competitors and that's what enables us to be the number-one motion control company in the world. So these unique advantages are the following: one, the Win Strategy, second is our decentralized divisional structure, third our global distribution service and support network which is the best in the motion control space, and the fact that almost everything we ship has some element of intellectual property tied to it. We're globally balanced and we have a portfolio that has the breadth of technologies and system capabilities that really provides a differentiating value to our customers. We're forecasting a record FY 2019, but the best thing about our future is that we know we have lots of opportunities to get better. And as we do that, we're going to continue to position Parker among the best Diversified Industrial companies in the world. So let me just close by saying thank you to the Parker team members around the world for all the progress and their hard work. And I want to say thank you to the shareholders. Our shareholders that have had continued confidence in Parker, we appreciate that very much. So with that, Brian, I'm going to hand it back over to you to start the Q&A.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Yeah, Joe. It's Tom. So we were really pleased with what we saw in North America. We saw continued improvement with our productivity metrics through the quarter. We track it line by line, plant by plant and we were very encouraged with the progress that we saw. We completed 80% of the plant closures in FY 2018. We have 20% that's going to carryover to FY 2019 due to the higher volume that we experienced. So this higher volume, this is a high-class problem that we have. Just to help frame what I mean by higher volume, the Q4 guide that we gave for North America was approximately 6% organic growth, and we came in at almost 9% organic growth for North America. So a 30% higher growth rate than what we had anticipated. But the productivity at the plants is improving at a pace that we're very comfortable that we're going to be able to close the plants that we've got and these carryover closures in the first half and we're going to be able to take the costs out and when you do that you're going to see a very strong second half from North America. So I was very encouraged with North America. And maybe if I could just – while I've got the stage here, just emphasize if you look at the other segments, I think it's a really good indicator of the underlying operating performance So North America really strong performance sequentially. And if you look at International and Aerospace you saw the results there, significant progress versus prior year on a quarterly basis and on an annual basis and then total your EBITDA margin improvement. So we feel very good about what we've done on the margin side and we look forward to FY 2019.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Yes, Jamie, it's Tom. So for international first you got tougher comps there. So that's probably a big contributor to it. We saw Asia and Latin America stayed at a high level and EMEA moderated a little bit through the quarter, but still had pretty good numbers for us.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Yeah, and I'll give you a range because MROS is a difficult metric to predict on a pinpoint basis. So our first half for North America for 2019 is going to be in the 10% to 20% MROS and the second half, as I mentioned, with the strong tailwind is going to be in the 40% to 50% MROS. Full year for the total company will be in that low to mid-30s putting the whole company together.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: No, I think that's about what we were anticipating. Obviously we didn't talk about FY 2019 when we were in the last quarter, but we talked about that we were going to anticipate more work with the plants for the first half of 2019. And that's where we're at. But I'm very pleased with the productivity pace. The improvements that we're making line by line and the improvements that our team members are making is going to enable us to close those factories and take the costs out that we need to and position us to be in very good shape for the second half.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Yeah, Joe. This is Tom. Let me first start with maybe the process of how we developed the guide, so people have some context, and then I'll go through and answer your question. So first we look at order patterns, just like you described. We get input from our customers and our distributors, we obviously get forecasts from all of our divisions. We look at the economic models on industrial production growth. And then we built our own regression models that we have by our respective groups to help predict the future. So, what I'm going to focus on is my comments on organic growth because we can't predict currency. So our range of 2.5% to 5% looks like approximately 5% for the first half and approximately 2.5% for the second half. But really the rates of growth coming down in the second half primarily because of the comparisons. If you look at the comparison of 2019 to 2018, it's much harder than the comparison from 2018 to 2017. But I would describe this organic growth environment as one of the best ones that we've had in my recent memory with a significant number of positive end markets. And I'm going to run you through our forecast for the end markets. I'm going to put a little asterisk by my comments that this is our forecast as far as how Parker's going to perform in these end markets, not necessarily predictor of how the whole market's going to do. But I'm going to do just three buckets: positive, neutral, negative. On the positive side, it's a very long list and I'm going to read them all because I'm excited about how long this list is. But it starts with aerospace, ag, construction, distribution, forestry, general industrial, heavy duty truck, lawn and turfs, life sciences, mining, oil and gas, rail, semicon, refrigeration and air conditioning and telecom. So that's about everything we do is in the positive bucket. Neutral is automotive and marine. And negative, as you might predict, is power gen. So our forecast at this time is our best view of the world. And recognize that every quarter we're going to have better data, better visibility and we're going to update that for you as we go. But I would just characterize 2019 as a terrific environment for us when I think about the growth for the future.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Joe, it's Tom. The bottom (35:27) numbers, our MROS forecast is in the low to mid-30s for the total company for next year's guide.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Yeah, Joel. This is Tom. So our acquisition strategy and I mentioned this briefly at the Investor Day, one, is first to be consolidator of choice within the motion control space. So we are number one but we have only about 11% share of a $130 billion space. So we want to be at bat – not that we'll swing at everything, but we want to be at bat looking at things that make sense for us in the motion control space. Second is, all things being equal, we want to invest in aerospace, infiltration and engineering materials in our Instrumentation Groups. Those are groups that tend to have higher margins and a little more resilience over a business cycle. So clearly Aerospace is on that list. And maybe if I could talk about capital deployment just in a broader sense, we are in a much better position as we go into FY 2019 than we were in 2018 from a capital deployment standpoint. Our balance sheet is in a robust position at 2.1 gross debt to EBITDA multiples. So we're going to do our dividends and we're targeting 30% of net income and net income is going to keep growing, so we – which is a big growth there. We're going to invest in organic growth and productivity. I mentioned that at Investor Day, so strategic investments in productivity to drive productivity within the plants on additive and robotics and those type of things. And then to your point, we're going to look at acquisitions and share repurchase and make the best decisions we can for the shareholders. But Aerospace, we like about a 20/80 balance. And I would remind people, when you look at our technologies, all of our technologies are the same. We just happen to call out Aerospace as a market-facing segment because of the customer profile there. But it's the same motion control technologies that go into Aerospace that go into Semicon that go into all these other technologies – these other end markets. So we like it and we've done a lot of work in Aerospace over the last 10 years from the R&D work that we've done, the Win Strategy, the good work that the team's done there. It's in a great position and it's going to yield nice benefits going forward for us.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: David, it's Tom. We do feel very good about the back half. And you're right. Clearly we've been racing up to get on top of the demand, and we feel very good about what we see on the metrics productivity freight costs going down in the second half that they will start to peel-off even more as we go into the second half of FY 2019. Pricing actions and activity has been very robust as we've worked, as Lee described, throughout the year. I think we've done a great job on that. We have been on top of it and that will clearly help us as well as we go into next year.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Well, Nathan, this is Tom. If you look at it in total, these are some pretty good MROSs for North America, because it's still going to come up full year in that 25% to 30% range. And all the particulars that you're talking about the ins and outs, these are still good numbers with a second half that really reflects I think what you're saying. The first half has still got the redundant plans and activities that we're doing there over time, et cetera, that will be running. And you're going to the second half with 40% to 50%, which is going to reflect all of the numbers that you're seeing. And so I think it's weighed down primarily because of the first half performance. But a full year in a 25% to 30% range is a very good number, given the plant closure activity we'll complete in the first half.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: So, Nathan, it's Tom. Yes, I would feel that that's the right way to describe it. I would not – just for everybody that's listening, I would not over-read the second half. Obviously, we get the benefit of being one of the first companies to describe 2019 and we're giving it our best visibility based on the models that we've built to describe that. But I think this environment, I'm very encouraged by the economic environment, the activity levels we have with our customers and our distributors. So I think, obviously, the second half has got opportunities to improve.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Ann, it's Tom. And I'm not going to go by country by country, but it continues to be a good region for us. I think most of what we saw was seasonal and typical Europe as they go into the summer period and the heavy holiday time for Europeans. In general, if you were to look at how Europe trends versus our other regions, it tends to tread at a lower growth rate. So that was not unexpected. And that's really what we forecasted for Europe as we go into the next year. At a high level, it's Latin America at the highest growth rate, North America and Asia towards the top end of that range that I described 2.5% to 5%, and Europe being more towards the lower end of that range.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: So, I think a good number is always that 30% plus or minus a little bit. And we are on a march here. We're going to get to 19% segment operating margins and 20% EBITDA margins and we're not going to stop. But that's the next bridge we want to go over. And we gave some visibility in the Investor Relations Day as to various buckets that we're going to go after. But what I'm so encouraged by is we're in an environment now, unless we go back to the first Investor Day that we hosted for you when Lee and I both took our jobs, we thought we were living on a 1% to 2% organic growth world. And whether our 2.5% to 5% ends up being an actual number, it's still a significantly better environment for industrial companies than it was just a couple of years ago. And you put all the changes we've outdone on the new Win Strategy around engagement and ownership, our premier customer experience, things we're doing, that experience for customers, all of the initiatives and growth, this has been the best period we've had demonstrating growth greater than the market than we probably have done in the last 10 years. And we continue – which we plan to do in 2019 and clearly set a new standard for ourselves. And then the financial performance initiatives, we haven't talked much about simplification on the call yet, but we're early days in that because we are just now starting to tackle the 80/20 of our revenue complexity and we've got more to do on Lean and supply chain and pricing activities. So I'm very encouraged. We had a lot of work that we're doing that is sometimes difficult to see what's happening underneath, which is why I tried to give us much color as I could to the EBITDA side of things and the fact that we hit record reported margins. Just to put it in context, FY 2012 15.2% and the reported margin this year is 15.7%. Well that was in round numbers almost $200 million. If you add up all the incremental D&A from CLARCOR the incremental costs to achieve and the restructuring $200 million of headwind and we still put 50 basis points higher than the all-time record of the company. I think, which is the point you're getting at, is once you start to move from that and you have less of those unusual activities which we will once we clear FY 2019, there is a very strong underlying performance. And we're the kind of group that we're not going to be happy with static performance. So it's all about continuous improvement and driving EPS to higher levels for our shareholders.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: I'll take the IP question and I'll let Lee discuss the price cost. And this is Tom, Joe. So, we have to build this because you don't typically get a global industrial forecast based on the Parker fiscal year. But we do our best to build it. That forecast is approximately 2.7%. So at our range of 2.5% to 5%, we would clearly be performing at greater than that.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Yeah, Nicole. It's Tom. So, the short answer on tariffs, and I'll give you the longer one here in a second, is we're in good shape. Our supply chain model, we make, buy and service in the region for the region. So that naturally helps us. But if I just go through Section 232 and 301 here for a minute. So, 232, which is the steel and aluminum, because of the reduction in the number countries that are actually being exposed, the number of exemptions that were placed and the fact that this is down to milled products only, it's only about $1.5 million of impact for us, all of Section 232. And in Section 301, if you take list number one and list number two and even list number three, which is the $200 billion that the President has talked about, even at the latest number bumping it up to 25% tariff, that's about $18 million even all of that. So in round numbers, if you add the 232 at $1.5 million and $18 million for 301, you're looking at approximately $20 million for us. So it's pretty immaterial against our total direct material spend. And our process is, we're going to pass that on. We're going to cover that cost immediately. And we're not going to eat one dime of that and I think our customers understand that. And so this is small for us and we're going to cover it.
Lee C. Banks - Parker: Joe, this is Lee. Thanks for the question. As we've talked before in the past, we've got a pretty disciplined process inside the company where we start at the division level and measure our input costs through our PPI Index and measure our sales increases through our SPI Index. So we stay on top of it. There's definitely inflation in the channel and we've been very active in neutralizing it. And I would say everything we've done has been really margin neutral, at a minimum, for the company.
Lee C. Banks - Parker: Joel, can you believe me on one thing? I am not running out of things to do. No, I'll tell you, very proud of the team. We continue to make productivity improvements. We continue to change what we're working on in the factories. And I've used this analogy with many of you. We're in the early stages of our journey because there's constantly opportunities to eliminate waste in all the businesses and our teams are focused on doing that.
Lee C. Banks - Parker: And, Ann, this is Lee. I would just add on I've personally reached out to a lot of our larger customers. They are very, very encouraged going forward. So I think some of it is just seasonal, as Tom said.
Lee C. Banks - Parker: Joe, it's Lee. Just maybe reiterating what I mentioned earlier. So we've got some very good processes here internally that really track input costs and sales price. And at a minimum, we'll be margin neutral going forward. We are on top of it, have been on top of it. And if you look at us in cycles past where we've had inflation, we're pretty good at making sure, at worst case, we're margin neutral.
Lee C. Banks - Parker: Nigel, it's Lee. Definitely the distribution channel is a little more elastic than the OEM channel, but we've been effective in both channels. And there's inflation throughout it. So these are conversations nobody wants to have, but everybody understands where we have to get to. So we've been successful in both.
Jamie L. Cook: Hi. Good morning. First, just some color on the orders in for International Industrial. They were a little weaker than what I would have expected. So if you could just start with that. And then I have a follow-up question.
Jamie L. Cook: Okay. And sorry. Just a follow-up question on the last question on incrementals for 2019 second half better than first half. Is there any way you could just quantify or give a little more color? I think investors were expecting low-20s in the first half, 30s in the second half. Is that the right way to still think about it? Thanks.
Jamie L. Cook: And it just seems more back-end loaded versus before. If you could just give a little color on that.
