Jon P. Marten: Okay. Thank you, Candace. And, again, good morning, everybody, and welcome to Parker-Hannifin's fourth quarter FY 2016 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tom Williams and President and Chief Operating Officer Lee Banks. Today's presentation slides, together with the audio webcast replay, will be accessible on the company's Investor Information website at phstock.com for one year following today's call. On slide number 2, you'll find the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements, as well as our non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations for any references to non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's press release and are posted on Parker's website at phstock.com. Turning to today's agenda on slide number 3, to begin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams, will provide highlights for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2016. Following Tom's comments, I'll provide a review of the company's fourth quarter and full-year 2016 performance, together with the guidance for FY 2017. Tom will then provide a few summary comments, and then we'll open the call for a Q&A session. At this time, I'll turn it over to Tom and ask that you refer to slides number 4 and 5.
Jon P. Marten: Yeah. Jamie, Jon here. Just for the restructuring in FY 2017, of the $48 million, we're expecting $30 million in savings in FY 2017. And the restructuring savings that would have been incurred based on FY 2016 actions rolling into FY 2017 is about $25 million. So that is obviously helping our margins going forward, and it's a big driver to our future health, as Tom outlined earlier. So those are the details there. They are about half North America, half international. And one other way to describe them is that they're about one-half simplification efforts and one-half traditional restructuring, which would include some plant closures.
Jon P. Marten: Yeah. I mean, Josh, altogether I think you've got it. I mean, it's going to be mix. It's going to be further productivity that we're going to realize. It's going to be Lean. It's going to be the normal Parker operating protocols that we use. And we are expecting, without regard to the realignment that we did in FY 2016 and we plan to do in FY 2017, to become even more productive in FY 2017. And so, yes, that's how we bridge that gap internally here.
Jon P. Marten: Yeah. I would say that that's correct. I mean, the volume being flat, as Tom described, in North America, maybe getting a little bit better as the year goes on, and FY 2017 is going to help us from a marginal standpoint in North America and internationally. We are seeing good productivity gains that we've made from the restructurings that we've done in FY 2016 and really, frankly, for FY 2015 also. So we feel like we are very well-positioned from a cost structure standpoint, and we are poised with any tailwinds at all at the high level to really be able to generate some impressive incremental margins, once the volume turns around.
Jon P. Marten: Yeah, I think working capital is going to be positive. Now, we're going to show sales growth in Q4, so that will be a slight drag. But we are making tremendous progress on our cost controls, as well as our inventory management. Our inventories are, with this kind of a decline in sales, are at a historic low as a percent of sales. We expect our ability to manage through inventories to more than offset the drag that we might have from the AR as our Q4 shows a little bit better. Our funded status right now for our pension plans is at 65%, which is a little bit lower than we would want it to be, and that's pure assets to liabilities. Of course, regulatorily, we're well over 100% required, but there would be an argument to make that from a voluntary contribution standpoint that it would make sense given our assets and liability funded status at 65% right now.
Jon P. Marten: Okay. The savings carryover into FY 2017, $25 million. The savings related to the FY 2017 restructuring, $30 million.
Jon P. Marten: Yeah, those are the numbers. I hate to draw a straight line between the restructuring and the savings and our increased guidance, because there's a lot of other factors, as you well know, Dave, that go into that. But, yeah, that would be one way to look at it.
Jon P. Marten: Just a quick comment on the Brexit impact, Jeff. We're in a position where we manufacture and ship out of the UK more than we buy into the UK. And so, since we export more than we import, we don't see that really having an impact on our near-term financials. Now, to the extent that the Brexit impact long term starts to impact the economics there, we'll be watching that very closely, but the UK overall, in terms of our sales there, will not meaningfully drive our top line numbers in any event.
Jon P. Marten: Okay. On the margin decline, basically, last year, there were a few contractual settlements in the Aerospace numbers. They did not repeat for this year. Of course, those are lumpy, and they can come sporadically. And so that's really the driver there, Andy. Now, from breaking those numbers down a little bit in terms of the sales, we are basically essentially flat in the commercial market. That's being kind of impacted by the ability for us to be in a position where our bizjet reduction is being overcome by our normal commercial increase. There's not been a significant change in the aftermarket there, and it's been basically flat for us. From a military standpoint, both OE and commercial, that has been up low double digits for us in the quarter, and that would be reflected not only in our sales but in our orders, and again all of these data that I give to you, because it's such a long-term business, it tends to be very lumpy. Our perfect world, we would be 50% commercial, 50% military. We're not now. I mean, we are 65% commercial, and the balance military right now. And in a perfect world, we'd be 50%-50% OEM versus aftermarket, and we're at 66% OEM right now. So that would be indicative of further aftermarket revenues to come as we are successful in our entry into service for all the commercial aircraft, and as the military ramps up over the next several years on some of the key programs that we're on. And so we have a lot of very high expectations for our performance and our growth there in Aerospace, and it's been a key to our successful FY 2016, and key to our guidance in FY 2017, too. So I hope that gives you some color there, Andy.
Jon P. Marten: Well, I think it's going to be efficiency. It's going to be the same adherence to all the programs that Tom has outlined before in our Aerospace segment. And it is going to be a natural mix, a positive for us here into FY 2017. Our growth on our new programs is going to be in the low single digits, and our growth in the repairs and aftermarket is going to be in the low single digits for FY 2017. And we also would expect to see our normal growth in our military aftermarket in FY 2017. So there's no one segment of the Aerospace that is driving the growth, and there's no one answer for you on the margins. It's more mix, and it's our ability to just continue to be productive in Aerospace on the margins, and it's across-the-board increases at each one of the major segments there in FY 2017, too.
Jon P. Marten: Yeah. I think that it is a reflection of our ability to implement Lean. There is an uptick in of course the incremental returns they're going to get, because as Tom and Lee have kind of described, we're going to see an upturn in sequential revenues as the year goes on, especially in Industrial international. That's our best estimate right now. And so we will see some marginal returns there. That 20% number, it seems, off the top of my head, reasonable, but I don't want to give you the impression that there's not also a lot of favorable disposition in our international Industrial margins because of our ability to continue to penetrate markets, gain market share, and grow in ways that are really quite favorable for the company here and helping us with our guidance in 2017.
Jon P. Marten: Okay. Thank you. And I think this will be the balance of our call here today. I appreciate everybody's questions. I want to thank everybody for joining us. Robin and Ryan will be available throughout the day to take your calls, should you have any further questions. And I want to thank everybody again and wish everybody a good day.
Thomas L. Williams: Thanks, Jon. We are very proud of the fiscal 2016 results. I'd like to thank Parker team members around the world for their efforts. These accomplishments carry even greater significance given the $1.35 billion drop in sales that occurred during the year. While we still have much more to achieve, we are positioned well for fiscal 2017 and beyond under the framework provided by the Win Strategy. Together, we are building a stronger and better Parker. I look forward to sharing more with you as the year progress. So at this time, Candace, we're ready to take questions if you want to go ahead and open the lines.
Thomas L. Williams: Okay. Jamie, it's Tom. Let me just – the topics are kind of interwoven, so I'll start with the guide, what was behind it. And I'll start with, in case those of you that were on the phone didn't hear my opening comments, this is going to be year of sales leveling off, which after the sharp reduction that we had last year is going to be a very refreshing change for all of our people around the world. But the way we forecasted this is Q1's going to be soft, moving to essentially flat in Q2 with 1% to 2% sales growth in the second half. So our thoughts behind the numbers. The natural resource related end markets – so construction, ag, mining, and oil and gas – are moderating. Now, they're going to continue to be, year over year when we finish 2017, negative. But they're going to get to be less and less of a drag, especially in the second half. When you look at order entry that we had in Q4, in particular what drove our thoughts with international is that we had a positive international, plus 3%, and that was made up of Europe being basically flat, minus 1% in that area; Asia, plus 6%; and Latin America, plus 19%. So what's really driving our international sales forecast is a forecast of Europe being relatively flat and Asia-Pacific and Latin America being up a little bit, driving an international forecast of plus 2%. Now, you talk about North America. Now, what we saw in Q4 I characterized as continued choppiness around what we saw from Q3 to Q4. I mean, during the quarter, April started off a little bit softer than we would've liked. And then May and June were a little bit better. What we're seeing for North America for the full year, to give you some context as to the negative 3% that we have out there, is that we have a first half of minus 5% and a second half of minus 1%. And what's driving that is if you look at the natural resource related end markets that I described, they really bottomed the North America in our second half of the year. So we're not really anticipating any new catalysts – any new activity that's going to drive growth or sustainability beyond our current levels for natural resources. But what you're seeing in North America is easier comps in the second half, and we do have growth in North America in non-natural resource related markets like machine tools, telecom, life sciences, turf, refrigeration, that is going to now help to offset some of that – not completely because we're still end the North America at a minus 3%. Now, if I could, I'm just going to give you context – our view for the total end markets for the whole fiscal 2017, and I want to put an asterisk by this. I'm not trying to describe the entire end market. I'm just trying to describe our performance in that end market. So I have them in three buckets, positive, neutral, and negative. So on the positive side, what makes up our forecast is aerospace, lawn and turf, passenger rail, refrigeration and air conditioning, semicon, and telecom. In the neutral area is automotive, distribution, and life sciences, and power generation. Now, of significance is distribution in neutral now. Well, that's not an end market, it's a big channel for us, and the fact that distribution moves to neutral helps the year stabilize quite a bit. And then under negative is construction, farm and ag, forestry, general industrial, heavy-duty truck, marine, mining, and oil and gas. So that's the landscape, and I probably gave you more than you wanted to know, but that's what we think for 2017.
Thomas L. Williams: I mean, if I take Q4 sequentially, I was talking about there's really kind of two things that we saw: the natural resource related end markets – Josh, this is Tom, by the way, sorry. We still saw those in that minus 10% to minus 15% range, mining, oil and gas, ag, and the distribution that had exposure to that. But what gives us confidence is when you look at the non-natural resource related end markets in Q4, those saw anywhere from flat to a plus 15%, so distribution being up mid-single digits, which is a big part of North America. Machine tools, telecom, life sciences, turf, refrigeration and air conditioning has been very strong for us and automotive about flat, slightly positive. So that was really the mix that felt us good about the North America forecast. The other part is that we do know that the natural resource comps in those particular end markets gets much easier in the second half, which is why our first quarter for North America, we're not anticipating anything much differently than what we saw in the current quarter. Maybe a hair better because the comps get easier in the second half, is why we forecasted a better comp in the second half.
Thomas L. Williams: Nathan, it's Tom. I think the confidence would be, if you just took oil and gas as an example. Nobody could've anticipated going back 12 months ago the rig count reduction that happened, but now the rig counts have stabilized, and the last several weeks, minus maybe a week or two, have actually improved. We're not forecasting them to get any better, but just by the comps, and the fact that they've decelerated or are starting to hold that level, it makes our second half naturally a little bit better. I don't think we're out on a limb with North America at a minus 1% in the second half, given that we normally have a second half a little bit better, and the fact that I think we've seen the worst behind us in the natural resource areas, and those non-natural resource areas that I mentioned starting to show some growth for us. So I think that's why we picked what we did. And at this point, we're as confident as we can be. Of course, every quarter we'll update you as that changes.
Thomas L. Williams: Nathan, it's Tom again. It's hard to do on an order basis. I'll give you what we saw sequentially on sales. This is what I was mentioning earlier. We saw natural resources in that minus 10% to minus 15% range, including the distribution related to natural resources. And then the non-natural resources were all zero to plus 15%, depending on – refrigeration and air conditioning being the strongest given this time of year. So that's the mix. And the natural resource areas – again, that's about where we've been, give or take a little bit. And as we look to the second half of the year, those comps just get easier for us, and that becomes less of a drag. And the positive end markets start to get us to the minus 1% second half that we forecasted.
Thomas L. Williams: Nathan, it's Tom. I think we would. I mean, historically, when we've come out of a downturn, we would be maybe at plus 40%, and then start to – every quarter that went from the initial uptick, we start to glide down to a plus 30%, and then as you get deeper into a growth segment (42:19) you're in the 20s, potentially probably bottoming out in the upper teens. But I think what we've done structurally, and the fact that we are simpler, leaner, and have a much better cost structure, we would never been able to put up the MROSes that we put up without doing the actions that we've taken. And just – it's worth repeating again, the all-in reported MROS, 19.5% – so that's all the restructuring – $109 million, which is the highest restructuring we've done in the history of the company. Even with all that, we put up a 19.5% MROS. So, yes, I think it can be higher. Could I peg a number? No, that would be difficult to do, but I would expect it to be higher than we've done historically.
Thomas L. Williams: Hey, Joe. This is Tom. I'll start off, and I'd like Lee to just tag-team. I mean, the confidence here is that when we look at how the quarter came out, sequentially distribution was basically flat, and those non-natural resource related areas that we've talked about in the past in the various regions are growing mid-single digits. And we have a really on-purpose program to add distribution, especially in the emerging areas in Asia, in Eastern Europe, Africa, Latin America. And our teams are working very hard at that. And when we look at the emerging markets, they're showing some positive growth in distribution. So I think that combination of all those gives us confidence that we can come in at a neutral for distribution. I don't know if Lee has anything else to add.
Thomas L. Williams: David, it's Tom. So international, up 3%, 1 point of that is acquisitions; that's the Jäger acquisition for the year. So it's 2 points of growth for international, and our forecast is that that's Europe at flat, Asia plus 4%, and Latin America plus 15%. Now, recognize Latin America is a small number, and it's balancing off a very sharp decline. And what's supporting that is the orders that we saw in Q4 and has continued into July is that of the international orders, we saw Europe around flat. We've seen Asia orders plus 6%, and Latin America orders plus 19%. So we see some opportunities in Asia and Latin America in particular, and we see Europe as neutral. That's what's making up the plus 2% for international.
Thomas L. Williams: Okay, Jeff. It's Tom. So let me start with just a clarification. We only have one more quarter left in the share repurchase plan. It was October to October, 2014 to 2016. So we'll come in at the $2 billion level of that range that we said. And what's really kind of – the factors that we've considered of what that is that 99% of our cash is permanently invested overseas. We do have a desire to maintain that A rating, and our debt to total cap is at around almost 40%. And when we started the program, we were at $13 billion company; now we're $11.4 billion. Now, we're very proud of the double-digit cash flow that we've been able to generate, but it's double digits off of a smaller number. So that's what is kind of framing why we're going to come in at the low end of the range. Now, going forward, our desire – let me first state that we want to be great generators of cash, and I think we've done a great job there. We're going to continue to do an even better job, and we want to be known as a company that really spins off a lot of cash. On the flip side, we want to be known as a company that deploys it very effectively on behalf of the shareholders, and you've heard me say this before, but those maybe have not, I'll repeat it. First and foremost, as far as our priorities, is to continue our dividend track record. Then we're going to fund organic growth because it's the most efficient growth that you can fund. And then really it's a dynamic review on a case-by-case basis between share repurchase and acquisitions, and really with the goal of generating the best long-term value for our shareholders. On the share repurchase, you won't see us do another announcement type of process. I think what's better for shareholders is to be active, to have a muscular balance sheet, but to tell you after the fact, because when we announce in advance, we're buying into our own wind, and I don't think that helps shareholders. I think we want to do it after the fact. That's the most effective way to use our cash and to help shareholders. Regarding acquisitions, the pipeline is active. But I talked last quarter, and the valuations continue to be, I would call it, historically high. But I do think time is on our side here because we buy properties in spaces that we understand. So we understand the growth rates. I think sellers' expectations on growth rates is going to start to temper as they recognize that the growth rates that they think their business is going to do is not going to actually come to fruition. And I think you'll see our pipeline become more actionable. We've always been disciplined buyers. And we'll always continue to buy properties that we know we can deliver on for our shareholders. So we'll look at all that. And, again, the goal is to have a muscular balance sheet and do what's best for our shareholders.
Thomas L. Williams: Yeah. Jeff, I'll start on Asia. I'm going to let Jon make some comments on Brexit. But what we saw on Asia, we actually had positive sales in Asia for June and with the positive order entry that we had in Q4 and will continue into July. We saw plusses in life sciences – I'm speaking about Asia in general – passenger rail, power gen, machine tools, and probably of significance, because for the many years we've been talking about this, we've started to see some signs of life in mobile construction, in particular India and Japan, but the good thing is China has finally flattened out, and we've actually saw some new incremental orders in China. And we have all the countries across Asia growing, with the exception of Korea, and Korea just has a little more exposure to some of those global OEMs, and so that will to start to recover as well. So that's what behind our thoughts on Asia, and I'll let Jon talk about Brexit.
Thomas L. Williams: Yeah, Steve, it's Tom. I think there's really been great momentum for us across the company on simplification. I think I mentioned in my opening comments, the combination of putting simplification with our Lean enterprise efforts is really giving us an amplification of being able to look at costs and processes differently than maybe we have in the past. But, as I've mentioned before, and I'll kind of give you some comments as to where I think we can go on these, there's four big areas that we're focused on. The first is that whole revenue complexity, or maybe another way of saying it is that product line simplification, the tail of revenue, the last couple percent of revenue. We are in very early days on that. That is probably our biggest opportunity going forward, and that will be a multiyear journey as we continue to find more efficient ways to service that tail, take care of our customers, but work on the SG&A, the speed at which we can handle those type of orders, speed at which we can service customers. A lot of organization design activity will happen related to that. So that will be a net win for our customers as well as us, but very early days on that. That's the harder part because there's thousands and thousands of part numbers to go through. That's the more complicated part of it. We've done a lot of work organizationally and process-wise; that's the second bullet. And I still see lots of opportunities there. I think you'll see a focus on the number of levels within the company, span of controls, just putting together an organization design that is the most effective design for our customers and for our people. On the division consolidations, I think we've taken a pretty big step already on that piece. We had 28 divisions, so basically a quarter of all of our divisions going through some kind of consolidation, down to 14. So that dropped our total count of divisions from 115 to 101. Lee is working with the presidents on that. And we don't have anything to announce because, in fairness to our people, we would not announce that in a public forum like this. But we've already taken a big step there. I think you'll see just more fine-tuning on that as we go. And then on bureaucracy, there's lots and lots of opportunities within the company. The whole annual plan process that we redid was a huge upside for people as far as being able to free up their time to do other things. So I would say we're very pleased with where we've come so far, but there's a lot more to go on that. And if you have anything else, Steve, I'd be happy to answer any more.
Thomas L. Williams: Oh. Yeah, so we continue to look at the divestitures. That's an ongoing basis. But we like the portfolio as a whole. And you look at our nine motion control technologies, and you look at the seven operating groups. 60% of our customers buy from four or more of those seven groups. So our customers see the power of the systems we can do, the synergies that we can do, across those technologies. That being said, we still look at properties that we think potentially weren't strategic to us or where we weren't the best corporate owner. We'll continue to do that, but I would characterize that as very small, trimming around the edges type of divestitures.
Jamie L. Cook: Hi. Good morning. I guess a couple questions on the guidance. One of the things that struck me is generally when you guys guide for the fiscal year you come in well below consensus and you're sort of at the midpoint, which struck me. So any comment on that? But specifically, I'm trying to get comfortable with – can you give color on the orders in North America, which I think were down in the 10% range, which I guess surprised me. So I'm trying to bridge that with your sales guidance in North America, which seems more optimistic. And then at the same time, on a down sales year over year, you're expecting margin improvement on an adjusted basis. So if you could address those issues, I'd appreciate it. Thank you.
Jamie L. Cook: That's helpful on the top line. Sorry, just to clarify, though, because I'm trying to understand the margin story.
Jamie L. Cook: Like if you could tell me the incremental savings from restructuring actions taken in 2016 that help 2017, and then the $48 million of charges in 2017, how much of that do we realize? The $48 million in cost, how much of that do we realize in savings? And I'm assuming most of that's in North America. And then I'll get back in queue. Thank you.
Joe Ritchie: My first question is really around just distribution. So, Tom, your comments that distribution's going to be neutral – or your (43:25) expectation is neutral in 2017. Can you give us some thoughts there? I mean, clearly as we ended the quarter, the data points that we got from the industrial markets were pretty weak. We got a slightly more positive data point today from Fastenal. And so maybe just comment on what you're seeing in distribution that will give you the confidence that it actually can be neutral in 2017.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. And then maybe one follow-on question for Jon. Can you maybe talk a little bit about your cash bridge for next year? So specifically I'm interested in your pension-funded status, whether there's going to be an additional contribution in 2017, and then any other puts and takes that you could talk about from a cash flow perspective for next year? Thank you.
Joe Ritchie: I guess just what the funded status of your pension is today and whether you expect working capital to be positive or negative next year.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Okay. So basically the segment profit for the year, total company, has guided up about $72 million, $55 from savings and $21 million from pension. Is that essentially the number you have? (49:56)
David Raso - Evercore ISI: That's a generic flat revenues, keep profit flat ideally on it, at $20 million plus for pension and $55 million for save, and that's the generic framework.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: My question was the international growth cadence. Can you walk us through – and you said it earlier, I apologize – I know you said it for North America, but I might have missed it internationally. The up 3% for the year, 3.2% to be exact – how do we get there from the down 3% we're exiting the year? Comps get easier, orders are up, but if you can help us with the cadence.
