Thomas Williams: Thank you, Don, and thank you to everyone for joining on the call today. I am honored and excited to be the new CEO of Parker. I'd like to take this moment on behalf of all of the Parker employees to thank Don for his great leadership as CEO and President of our company. His vision and his passion have completely transformed Parker and yielded significant improvements in our results over the years. I really like our new leadership structure. As most of you know, Lee Banks and I have worked closely together, as the two Operating Officers for the company. I look forward to continuing to work side-by-side with Lee, as each of us take on our new roles as CEO and President and COO, respectively. In addition, we are fortunate to have a talented and deep leadership team that do a great job executing the win strategy. My near-term goals are, first, to continue with the performance improvements that are underway and deliver on our financial commitments for this fiscal year. Second, to execute our current capital allocation strategy of increasing annual dividends, investments for organic and acquisition growth and share buybacks. The win strategy will continue as the business system and overarching strategy for the company. However, with new corporate leaders, it is an opportune time to refresh the win strategy. Over the next several months we will be listening and assessing, as we formulate more detailed long-term plans for our company. Our goal is to take the win strategy and the company's performance to the next level. Don's leadership and the win strategy have positioned Parker well for future growth, and it is now my job to build upon the success and reinforce our position as the leader in motion control technologies. I'll now hand things back over to Robin, to provide a closer look at the results.
Thomas Williams: Nathan, its Tom. Just to add onto that, we've seen from some of the construction OEMs that they are actually shutting down the whole month of January all the way to Chinese New Year. So that's what's impacting some of those numbers.
Thomas Williams: Joe, this is Tom. No, that is definitely very unusual. Maybe they might extend it a week, but to extend it for that period of time is definitely unusual. That's one of the impacts we included in the international segment for the second half of the year.
Thomas Williams: Jeff, this is Tom. I would characterize the pipeline as kind of skinny right now; not as deep as we would like to have. Valuations continue to be high. However, our strategy is still to grow via acquisitions. And we've got a history of being a great acquirer and gaining a lot of synergies as we do that, so we will continue to do that. We do want to beef up that pipeline. That will be one of the things that Lee and I focus on is to increase that pipeline. I don't see here during the share buyback period us doing a very large deal. I think we are focus on our bread-and-butter acquisitions, the normal size you've seen us do historically. Maybe after that if it made sense and the right property came along we would look at it, but I think we'll focus on our space and the sizes you've seen us do in the past.
Thomas Williams: As far as materials and price, maybe just step back for a second and talk about how we normally look at those. But we always look at Sell Price Index or SPI, and we look at purchase price index that we're paying coming in. And the goal is always to have that be slightly positive, which is what we have factored into the guidance. When I look at materials, it's kind of a mixed bag. We've got aluminum and zinc that are slightly bit plus, I'm giving you prices versus the prior year. On the negative side, meaning prices going down in castings, copper, but remember copper is typically indexed for a lot of our OEMs and flows through on pricing and material that happens. Nickel is soft. And then bar stock is flat. So it's kind of a mixed bag, but what's in the guidance is a slightly positive help with PPI versus SPI.
Thomas Williams: The range is really going to be predicated by what other capital opportunities are out there, primarily acquisitions. So we are committed to the minimum side for sure, the $2 billion. But if we saw acquisitions that we liked, we would stay at the low end of that at the $2 billion. If there wasn't a lot of activity that we could action, you'll see us towards the top end.
Thomas Williams: I will start on the technology platforms and I'll let Don go through all the markets. So first on the motion systems and really the flow of process control at the two technology platforms that were soft. If you look at all the platforms, they had the most exposure to some of the soft end-markets, farm and ag, construction and mining, so those are why those two are down. But then what did the technology platform show you is the power of the portfolio here, so engineered materials and filtration, and aerospace were positive offsetting that because of their exposure to automotive, telecom and of course, anything related to aerospace has been positive. Truck, marine and even with early signs in oil and gas, oil and gas is still positive year-over-year for us. So the motion and flow in process control, they were soft because of those ag, construction, and mining. But I'll let Don go through the typical market review.
Jon Marten: I think for the quarter, for our Q2, the order trends came in as we expected. We had a very good October. We had a pretty good November, and then a very good December. So the trends in the quarter were not deeply changing from month-to-month, but we did have a very good December. So that's what led to our guidance that we ended up providing here for the balance of the year.
Jon Marten: Well, going forward on that is our latest analysis of all the lines in the income statement going for the next six months. And when we put them all together, Nathan, it's really primarily stock-based compensation. There is also some charges that we take at corporate that we won't need to take, that has to do with some really technical accounting work in terms of LIFO. So that's it in a nutshell. There's not one significant thing other than stock-based compensation.
Jon Marten: No, I think, overall, Don hasn't gone through the markets yet. But if we had to give one answer to it, it would be our viewpoint on the weaker oil and gas going forward and that is built into our second half. It is not a pronounced number at this point. We're watching it very closely, but that would be the major driver, Nathan.
Jon Marten: Andrew, just to start with oil and gas, and then I'll get to the aerospace later. Big picture, our most recent 12 months oil and gas exposure is about $800 million. That's about 6% of our sales, half of that is OEM, half of that is aftermarket. It is also almost half in North America and about 35% in Europe and the balance around the world. We feel really good about the diversity of our oil and gas exposure. Half of it being in the aftermarket gives us less variability that we think that we'll see there going forward. We've made great strides in our oil and gas exposure, bringing new technology, new innovation, new products to markets that have not seen our technology before. That's what's helped us really more than double our oil and gas exposure over the last five years. And we're making inroads in that market, because of the productivity and the savings that we're bringing to our customers. Now, of course, going forward we're keeping a close eye on how that market is going to trend. Right now, today, anecdotally of course, we are hearing some comments from our customers. It is not going to impact our Q3, and that's what's built into our guidance dramatically. We don't think that it's going to really have a dramatic impact in our Q4 either. We do feel like that, given our exposure, given our diversity and given the different types of upstream and downstream exposure that we have to oil and gas, that we won't be hurt as badly as you might think that we would, given the $800 million in sales in the past 12 months. So file that we are going to keep everybody updated each quarter going forward. And we know that we'll have an impact, but how big that will be is impossible to say right now. We are just going to kind of continue to update you as the quarters go on. So that's the big picture on oil and gas. On the aerospace spares, I think that in our guidance going forward we have a modest increase in our spares projected for the second half. There is no doubt that as time goes on that spares and repairs, as a percentage of our aerospace business, will increase. When that inflection point is, as to when it starts to ramp up dramatically, is a question of debate right now. It's certainly not in our FY '15. When we pull together FY '16 and we start really making our way through the OEM super cycle that we're in right now, we'll be able to really have a better estimate as many of the new aircraft start to order spares as they get more hours on them. So I think it is clearly a tailwind for us going forward.
Jon Marten: Well, our FX, your right, it does convert at our average margin and so we are reducing our sales forecast going forward. We are seeing in our international business, John, some additional headwinds when it comes to reaching the sales goals that we thought that we would get and so we're not getting the absolute margins that we are looking for. But it is true that our margins are and our updated guidance are slightly down.
Jon Marten: Yes, it would be in Europe. We have a very healthy oil and gas business in Europe and so that would be part of it. And also would be internationally in China with the additional issues that we are calling out here in the construction end-markets there too.
Jon Marten: Well, in our original guidance there are two things that are really driving that. One is the legislation that was passed in December and we've gotten a significant research and development one-time credit. We're also building in our tax rate the impact of the balance of the legislation and the extenders legislation that was passed. But also, we updated our guidance in terms of what our international income will be vis-à-vis our total income for the year. And when we did that it is counterintuitive, but when we did do that we did end up showing a larger percentage of our international income in our tax rate, therefore, driving down the overall tax rate for the company.
Jon Marten: It has to do with the mix of income by country internationally, and I can explain that to you in more detail if you would like.
Jon Marten: We are seeing that R&D, as a percent of sales, is going to still be right around the 9% level here, so that would be our update for you today, Joe. I think that it is going to be additional volume through the second half that is going to drive margins further. It is also going to be a slightly better mix for us in the commercial MRO and business here vis-à-vis our OEM business going forward here too, which will be driving incremental margins for us.
Jon Marten: Joe, our intent is to have our CP market, our CP balance at zero by June 30. So we are going to be funding our additional incremental stock buybacks through operating cash flow.
Jon Marten: Well, the debt that we called out at the end of last year was used to pay down, as Robin explained on the CP and that we had an outstanding, so.
Jon Marten: The average price that we paid for the $1.2 billion was $126.5. And the ending share count at the end of the quarter was 148.7 million.
Jon Marten: Well, I thought that you asked for the period ending number there, Jeff, so I would have to get back to you on the average for the quarter. I can tell you this, the average for the year that is included in our guidance is 145.8 million.
Jon Marten: Well, we see the split in Q3 and Q4 to be just about 50-50. The stock comp expense being down as we update our guidance just has to do with -- there's a lot of variables involved, but in general it has to do with our relative profitability, our relative profitability to our past, our relative profitability in accordance with our proxy peers. And it also has to do with how we are trending long-term over a three and four-year time period. We are constantly updating those updates in accordance with the plan determinations, and as we do that it's just incumbent upon us to keep the guidance updated. That line in our income statement can be quite variable over time, so we are just trying to give you the best information that we have today.
Jon Marten: Jeff, I think the really key message there is that there were -- our European restructuring program is just about complete, so the dialing back of the restructuring program has more to do with projects that we had underway outside of Europe that were dialed in for our fourth quarter. And we didn't really have much savings built, any savings built in to our FY '15 that were going to impact FY '16. And those projects are moved out of our guidance and may or may not be in our FY '16 guidance. We have not made that final determination yet, but we'll update you then.
Donald Washkewicz: No, those are really the incrementals for North America. And you're right. First of all, you're absolutely right on international. It is almost all currency driving that change in the margins. But for North America there are certain types of R&D, certain types of investments, this is consistent with what our guidance was at the end of last quarter. And so there is not one particular item altogether, there is a series of different items built into the guidance for the second half that is impacting slightly the incrementals for North America, which are at all-time high Q2 returns.
Donald Washkewicz: Almost all of it is currency. We are seeing some organic weakness in China in the construction business going forward, and that's impacting the numbers a little bit. And also internationally in oil and gas that's impacting the numbers a little bit. But that's less than 20% of the guidance going forward here. It's almost more than 80% of the reduction there, Nathan, is currency.
Donald Washkewicz: Maybe I will start with the regions. If we look at Industrial North America, the way I would describe it would be moderately steady growth there. 3/12 order trends north of 100, at about 104; 12/12 running about 105. So Industrial North America pretty consistent with what we have been talking about as far as our order activity here has been moderate, steady growth and it has been positive. Europe is flat, 3/12 100 to 101 in that range, pretty flat. 12/12 running about 100, which means there is virtually no growth in Europe currently. So that's what is happening there. By the way, that does not include the headwind from the currency. This is just the underlying growth of the region. Slower growth in Asia, 3/12 running about 102; 12/12 still at 107, so we would expect the 12/12 to trend down slightly over the next several months. And we'll be updating that as we go forward. Then declining growth in Latin America, we talked about that before. Latin America is one of the toughest regions out there right now. We have a smaller position there, but it's still a tougher region, 3/12 running about 90%. And then I want to just comment a little bit on some of the key markets in the same fashion that I have in the past. But one thing that I do want to point out and that we tend to overlook in many cases is our distribution channel. That is one of the strongest segments we have of all segments. It represents half of our industrial business. 3/12 trend on distribution alone is running about 110%, which is extremely strong. 12/12 is running about 110%, so here is a segment of our business that's just going full blast and doing extremely well. So I would say that segment is very strong. The other very strong segment out there right now is heavy-duty truck; 3/12 cyclical or pressure curve is running about 112%; 12/12 running about 110%, so very comparable to our distribution. Those are the two strongest market segments for us right now, doing extremely well. We see early recovery in our numbers in the construction, interesting enough; 3/12 on the construction side; off-highway running about 110%; 12/12 still closer to 100%, but that would bode well. It seems like early days in a construction recovery that we are witnessing right now and that would be positive going forward. I'm not talking about Asia so much now when I'm talking about that because what Tom said is still true in Asia; there is somewhat of a slowdown there. This would be more reflective of what's happening in North America. Another segment would be semicon market segment, that's pretty much flat; 3/12 and 12/12 running about 100%. I think everyone knows that ag is weakening. 3/12 there is running around 90%; 12/12 running about 90%, so that probably has not hit bottom yet. Hopefully that would happen within the near term. So that is a little bit of headwind going against us. And then aerospace, of course, is strong; 12/12 running around 110% there as well, so that is doing well. So those would be some of the pressure curves vis-à-vis be the order trend curves now, and then I will just give you some sequential activity in the different markets as I have done in the past. Markets that are trending sequentially very strong for us would be all the aerospace, both the commercial and defense side with the exception of the defense OEM. So defense aftermarket, commercial OEM and aftermarket being very positive sequentially. I mentioned distribution being very strong. Cars and light trucks, forestry, telecom, marine are all positive sequentially. Heavy-duty trucks I mentioned before extremely strong right now, and industrial trucks and material handling positive as well, along with residential air-conditioning. The list of segments that are sequentially going down or negative is relatively short. We've got aerospace and defense, OEM business, farm and ag, which I just mentioned earlier, machine tools, general industrial, life sciences, and mining would be on the negative side. And then kind of flat right now, but with the comments that I made earlier, still in effect, flat being off-highway construction. Again, keep in mind that North America looking a little bit positive in the early going here and Asia being more negative in construction. The other flat segments for us would be semiconductor, lawn and turf, power gen, and then commercial refrigeration, commercial air-conditioning, and industrial refrigeration. So hopefully that was helpful. It will give you a little bit more color on some of the segments and some of the regions out there as to what's happening. But I think the take away is that, yes, there is some headwinds that we have, but the nice thing is, as Parker is so broad based in so many different market segments, there's some nice tailwinds as well that are offsetting some of the headwinds that we are seeing.
Donald Washkewicz: Thank you. Just a few closing comments. First of all, I want to again thank everyone on the call for joining us this morning, especially in the tough environment that you have out there for those up in the Northeast of course. I also want to thank you. I heard a lot of congratulations on the phone and I just want to thank you for those congrats, both for Tom and Lee and myself in our new assignments. I have certainly enjoyed participating on our quarterly calls over the past 15 years. Fortunately for Parker and our shareholders, they have been some of the best years in the company's history. With Tom and Lee now at the helm, I am totally confident that they will continue the momentum we have established and improve upon the successes we have had. I am pleased to end on a positive note as we anticipate that fiscal '15 will be a record year and that we will exceed our much sought after goal of 15% segment operating margin over the cycle. As always, I will take this opportunity to thank our employees, our global employees, our global workforce for their continued commitment and success, not only today, but during all of the years that I have led Parker. Our global team has done an amazing job executing the win strategy and delivering positive year results year-over-year. My best wishes and thanks to all of you in the financial community for your support of Parker. I look forward to continuing to serve our shareholders, along with my fellow directors and our new management team as Chairman of the Board. Of course, if you have any additional questions, Robin and Todd will be around for the balance of the day. And so with that, I'd just want to once again thank you and have a great day.
