Todd Leombruno: Thank you Rachel. And good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining our FY 22 Q1 earnings release webcast. As Rachel said, this is Todd Leombruno our Chief Financial Officer. And joining me today is Tom Williams, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Lee Banks, our Vice Chairman and President. If I could direct you to Slide 2, you will see our disclosure statement addressing our forward-looking statements and Non-GAAP financial measures. As usual, we've included all reconciliations for any Non-GAAP measures in today's materials. Those reconciliations and our presentation are accessible under the investor section on Parker.com. and will remain available for 1 year. The agenda is as usual, Tom is going to begin with some highlights on the quarter. He's got a few strategic comments to you that he'd like to add. And then I'll follow-up with a very brief financial summary of our quarter and provide some color to the details on the increase in our guidance that we released this morning. Tom will close with a few closing summary comments, and then we'll open up the lines and take your questions. Just one reminder regarding the pending mega acquisition. We are still bound by the requirements of the UK takeover code. And respect to discussing certain transaction details. So that's just a reminder for everyone with now, I'll ask you to move to slide 3. And I'll hand it up to Tom.
Todd Leombruno: Well, 3 months ago we we're doing an annual guide, so we're careful of the annual guide, again as Tom, as to getting too far over our skis. We try to factor in an element of uncertainties with supply chain because we were experiencing them already when we did the August guide. I think we weathered the supply chain issues better than we had anticipated, allowing us to generate higher organic growth. And then the operating margins are I think indicative of really multiple years of effort. It's a combination of when 2.0, when 3.0, the capital deployment, buying
Todd Leombruno: Thanks for the question, Jeff. Alright. I think that concludes our FY '22 Q1 earnings webcast. Thank you to everyone for joining us today. As usual, Robin and Jeff are going to be here for follow-ups if anyone needs any. And I wish everyone has a great remainder of the day. Thanks again.
Thomas Williams: Thank you, Mig. I appreciate you picked up on that comment during on the -- toward my opening comments. But yes. So what I would characterize, these are secular trends that feel longer than a normal business cycle. This is going to take decades to unfold electrification or living kind of a subset of that. And digitization continues to just transform out. We interface with each other and how we interface with the supply chain. So these are things that I view as being bigger, longer than a typical business cycle. For us, it's going to be a combination of infrastructure. So the infrastructure goes around the world to put these in place, things that are also onboard equipment in both of these are bill of material plus type of additions for us. And then also the fact that they should be faster-growing environments as a result of. We are doing innovation in this space but a lot of our portfolio today, which is what I mentioned on that one slide, 2/3 of today is already clean technology-related. Yes, we're adding some motors and motor controllers and software in addition to our current portfolio.  But our current portfolio was already designed to be very energy source  and be able to respond to these changing dynamics. We will try to give a little more context of this in Investor Day. But we just started before the call to try to last couple of days, quantify digital and the threat that it cuts to the Company and it's surprisingly large. And we'll give you more context on that with some actual numbers when we get to Investor Day, but, it has an opportunity you with -- you think of the Company is being very diverse. And probably no end markets outside of Aerospace being bigger than 5 or 6% digitals are threat to Custer, so many, it's going to be probably second to Aerospace, the biggest spread the Custer the Company. And ESG's unfolding for the next 20-30 years, as the world tries to get to carbon neutrality. So that's what I like if you've got a prior environment thinking on Liza by watch, 7 years to industrial recessions in a pandemic. I think we're facing a much more constructive environment going forward.
Thomas Williams: So maybe I'll start with that Mig first. It's Tom again. On the orders, they were strong throughout the quarter and to help people, it's easier to look at it from a dollar value basis. It's dollar value was fairly consistent with what we saw on a prior quarters. We had nice consistency. The numbers in the 26% improvement went down from where we were in the mid 50s just because the prior period was improving. But we saw all regions strong internationally, all 3 of the national regions were pretty much the same. We reported our national as 25, but all 3 regions underneath there were pretty much plus or minus 25, give or take some change. On the margin side, I would say there was nothing in particular that is different other than what we've been doing all along which was when Strategy at 2.0 and 3.0 and a rapid resizing of the Company post-pandemic and then being very careful as we move into a higher demand of feathering costs and a very judicious type of fashion And a much more lean and natural fashion we've had ever before because our cost structure is so much better. I do think international has less supply chain disruptions than North America for sure, and you see that reflected in MROS.
Thomas Williams: Yeah, Jeff, so is Tom. So, I'm going to touch on customers and then a little bit about us because what you're referring to is really supply chain issues. And those would be the 2 fronts that it touches obviously. With our customers, I would say the supply chain has been much more acute in a bigger of an issue versus our own supply chain. What we've seen with orders from customers is that much more longer period duration, staggered release dates. Trying to make sure they have a spot in line, so to speak. We've had push-outs on delivery acceptance. So you may have a date as it's due. And due to other challenges they have as far as supply chain with other suppliers, they may not necessarily want that delivery which we fully understand. They don't want to sit on all this inventory.  There has been temporary idling of plants. And this isn't really type the OEs, but you've got to rolling energy shutdown we've had and been experiencing in China, which will continue pretty much all the way to the Olympics. We've done pretty well through all that. If I had to use round numbers, it's probably a $50 to $75 million impact as far as the OE customers filling supply chain, things that feathered it to us. I think overall demand with them continues to be strong, as more just sliding to the right and then trying to manage a more complex supply chain. Their inventory -- they've always been just in time and they are being very careful to not accept other inventory that they don't they need to can put together with holes that they might have in for bill material.
Thomas Williams: Yes, Scott, it's Tom. We cannot be happier with both of these transactions. LORD has proven to be more resilient and faster growing than legacy Parker, and that's what we had hoped for. Its margins are beating what we had expected in -- at this kind of cash flow that we've reviewed with the board. It's performing in the upper 20s EBITDA, so it's accretive on growth, it's accretive on margins, accretive on cash flow, and is exposed to more longer cycle businesses. Then Exotic has performed remarkably well. Remember, when we bought Exotic, nobody would've anticipated the 737 MAX being grounded for as long as it was. And even with that strength of their portfolio than the team, we've put up mid-20s EBITDA. So it's a little light on the top-line, mainly because of 2 things that match grounding and the pandemic. But its margins have held up very consistent to what we had approved for the port and we know we're at the beginning of a long cycle improvement there with Exotic. The aerospace traffic is going to come back and the max ramp up is coming back. So we've gotten through the worst of it and it's going to be quite an exciting transaction for us.
Thomas Williams: We do Scott, we have account managers that cover certain accounts and they're representing and looking at the entire business and that's how -- we're so organized operationally around technologies. But our commercial teams are organized around channels to market, either global OEMs, national OEMs, or distribution. And so it's that account management team that brings power -- power of Parker to their customers. Or if we go through our channel partners, these are our distributors. They are bringing the power of Parker and bringing that comprehensive offering together.
Thomas Williams: At this time, I would say it's probably at the top line. So what we tried to do with Q2, you saw that we raised the organic look full-year from 7% to 8.5%, and that was primarily by raising the second half. Our second half in a prior guide was 4.5% and a new guide is 6%. We left Q2, basically the same. And that's really based on what we saw in Q1 and in particular in October, around just supply chain challenges, more around what I was talking about with Jeff, around our customer demand and kind of the uncertainties or difficulty in predicting, delivery dates of time on this. On that, you also have -- you just look at the raw dollars, the dollars flow very much proportionally from Q1 to Q2. So normally in Q2, we would have less work days, which was what we have. In North America typically if you look is over the last 20 years. Our Q2 is typically a 4% lighter Q1 and their national typically 1% lighter.  We lowered North America air more minus 5 from a dollar standpoint versus Q1, mainly because that extra 100 bps of some supply chain uncertainties. And part of what we're looking at is those temporary idling that customers have been doing. And in particular, we haven't had any customers announced yet. You've got the holidays and it would be very easy for them just to extend a day or 1/2 day, those types of things. And so we're just trying to be pragmatic as to what Q2 would look like given the natural progression for Q1 and Q2, putting on a little bit of price changes. And so I think the difference would be on the top line because the incrementals for Q2, if you look at it on an apples-to-apples. again, taking out the discretionary basis that we had in prior Q2, it's another upper 50s, just like Q1.  So when you look at the operational excellence, upper 50s incrementals is pretty hard to beat. And so really the only difference you could have is top-line assumptions. I'm giving you the context of how we came up with our Q2.
Thomas Williams: And it's Tom, again. So yes, we don't always have complete visibility, but our backlog is increasing sequentially. North America, went up 14% and international went up 6%. So that's part of it. We're also just recognizing that the second half, we don't see -- significant improvement from supply chain. We think you'll get a little bit of most of those supply chain improvements will be more so into our FY '23. We have not been impacted a lot of that, but I think the difference you're seeing between orders and organic growth is what I was referring to earlier as customers putting in orders and having it be over multi-quarters release dates, whereas in the past they would give us orders that were much shorter cycle. These are longer cycle by industrial standards with release dates over multiple quarters.
Thomas Williams: Good, David, it's Tom, we could not be happier obviously, because it has been sort of companies been working on for a long time on international margins. So I would say it's started a while even before the changes still wind strategy. At least in my watch, it started with our team working very hard to change the cost structure in all international, in particular in EMEA. And just recognizing that all those different countries and different infrastructures, there was an opportunity to try to simplify that. So that's been going on for multiple years, having a more agile lower cost structure than a concerted effort to grow international distribution from where we started at 35% -- at 35-65% split. Now to 40 and we'll give you the latest when we get to Investor Day, but it's north of 40 now, so you getting some mix help there. We've had -- Asia is always historically been a very strong performer. We really kind of set that region up that we think you can think about over the last 30 years, we set that region up. The latest and so we took all the best practices that we had from everywhere around the world when we set that region up from a cost structure standpoint. But what's helped us a lot the last couple of years is the Europe team and Latin America being small for us, but both of those teams have made a marked improvement. And when we think going forward your other part of your question, David, we see no reason why they can't continue. We'll give you new targets when we get to March. But you see right now our full-year guide. basically North America international margins conversion. We had always hoped that they be basically the same. And so going forward, we don't see any reason why they can't be and they both have equal opportunity to grow to higher levels and we'll give you that vision in March.
Thomas Williams: As so just for clarification, the back half organic is 6%. You have about 1% currency headwind. So probably net's to around 5. And there is some -- we're being, what I mentioned earlier, pragmatic about the uncertainties on supply chain or so on our customers. But then we're not immune. We have some of our own challenges. But I think our team has done a particular job weathering it. And probably the best evidence of our ability to weather supply chain is just our ability at the MROS, because if you're struggling with your supply chain initiative, will it ultimately shows up in your marginal return on sales but that's how I'd characterize the second half.
Thomas Williams: This is Thomas. Hard to quantify if you take the orders and try to some how dissect and separate all of the ones that are multi-quarters, I'd be hazard and just a guess, I don't think it's material. It just -- it's different as far as in the past, at least on industrial and normal business conditions, say normal supply chains and normal order entry patterns, you had a fairly consistent input-output, quarter-to-quarter, maybe a little bit going into the next quarter. This is clearly more over multi-quarters. And actually it's good, it's customers trying to plan for longer, trying to make sure they get their ticket in line, and in a way that help us from a plans point. So when things do stabilize if they continue that way, I think that's a good thing for scheduling our factors and scheduling our supply chain.
Thomas Williams: Nigel it's Tom. So on military OEMs, and that's one we mentioned in the last call, we do see that being slightly solved mid-single-digit's decline. And that's primarily because of the repositioning that our customers thankfully did to try to strengthen the supply chain and protect the supply-chain during the pandemic. They didn't want people to go wonder. And so they kind of pull forward demand into last fiscal year, leaving this fiscal year lighter. As you're adjusting inventory. So that should come back into FY '23 and beyond. And I would see that being a lower to mid-single bit. Probably more towards a low-single-digit growth on the military OE side. And then our military MRO, we had some softness in the quarter. We're still forecasting mid-single-digits positive for the full-year. Some -- the only weakness that we're really experiencing for the full-year would be the military OEM based on this supply chain, things I'd mentioned.
Thomas Williams: The Aerospace team has done a fantastic job. There's a couple of factors, Nigel it's Tom again. First of all, a nice commercial MRO uptake. So Todd mentioned that commercial MRO up 33% for the quarter and order entry on a 312 was over 70%. So you're starting to see that replenishment of commercial aftermarket, which is up the 4 elements, the highest margin than, than we would have. And then within that kind of favorable mix of that, within that favorable mix, the spare to repair mix was favorable. So at the beginning that was just typical when customers were trying to maintain assets and minimize costs, they'll do more repair work. And then once that's exhausted and they have to put back in spares.  So we've seen an uptake in spare activity. And then the aerospace team has done a great job. If you go back to the beginning of pandemic, we moved very aggressively at the beginning to resize the business for the long cycle. And what's really remarkable here is we're going to put up -- these margins were putting up the guide at 20.9% will be higher than our previous all-time high pre - COVID. And so this business is not even that 80% volume of COVID. And it's putting up margins that are higher than the best we've ever done pre-COVID. This is fantastic job. And to your point, Nigel, if you were to go compare that aerospace performance against other aerospace peers, I think we would do quite well with that.
Thomas Williams: Absolutely, Steve, as Thomas Williams, I can let Lee Chime in if there's anything extra. Our distributors are flying the same challenges when you talk to them, they would love to be building inventory. This is what would be strategic use of cash for them as they could but they are having a hard time. All of our suppliers are getting out to where they would like them to be. So there's pretty much running hand about. And so that -- when I think about the longer-term opportunities for us on growth here, you've got the pent-up demand that reflects off the towards the bottom. But there will be an inventory replenishment back to normal levels for distribution, which will be -- will help us.  And if you go out longer than that, you've got CapEx reinvestment. Two things there, under-investment in I think this whole localization as a giant burner underneath it now, because of this lack of product availability, is going to drive customers and suppliers to add capacity and to create dual capacities which has infrastructure opportunities for us, ESG, and then just the capital deployments. So I think there's long-term secular growth trajectory, but to get to your more near-term question, Yes, the distributors are in desperate need of more material, and we're doing everything that we can to get it to them.
Thomas Williams: companies that are accretive on margins and cash and growth. So it's not an overnight sensation it's really you go to that one slide that shows the EBITDA trend it's been building on the pace of that improvement on top of some very quick cost actions that we did in the pandemic. And thankfully, not a lot of those costs have come back. We've been able to run the business differently in a more digital fashion, which is clearly helped us on some of those variable costs.
Thomas Williams: Jeff, it's Tom. No, not at all. We're -- we're on schedule. We're always kind of anticipated third quarter, next calendar year. The reviews we're doing with the government on economic, and national security will conclude well before that. And then really the pacing item will be just the anti-trust and FTI filings which are proceeding as planned, but you just can't predict every country as the different process and timing. And it's difficult to project that outcome. So that's our best guess, but everything is on schedule.
Thomas Williams: Yeah, it's Tom again. So it's basically that 2/3 numbers. That's how we came up with it, it's 2/3. Our revenue today would be supporting clean tech. I would argue everything we do supports sustainability, even if you take, say, engine and mobile filtration that we've be doing for heavy-duty trucks is helping that fuel run more efficiently and better emissions So even today, we just try to be very conservative in that number, recognizing that that was still a fossil fuel related technology. But it's going to morph into a 100% of the portfolio because everything is -- if you take construction equipment fossil fuel moves to more electric, all you're really doing is changing the power source. You're going from say engine at  and a  getting engine, diesel engine, to higher Gen Energen or FuelCell or battery or some combination thereof.  And all of our technologies are still needed to facilitate the work functions and the propel functions. And if anything, like I had mentioned before, our build material gets bigger because there's much more heat, and you've got a management of all of our engineering materials, technologies. We do have, I think, a bigger bill of material that we'll have -- with our motion technologies as we add more motor content and more software, etc. So we're very excited. It came back to those secular trend for us: Aerospace, ESG, electrification and digitization. I think you're going to see a different Parker if you look at for the next 5.
Lee Banks: Jeff, it's Lee. I can't give you an actual number, but I will tell you the margin neutrality is a lot of hard work by everybody in the Company. And I think it shouldn't be a surprise. We've had two processes embedded in our wind strategy for going on 20 years, and that's around pricing and it's around supply chain. And those processes give us very accurate indices around our selling price index and our purchase price index. So what it does, it aligns the whole Company and it gives us a way to roll things up about what we need to do going forward. And what you're seeing or the benefits of those processes really embedded in the Company and institutionalized.
Lee Banks: Just hey, I referred CLARCOR. It's been obviously a few years, but that business is also exceeding our expectations from the model standpoint. So a lot of hard work across the team. And that is flowing through in all those numbers that we just talked about. They're a big piece of that as well. So, didn't want to lose sight of that.
Lee Banks: Yeah, Nathan, it's Lee. Just -- maybe I'll touch the first part. You're right. Our strategy always has been to build and source local, which has been incredibly helpful. And I think the other thing that's benefited us through these disruptions, we worked hard on dual-sourcing strategy where appropriate, which has given us some flexibility. And one of the things it -- is weaved itself into this are simple by design efforts and some key areas where it's been easier for us to do material substitutions than we've done in the past. So all that together is really, I'm not saying we're immune, but has made us to be able to work through the supply chain disruptions. I would say the market share that we pick up is very sticky. 1. You're talking about a lot of engineered products. So I mean, when people take the effort to engineer the product, and it's not something that you quickly change, 2. The reality is if we're taking on new business, we're looking for commitments both -- from both of us to be committed to the volume going forward. And to that's standpoint, I think it's sticky.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for the question. So Aerospace. I wanted to -- maybe unpack the our performance a little bit and maybe focus a little bit more on a military because that's been an area where we've seen, especially in the U.S. market, some noise from some of your competitors in defense. And I'm just curious how you see military over the next fiscal year compared to previous 
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's great. Thanks, Tom. And then you raised your margin by a points at the midpoint of Aerospace. I think the revenue numbers stayed unchanged. So just curious, what's changed since you gave guidance back in August.
Nigel Coe: Without  to the question on whether you can get some mid-20s longer-term. But I think we'll leave that one for March. But thanks, Tom. Good color.
