Todd Leombruno: Thank you, Dawn. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our FY '21 Q4 earnings release webcast. As Dawn said, this is Todd Leombruno, Chief Financial Officer speaking. I'm here today with Tom Williams, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Lee Banks, our President and Chief Operating Officer. If you could focus on slide two, this is the company's safe harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations for any non-GAAP measures are included in today's materials. Those reconciliations and our presentation are accessible under the Investors section at parker.com and will remain available for 1 year. As usual, we'll start today with Tom providing some highlights for the quarter and our record fiscal year, as well as some color on Parker's transformation. Following Tom's comments, I'll provide a brief financial summary and provide some details on our FY '22 guidance that we just released this morning. I'll then hand it back to Tom for closing comments. And then Tom, Lee and I will open the lines for Q&A. And just one reminder, in respect to the announcement we made Monday, concerning the Meggitt acquisition, we are still down by the requirement of the UK takeover code. With that, I'll ask you to move to slide three, and I'll hand it off to Tom.
Todd Leombruno: Nicole, I'll take that. This is Todd. We've been talking about this internally for quite some time, and it really started with the recent acquisitions, CLARCOR, LORD and Exotic, those companies always use the FIFO valuation method. We do not use it in our Aerospace business. We really only used it in our traditional US locations. All of our international locations by rule had to use the FIFO valuation method. So we took a look at it and said, hey, maybe this year is an opportunity to convert, and that's essentially what we did. We converted early in the quarter. We worked tirelessly across our teams and with our internal - or excuse me, our external auditors and that we felt it was the best time to do it. There really is no impact to the quarter since we converted. We essentially reported the quarter in the FIFO method. We did go back and restate prior years just to show you what the impact was. And I just want to make sure everybody realizes that. If you look at this historically, it's $0.01 or $0.02 per quarter. It's a very immaterial impact. We always book that at corporate, so it had no impact to our segment margins or anywhere incrementals, and it really just now standardizes our inventory valuation across the entire company. So we're happy with the results. In respect to FY '22, there's nothing in the guidance for a benefit for converting to FIFO.
Todd Leombruno: Well, yeah, absolutely, Joe. There's been a step change in our cash flow performance. And I think everyone has seen that over the last couple of years. It's always a little bit tougher in a growth environment. So we'll be ready for that. I still think there's some opportunity across our enterprise. Some of the recent acquisitions, I think we've got some upside on inventory, and really I [Technical Difficulty] on receivables and payables throughout the last 20 months. So I still think we've got room to grow here. So we're not expecting much of a impact.
Todd Leombruno: Thanks, Joel. Hey, Dawn, I think we have time for one more question. So whoever is next in queue, we'll take one more question.
Todd Leombruno: Appreciate it, David. All right. I just want to say thank you to everyone for joining us today. This does conclude our FY '21 Q4 earnings webcast. And again, just consistent with the comments made on Monday regarding the requirements of the UK takeover code and our pending Meggitt transaction, a representative of Citibank will continue to participate on all of our analysts and investor calls for the foreseeable future. Robin and Jeff are obviously available here all day if you have further questions or need any further clarification. And always thank you for your interest in Parker. And I hope everyone has a great day and a great weekend. Take care.
Tom Williams: Thank you, Todd. Just closing there. So just, you know, what drive these results, the engine on company’s are people, our engage team, great culture, higher levels of ownership driving this performance very [indiscernible] results as you’ve seen. Living up to our purpose, the vaccine production is a class of chain puller, top quartile performance the more than doubling of EPS, the 660 basis points improvement in EBITDA margin for the last six years, getting the margin targets that we laid out for you two years early. And obviously, we're going to keep improving upon that. And the strategic deployment of capital and change in the portfolio, CLARCOR, LORD, Exotic, and now Meggitt. You put that together with The Win Strategy 2.0 and now 3.0, and it really spells for a bright future, and we'll continue to accelerate this performance. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dawn to open up to Q&A.
Tom Williams: Scott, it's Tom. We're early days on reaching out to customers. General view is very positive. They like the fact that this is a stronger bill of material opportunity to create more value, the highly complementary technologies and really the track record of both companies. Both companies have a great reputation, great innovators, great engineering led companies. So the response so far is very positive.
Tom Williams: Jamie, it's Tom. I'm going to take the guide, and I'll take a few minutes to describe that. I'll go through the aerospace piece. I'll let Lee touch on the price cost aspect. So this is probably the question that everybody is on everybody's mind, and how do we come up with the guidance and some of the context behind it. So first of all, there is a number of tailwinds, and I'll highlight some of the headwinds. But on the tailwind side, clearly, the order trends, the macro environment, I think there's a CapEx under-spend that happened for a number of years. So I think there's some CapEx demand that's coming back for manufacturing companies. Clearly, governments being more prone to put in stimuluses, the rebound from the great shutdown and of course, rebound of activity. The commercial aerospace recovery, which I'll touch on, to answer your question here in a minute, Jamie. Low interest rates and then a climate investment, which with our clean technology portfolio is a very attractive positive for us in the future. On the headwind side is the Delta variant and COVID hasn't gone away and is creating uncertainties throughout the world. The supply chain disruptions in particular, our customers and how that might impact demand patterns, which Lee touched on than inflation, both on the material side and wages. But we've built a pretty sophisticated AI model over the last 18 months. It's not perfect, nothing is when it comes to forecasting. But in my time at the company, it's the best tool we've had to date, and we factored in all this inputs and came up with what the best forecast is. And I’ll give a little more detail behind it. The first half, that we're looking is up a little over 9% organically, and the second half up mid single digit, that’s why you get to 7% overall. And important part, so if you look at the industrial piece, both North America and industrial approximately the same, up 11% in the first half and up mid single digits in the second half. When you think about aerospace and several of the pre-reports that came out, didn't have the insight that I'm going to share with you right now. So we have aerospace with a gradual recovery, up 3% in the first half, up 5% in the second half, that's where you get the 4% at the mid-point. But what's underneath that and will help give you some context is as to why that number is what it is. On the commercial side, both OEM and MRO, that's going to grow low teens, so nice recovery there. Military MRO is growing mid single digits. What is down is military OEM, it's down mid single digits. And the reason for that, and thankfully, our customers thought as our customers accelerated deliveries last year, we were up 19% as an example. They did this to protect the supply chain to protect supplier health because a lot of suppliers have commercial exposure, as well as military exposure, and they accelerated the military exposure to help everybody. So this year that we're in now, '22 is a reset of the inventory through that supply chain. So we will be down. And of course, then we'll go back to more normal levels in FY '23. If you would take out that acceleration in the prior period, our FY '22 military OEM would be about a plus three. So then when you add - when you would factor that in, aerospace growth would be more like 8%. So that 4% is being weighted down by the military OEM segment, that reset of inventory. So hopefully, that helps everybody with why the aerospace number is what it is. Just comparing that growth rate to 7% to GIPI, Global Industrial Production Index, that's going to be within our fiscal year '22, that's a 4.8% forecast. And you've heard us talk externally, we want to grow 150 basis points faster than that, so that our number of 7% would do that. Then maybe while I've got kind of talking about guidance, I want to just touch for a second on operating margin, and I'll let Lee comment about price cost. So our operating margin guide is at 21.6% at the mid-point. So it's approximately 30% or more less for the full year. If you were to take out the discretionaries in the prior period, it made this an apples-to-apples, the underlying MROS is a positive 50%. And a good indicator is what we did in Q4, we did over 50% in Q4, so that was actual results. The reason why I mentioned that is that underlying MROS is being hidden because of the year-over-year comparisons being awkward and really speaks to the operational excellence from the team just because it's hard to do an underlying 50% from where it was, I think everybody can appreciate that. So Lee, if you want to comment on the price.
Tom Williams: So Mig, let me talk about orders. This is Tom. I think just to maybe help clarify things for people. People, you're doing two year stacks, you might say, hey, geez, it seems like the organic growth might be like compared to the two year stack. The one thing that you have to look at is in current period, we have acquisitions in prior period. We do not have LORD exactly go the way back to '19. When you do apples-to-apples on orders, '19 to '21 and exclude the acquisitions, our industrial orders are up low teens. And I just mentioned, as I was answering to Jamie's question, our forecast for the first half on industrial is low teens at 11% organic growth. So there's a clear correlation between what we're seeing versus '19, again, apples-to-apples on order entry. And that's how we - in addition to AIMO [ph] how we laid out the year. The backlogs are increasing. Again, you got to remember that the prior periods has uniquely low comps. It's probably an inflated number that you can't get too excited about. Our on-time delivery is holding up nicely. Obviously, my customs would like to see us do better on that, but it's holding up very well compared to comparable times. And I'd say the impact that we've seen has been more on customer push-outs of schedules, particularly in automotive, where the automobile OEMs are having trouble with chips as everybody knows, and they're taking really targeted shutdowns and that will push-out our various orders and that impacted North America a little bit in Q4. But as Todd had mentioned, our Q4 sales were up about 10% industrial versus Q4 FY '19. So everything is kind of coalescing between orders and sales when you compare to '19 around that low teens type of growth rate.
Tom Williams: Yeah. Nathan, it's Tom. And you're right. I think this underlying MROs of 50% for a whole year, and it would be also counting Q4 and probably Q3 of last year, so 18 months will be higher and longer than we normally expect. I think what speaks to the changes from The Win Strategy and the fixed cost changes we made and maybe the efficiencies on top of those changes that came out of the pandemic is just a more efficient way of working. But I think, going forward, especially when we get to FY '23, you won't have these anniversaries to worry about with the discretionary on - you're not in the next year. I think - and I would just use for people modeling, 30%. As we've looked at it in benchmark, that continues to be a best-in-class number. And I think with all the changes we've made, I think that's a good number of you over a cycle to use 30%.
Tom Williams: Yeah. [indiscernible] So we've been this already and we've had since 2010 44% reduction, I’ve got the report actually [indiscernible] these different time periods 30% since 2010. So we’ve been on this for a while. And it's energy things that we do within the plants, renewables, different lighting, some of this will happen from indirect emissions, as the various utility companies change over to using renewables. We automatically get credit for that as well. We're going to be working with our suppliers what they can do to reduce it. All the Kaizen [ph] work we do or we just utilize the equipment better, smaller footprints, better flow, less distances traveled all those kind of things helps in this reduction. So we have every group signed up for their - have their prospective greenhouse targets that they're working on. They know exactly where they are, and that gets cascaded down plant by plant. And then we've also have - envisioned every group having a list of greenhouse gas emissions reductions, all the things they're doing, recycling things they're doing, that's in the way we know how to do. We drive it down in the respective divisions. And then at the group level, we have each group on their technology road map, developing their clean technology portfolio and how it needs to change for more EVs or fuel cell EVs or hydrogen, et cetera, and the groups have been actively doing it. The good thing about this is we formed the Motion Technology Center about 3 years ago, and for people who aren't familiar with it, this was taking the best and brightest that we could between aerospace and our Motion Systems Group. So taking all the motion-related technology of the company, having a center of excellence spread. And in particular, focusing on electrification. And a lot of the technologies that we developed in the '90s on the F-35, so the flight surfaces on the F-35 fighter are electro-hydraulically actuated and we've taken a lot of those learnings and applied it into the industrial portion of the company and has developed a suite of motors and motor controllers and software that we're offering on the industrial companies, OEMs in particular, where their platform changes as they look more electric. And when you add in acquisitions like LORD on top of the engineered materials applications that we have from legacy Parker, we have a really strong material science portfolio to help with that transformation as well. So our sustainability message is twofold, things we're going to do internally, which we have good line of sight to, and we put out two major targets 2030, 2040, but we're looking for year-over-year things to get there; and then what we're doing to help our customers because our customers at Scope 3, that's us helping our customers, and we'll be all over doing that.
Tom Williams: Yeah, Joe, it's Tom. We look at it all the time, not just when we have a large acquisition, but this is something we have standard workaround that we look at the office of the Chief Executive. So Lee, Todd and myself, as well as we do it annually with the Board. And I would characterize that I've used this visual for people. I think the portfolio of the company has been very thoughtfully put together. Think of it as a tree trunk with the various branches. Two thirds of our revenue comes from customers that buy from four or more of the eight technologies we have. So my predecessors and everybody that built this company did a very thoughtful job of putting together interconnected pieces that make sense. So when we do that portfolio analysis, there's very little we see that we'd want to divest. It's something we look at all the time. It doesn't mean that we wouldn't divest anything. But if you use the tree analogy, it would be a small branch. There's going to be no major trunks that gets lopped off. But we look at it all the time, but I wouldn't see any big announcements from those regarding divestitures.
Tom Williams: Well, I would characterize it as - Joel, it's Tom. Those internal actions have been happening every day since I joined the company and every day that everybody else that works here. I mean, we're all about continuous improvement. And I think the slide we showed earlier on the 660 basis points improvement in EBITDA margin is what's positioned us to be able to do a deal of this size. If you think about a couple of things regarding Meggitt, and just using that as an example. The multiples that we're going to do are very similar or less than what we have at CLARCOR. The synergies, while the dollars are big, the percent synergies are very similar to what we did with CLARCOR and LORD. And what's interesting is we're going to do a deal that has over 2x the purchase price of our largest transaction, but our starting leverage will be about the same point that we were when we did LORD and Exotic, so that's what might be how. The reason for that is because EBITDA has grown dramatically, the cash flow generation of the company, the EBITDA margins have grown so dramatically that we can take this size and it looks very similar to what we did in the past. And so we will get ready everyday and as we keep it [indiscernible] be ready to do something even better as we go into the future. When we had reach [ph] in our FY ’26 targets, we're going to be higher then what we are today and when Win Strategy 3.0 just started and it has tremendous firepower behind it to continue to propel the company. So we're preparing for the future every day. And I think what we did really the last 10 years is what's positioned us to do the Meggitt acquisition.
Tom Williams: Well, there is a couple of things I'd talk about on the top line. It would be the portfolio changes we've made, but there's also things organically, we're doing differently the whole strategic positioning, which I'll try to give more color on that on IR Day and how our divisions are taking a real step change in ownership of how they position themselves versus their competitors. The innovation changes we've made on PVI and new product printing, simplify design, which is a growth propellant as well as a margin engine, international distribution growth, the digital leadership and the new incentive plan change, ACIP replacing RONA. All those things are going to help on the top line with several of those help on the margin side as well. So as the portfolio becomes more innovative, and it has over the last number of years, those carry higher margins. Simplify design, as some of you maybe heard me talk about will be the single largest margin enhancement the company has ever done, and it's just starting. International distribution as we move that mix, that's a margin enhancement. We found what digital leadership that we continue to get more efficient with the use of AI. And then probably last but not least the most important, the things we've done around engagement. If I had to pick one single thing that propelled the company, it's been the engagement of our team members, the engagement scores, the ownership. And it's hard to put a number to that, which you know when you have people that think and act like an owner that use Lean and Kaizen which is part of their normal thinking, that spirit of continuous improvement is a big part of what's driven our success to date. You can plot our Kaizen activity and our engagement scores and they're working hand in hand. They're locked on a parallel path driving success. So - it's not one single thing, Joel. It's a number of things. And I guess that one slide that we showed you earlier showed the compounding effect of improvement year-over-year. The compounding on EPS, doubling at the compound of margins, and that's going to keep going. We're not going to stop.
Tom Williams: David, this is Tom. So the comment I mentioned on orders was contrasting '19 to '21, where we were, if you made it apples-for-apples. And because we didn't have acquisitions, two last acquisitions in '19. And that has orders growing versus '19 at around low teens. And I was just making that correlation because we got order entry coming in low teens versus '19. And we've got sales growth in Q4 was right around 10% versus '19. And our forecast for organic growth the first half for the industrial piece of the company was around 11%. So they all kind of coalescing around that 10% to 11% low teen type of level.
Tom Williams: Right. I was trying to give you back to something that was more normalized activity because the year-over-year is what we've announced. It was over 50 plus percent for international and minus 7 for Aerospace, plus 43. Because you can't extrapolate that against normal conditions because that was against a quarter ago, which is on when the great shutdown happened. So you can't take that number and extrapolate it into organic growth. You got to come back to kind of some other benchmark so we went back to when activity was more normalized, and that's the data that came up with. This is what I - all the various inputs that we put into that. So there's a lot of science that went into this number. And I'm just trying to contrast why you can't take a 43% order entry and so you're going to have a 43% organic growth.
Tom Williams: Well, orders continued to grow through the quarter. I mean, if I take North America, it was 11% at Q3 and it went to 56%, and it sequentially got better every month through the quarter, same thing happened in international. So we saw momentum building through the quarter. Things are definitely not slowing down, David. I don't want anybody to take that thought process, things built through the quarter.
Tom Williams: I'm going to be very clear, there's absolutely no slowdown. You can't take a 50% order entry rate and draw a linear curve there and say it's a 50% organic growth.
Tom Williams: I want to do that in full context of going through all the strategies and how we're going to do it, and given you a fully baked explanation. But I would just say that we're going to continue to get better. And if the future is - if the past is an indicator, you can draw that into the future.
Lee Banks: Hey, Scott. It's Lee. I'll take a shot at answering this. I think the first thing on the supply chain side is just to kind of step back, I recognize how we're structured, which is a huge benefit for the company. So as you know, we make, sell and source in the region for the region. So it allows us to be close to the customers and get away from a lot of international shipments. Having said that, we're not immune to what's going on in any of the regions. But I would characterize it internally as being manageable but not without hard work. Now I would say the biggest challenges we're dealing with is just our customers. So I mean, I think automotive is very public on what's happening. But I probably don't have a large OEM that hasn't had some kind of disruption where lands have been down, people have been sent home, et cetera. So we're working with our customers to work through that. It's just creating a lot of chatter in the channel and it's just, I would say, best is a lot of choppy production.
Lee Banks: Yeah. Jamie, I'll just add on, maybe finish up here with price, cost. So at last earnings call, the question came up, and I talked about how we track all the commodities on quarterly trends and the year-over-year trends. And I said back then, it was a sea of red. In other words, everything was up. And I would tell you here a quarter later, it's still a sea of red. But having said that, we're able to see this coming very well because of the processes we have internally, by measuring what we call our purchase price index and then also maintaining margin neutrality by our selling price index. So we're on top of it. And our goal, as we've always said, is to be margin neutral. We're actively working price both with direct customers and distribution. But it is a - there is a lot of inflation in the commodity side right now, no doubt about it.
Lee Banks: So I would say it's a range, some lower and some higher. Whether it averages out to that or not, I can't really say. But with our OEM customers, we've got direct contracts with many of them and what we're benefiting from is a lot of them have material clauses in them. So it allows us to capture that pricing as we go forward. On the distribution side, that's typically just a list price increase. But what you're seeing is kind of our best guess and it's all in the guide right now.
David Raso: Thank you very much. I apologize. I didn't follow the order commentary. You said that the current quarter orders were running, I think, you said 17%. Can you first clarify that? Was that industrial? Was it the whole company? I'm just trying to understand that comment.
David Raso: I appreciate that. But we're not - right, we're not really comparing it versus '19. Your guide is '22 versus '21. And if the orders were over 50% industrial in last quarter, if you look at the more challenging comps, single stack, maybe its you know, 17%, so the orders will be like 40 or you want to double stack it, and see less of degradation. So I am just trying to understand, what are the actual order trends right now versus a year ago, just so we understand, are you saying a slowdown? Or are we just confusing the commentary about versus '19? Just to be clear, because the first half industrial growth is the correlations breaking significantly versus orders leading sales and how you're guiding.
David Raso: I hear you. Lastly, to the March meeting, when we think about the comment about Simple by Design, still you feel pretty early in the journey. Any way you can frame for us how you perceive margin improvement from here versus kind of the journey we've been on the last five years? Just to kind of frame it a little bit for us, given Simple by Design.
