Pamela Huggins: Thank you, Katelyn. Good morning, everyone. This is Pam speaking just as Katelyn said. I'd like to welcome you to Parker Hannifin’s Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Release Teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Don Washkewicz; and for the first time, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Marten. For those of you who wish to do so, you may follow today's presentation with the PowerPoint slides that have been presented on Parker's website at www.phstock.com. For those of you not online, the slides, they’ll remain posted on the company's Investor Information website, again at www.phstock.com, and they'll be on there for one year after today's call. So at this time, if you'll reference Slide #2 in the slide deck, this is the Safe Harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements. No different from prior quarters. If you haven't already done so however, please take note of this statement in its entirety. This slide, as required, indicates that in cases where non-GAAP numbers have been used, they have been reconciled to the appropriate GAAP numbers and are posted on Parker's website. To cover the agenda for today, on Slide #4, the call will be in four parts, as usual. First, Don Washkewicz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, will provide highlights for the quarter. Second, I'll provide a review, including key performance measures of the second quarter concluding, of course, with what you're most interested in, which is the revised 2011 guidance. The third part of the call will consist of the standard Q&A session. And for the fourth part of the call today, Don will close with some final comments. So at this time, I'll turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to Slide #5 titled Second Quarter Fiscal Year '11 Highlights.
Pamela Huggins: One of the things that we saw this quarter is that typically, international will lag or Europe will lag North America. And so when you look at this quarter and you really dissect it, what you see is that international is coming on. They're finally seeing what North America saw a little while ago. So when you look at just Europe's income versus their sales in this particular quarter, the income was very strong. And then of course, Asia continues to do very well. So we're starting to see the effects of Europe coming through, which we knew we would. Typically, when we come out of a recession, Europe will always follow North America and now we're seeing that happen.
Pamela Huggins: Yes, Eli, what really took place as far as the tax rate, the tax laws, you know what happened. I mean, we had the enactments and there's two components of that. The first component is obviously the research and development. So there's a catch up on that because you're really getting six months from last year and then you're getting the six months of this year. So that's when you look at the 24% tax rate in the second quarter, that's playing into it. The other part of it is the subpart aft or what we call look-through provision on income overseas and we also had some benefit from that. So those are the two areas that really are affecting the tax rate. We had 29% and we brought it down to 27% this year for the full year guidance year-over-year.
Pamela Huggins: We think so, but you never know. I mean, you never know what's going to happen. What I’d prefer to say is we'll look at that when we get to the beginning of the year. When we come up out our guidance, we'll make sure that we give you good numbers on that.
Pamela Huggins: I don't think there's anything happening in the orders, other than the fact that people are very much -- they're much more comfortable with this recovery. And I think as people become much more comfortable with the recovery, then they're willing to put orders out there. So the lead times, they're just willing to give us longer lead times, and everybody's not rushing to get everything today just to get it out, just to keep the customer happy. If you remember, we were getting a lot of orders, very short lead time in the beginning and now I just think people are comfortable with the recovery and so they extend them out. I don't think there's anything unusual.
Pamela Huggins: David, let me tell you. When you're coming out of a recession like this and orders are accelerating the way that they are, I mean, there's some noise in there because people are really trying to -- we just went through a huge restructuring effort, the worst recession that we've ever gone through. And so people are trying to ramp up to be able to supply the demand. So really, they're struggling to meet the demand in a restructuring environment to some extent. And so there is some noise in there. They're going to work through this because as you can -- we bring temporaries back, we're bringing employees back and we're right in the midst of where we're bringing those people back to be able to satisfy the demand. As we get out into the second half it's going to be a much stabler environment.
Pamela Huggins: Yes, I do. First quarter to second quarter is up 3%, international, leading the pack. Of course, they're all pretty much similar. Aerospace, you really can't look at first quarter to second quarter because as you well know, the Aerospace business is pretty lumpy. And that's why we report it on a rolling 12 when we report the orders. But first quarter to second quarter for the corporation, 3%.
Pamela Huggins: I'm going to let Jon Marten. Jon Marten, his background, he worked at Aerospace so I'm going to let him answer this.
Pamela Huggins: Alex, I think you bring up a good point. I think across the corporation, we're really seeing where people really are willing to spend. The balance sheets are extremely strong. People have a lot of cash on the balance sheet. I can see it in some of our product lines that typically when the OEMs aren’t ordering were down; those are coming back. Very anecdotal but I just heard of a situation the other day where someone was ordering 1,000 machines basically just to produce the iPad. So yes, I think that we're seeing it across the corporation everywhere you look. So yes, I think you're exactly right.
Pamela Huggins: I'm not going to say. I just said that was very anecdotal and I've heard of someone, but I prefer not to mention who that is. I don't think that would be fair.
Pamela Huggins: Henry, we really can't quantify that for you. That's very difficult for us to do, just the way that we're structured, the way we're organized, the way that we report. But we know; we obviously are talking to our group, talking to our customers. It's a very difficult thing. I think that in the last downturn, if you recall, when we first came out of the recession, it was the mobile market that came back fast and furious. This time, a little bit different. Industrial came back first and now we're just seeing the mobile market and the OEMs in connection with that really taking hold.
Pamela Huggins: Andy, let me just say something about the incremental. When you look at the second half incremental margins, you have to remember, Aerospace is coming in extremely strong on the incremental margin side. So it's boosting that somewhat. And I think we can all agree that Aerospace is coming on pretty strong. When you look -- if you break it down by the segment, and as I talked about, International is coming on now. So Aerospace is the strongest, which is really boosting up the 35%, then we have International. And then North America, quite frankly, is a little bit below the target. So you got to keep in mind, when you're looking at the 35% second half margins, that a lot of it is being boosted by Aerospace.
Pamela Huggins: Andy, the other thing to be aware of is we do have $0.07 of restructuring in the third quarter and there will be some benefits that flow through into the fourth quarter. So we've had $0.02 in realignment year-to-date; we're having $0.07 in the third quarter and then $0.02 in the fourth quarter. So there will be some benefits as a result of that.
Pamela Huggins: Yes and what I would do is look at the two quarters together and look at what we said last quarter and then look at this quarter. And I think if you look at the two quarters together, you'll have a much better picture and I think you'll feel a lot more comfortable. I mean, we feel very comfortable that we're right; that we'll be able to make this guidance. So Don, let's just close, you had some closing comments.
Donald Washkewicz: Typically, the second quarter is our worst quarter for the company. And as we're coming out of this recession -- too, of course, you have the holidays in there, we have a lot more expense in there, a lot of extraordinary things going on and not a whole lot of activity in the quarter. So when we come in with margins like this -- by the way, this 14% margin that we had in the second quarter really was only beat by 1/10 of a point and in fiscal '08 at our peak when we were going to full steam ahead. So we are popping champagne corks here when you’re we’re coming at these kind of numbers in the second quarter, because typically, this is a lousy quarter for us because of all the expenses and that. But we're happy with that. We still came in with a incremental margin of 30% overall for the company. And with a high --International group, actually, came in at almost 40% incremental so we're pretty excited about that. So all-in-all, I think a lot has to do with the extraordinary cost in the quarter and that's typical in the second quarter. As then as we climb out of this recession, we're seeing a higher percentage of OEM business as a percentage of after-market business because the after-market has been doing fairly well all along. Still continues to do well, but the OEM is starting to come back stronger now across many of our market segments. Hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color on that.
Donald Washkewicz: Eli, that's pretty much what we had said earlier. That's more of a mixed situation. We did have some additional cost involved with some of our innovation programs that we've got going on so we've funded them a little bit more because we're ramping up production especially on energy recovery type systems. So we’re pouring more development costs into that area to ramp that up. So it's really mix; it's innovation. And I think what I'd point out is don't get too focused on the one quarter because if you look at the rest of the year, you know that 22% turns into 25% and then 33%, so it builds out throughout the balance of the year. We end up in North America at about 31% incremental for the year, which is still above our target of 30%. So this is just a one month. And typically, the second quarter is typically lower performance anyway. But those would be some of the reasons for that.
Donald Washkewicz: Yes, David, right now, we are giving you for the year, 35%. And I would say that if we increased business, I think our targets here and what we've got the entire organization geared to is a 30% number. And I would feel very comfortable that we're going to do 30% overall as a company on increased volumes. So if you want to project higher volumes than we're giving you here, that's certainly something you can do. But I would use something around a 30% incremental. I think that would be fair and I think that's very achievable.
Donald Washkewicz: We don't forecast the acquisitions. We did a couple earlier in the year. We did one recently. We've got about $65 million or so in sales, new sales volume coming on. Of course, we'd like to do a lot more than that but we're going to be prudent as to what we actually pursue and then how much we pay. So there are a number of them. I can say throughout the entire organization, every one of our operating groups and many of our divisions are involved with looking at a variety of different opportunities. We've turned down some, obviously, some bigger ones because we just weren't going to pay what they wanted for them. We were able to land some of these smaller ones, which were very strategic and more of what I consider tuck-in type of acquisitions. We're looking at more of those. So it's hard to say. But I can say this, we're definitely looking and we've got the entire organization geared to bringing on more acquisitions before the end of the fiscal year and then on beyond that.
Donald Washkewicz: Our sweet spot would be, I would say, up to maybe $250 million. We've done some that were larger than that on occasion, rare. But say, $50 million to $100 million to $200 million would be kind of a sweet spot for us. When we say large around here, it's going to be $1 billion or more. I'd say that the appetite for those would be less and would have to be very strategic for us to consider and culturally, it’d have to be a perfect fit before I’d take that kind of risk. That's not to say that we wouldn't look at it. We would, but a lot of things would have to be in alignment before we would pursue that. So I think more what you’d be hearing from us would be up to the $250 million kind of levels.
Donald Washkewicz: Yes, we're definitely looking at the dividend. As you know, we've increased it the last several quarters and we'll be reviewing that again. And as, of course, the stock price goes up, we want to make sure the percentages stay in alignment as far as the yield. So we will be looking at that. And I would anticipate that there would be some change in the dividend going forward. And like I said, we'll have a board meeting coming up this next week and we'll be making those decisions then and you will hear from us. But we are focused on the dividend. We want to make sure that we're about at the median of the peer group as far as payout and yield. And over the cycle, we'd like to pay out about 25%. So right now, it's a little bit low. When things were bad, it was a little bit over that so we're trying to maintain that discipline. So I think to answer your question, you're going to see some changes there going forward.
Donald Washkewicz: Yes, we're buying back -- as you know, we are buying back some every quarter. We buy back about 20 million, do about 80 million a year in buyback; we're active at all times in that respect. Our focus as far as the cash deployment goes is going to be more on acquisitions if we can possibly do them, maintaining of course the dividend, like I had mentioned just earlier, and then shoring up any pension shortfalls that we might have. We want to make sure that the pension is in good shape and putting money into growing the business. But that's kind of where our priorities are going forward.
Donald Washkewicz: I said I would give you a little bit of a market overview earlier and I can kind of run through some of what we're seeing here. I think what obviously we're all seeing is that the economic recovery is really kind of in full swing here. And for us, it's really kind of unique in that all segments pretty much across the company and all regions around the world are seeing a very nice turnaround. And that's pretty much evidenced by those order rates that you saw in our press release, I mean, it’s pretty much uniform across the board. Just a little bit of regional growth commentary, North America, of course, is still accelerating. Europe, as you may recall, lagged North America coming out of the recovery but we're seeing greater improvement in Europe and in international versus North American in the second quarter, and we expect that to continue going forward. Latin America slowed a little bit from a high rate that we had in earlier periods, but they were one of the first ones to really bounce back pretty strong. But they're still doing -- I don't anticipate anything negative coming from that region of the world. I think it's still going to be doing just fine going forward. Asia has continued to be one of our strongest regions. We're expanding there; we're adding more capital and putting more fixed assets in Asia: in China and in India particular. The backlogs we talked about, backlog, right now, is up 7% over the prior quarter and it's up 14% over the first half. So we've got a pretty strong backlog in place. Talk a little bit about the ISM. I know some of you track the ISM. The ISM index has been very favorable and North America has been around 57, the Purchasing Managers Index. Anything above 50 is of course very good. And that’s, I think, the 17th period where it's been above 50. And interesting, this quarter, the Eurozone is at 57 as well so it's pretty much matched North America's numbers. So that's a very strong indication of what's happening there. All of the major countries in Europe are showing continued strength. Leading, of course, would be Germany, U.K., Switzerland, France and Sweden are also strong. As I mentioned earlier, China is extremely strong for us. China's industrial growth is going to be somewhere around 10% this year, at least that's what's been publicized and Parker will grow at least twice that rate this year going forward so we've got a lot going on there. So that's where some more activity’s going to be coming from. Give you just a little commentary on our 3/12 and 12/12, I think most of you understand the 3/12 and 12/12. When I talk about the 3/12, it's the last three months orders over the previous year, the same three months. And 12/12 is the last 12 months orders aggregated compared to the last -- the previous 12 months orders aggregated. So that's kind of the index that we're looking at. Industrial North America is increasing in both metrics, the 3/12 and 12/12. Europe's increasing in both. Asia's increasing in both. Latin America is not increasing on the 3/12 but they are very strong yet on the 12/12, and I think that's just a little bit of a quirk because of the second quarter being a little softer there and the fact that they're up so high to begin with so all the regions pretty much are doing well. Distribution in North America is strong in both the 3/12 and 12/12 and actually the 12/12 is increasing, which is a good sign for the future so that's an area where we're going to be getting more activity. And then just looking at some of the specific market segments, heavy-duty truck, construction, refrigeration, process, Aerospace and agriculture, as well as CIC are all -- we're seeing strong 3/12s and 12/12s in all of those target market segments. A lot of that though, keep in mind, is OEM business for us. So as we indicated earlier, that's of course having putting some pressure on the margins a little bit. But still, that's also going to be good volume coming in. The only area that's really flattening out a little bit is the Semiconductor business. The 3/12 is flat. 12/12 is remaining pretty strong but the 3/12 is flat so we'll have to keep an eye on that and see what happens going forward. So pretty much everything as far as target markets that we have are doing well. The only soft segments now that we see is a little bit in the area of Power Gen, residential air-conditioning and commercial air-conditioning. Those would be kind of the weaker segments. Everything else -- and I could just read down the whole list but it would be wasting time, everything else looks pretty strong. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of input as to where some of this volume’s are coming from.
Donald Washkewicz: We've certainly been working hard on it. We still have some segments that are down. If you look at the incrementals, the first quarter wasn't bad. We're at about just under 25%. Second quarter, we're at about 9% and, of course, that was impacted by some of the turnaround in their markets since, of course, the second -- the turnaround and of course trying to keep up with some of the turnaround is what I meant by that. They are also impacted by the housing starts. Of course, no one's building houses right now that I know of. We are still restructuring in that group and you will see the improvement that we're showing throughout the balance of the year. I think we'd go on a third quarter guidance is around 18% incremental and then we get up to fourth quarter is a big incremental. It's about 80% incremental. So we're going to average in that group about 23%. Not to where we'd like it to be. We'd like it to be 30%. But considering all the restructuring that they have been through and the reorganization that they've been through, it's respectable. It's not, like I said, 30% but it's approaching those kind of levels.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, right now, we're staying focused on trying to build the business. And we consider the majority of that group as very strategic for the company and we have an industrial Valve business embedded in there. We think the Refrigeration business is strategic for us. So yes, I think we're going to stay in -- for the most part, we're going to stay in the key components of that group for the extended foreseeable future.
Donald Washkewicz: I think what's happening, Alex, is a very good point. I think, and we talked a little bit about this in last quarter's call that the elections were ahead of us. I think there's a lot of upbeat discussion going on right now. There's a lot of positive commentary about the future. I think our customers are expressing that. I think that's being witnessed or evident in the order trends that we're seeing. I think there's a lot more interest in investing in the business. And I think that's translating into more business for us and that's pretty much across the board. So I think it's been a positive event. November was a positive event. And I think it's going to continue strong going forward, and I think that's what we're pretty much seeing and that's what's in our guidance here.
Donald Washkewicz: But Alex, you did hit on a very good point when you just started out and maybe I'll just reiterate that point. If we do what we just projected that we want to do for this year, it'll be the first time I think in history that we hit 15% operating margin for an entire year, the first time in the history, in the 100-year history of this company. So what you said earlier, I guess, I wasn't even thinking along those lines, but I just thought I'd to point that out that with this guidance that we just gave, it’s 15% operating margin with a 35% incremental; we think that's pretty strong.
Donald Washkewicz: Typically what we've used in the past, this is Don, is about a 10 point delta. That's just kind of a rough cut. You go to any particular OEM and any particular after-market product is going to vary. Remember, we’ve got one million products to track and 500,000 customers. But you can use kind of a rule of thumb that our after-market business brings about 10 margin points more higher margin then OEM business, if that'll help you.
Donald Washkewicz: We're looking at the second half margins, actually the margins are getting better. So the mix is going to be overall with our cost structure and the sales trends that are going on, our margins are going to be improving from that 14% to, I think, 14.5% in the third quarter and almost 16% in the fourth quarter. So I'm not thinking we're going to have a big headwind because of OEM margins. I think, again, because of the second quarter is traditionally our worst quarter as far as margin because of all the additional costs. And of course, the OEM is picking up steam here a little bit, but that's going to get washed out as we go forward. And I think if we finish at 15.9% in the fourth quarter, it's going to be a pretty nice year for us.
Donald Washkewicz: Andy, we're seeing all of that. There's no question. We're seeing from a pricing input standpoint, we're seeing increases pretty much across the board. But nothing different than what we saw in FY '07 and FY '08 as we're ramping up and reaching those peak levels of output, and we managed those very effectively. Now it doesn't mean that isn't a challenge for us; of course it is because we have to be right on point as far as raising prices and passing those increases on. We've done it extremely effectively in '07 and '08 when we went through this. I think what you're going to see is probably some surcharges on some materials if the materials get too out of hand in between price increase, difficult times when we had raise prices, we're going to have to probably go back to the surcharge route because we're not going to absorb these increases, that's for sure. We can't absorb them and we're just going to have to pass them on and we're going to have to be really diligent about that like we were when they came up -- when they were ramping up the last go around. And we managed that pretty well back then if you recall, back in '07 and '08 when these raw materials were increasing pretty readily. So I think we're going to be able to manage it okay and I think we're going to be able to maintain these margins appropriately.
Donald Washkewicz: When you look at the incremental margins, let's just kind of walk through them: North America, second quarter, 22.7%; third quarter, 24.9%; fourth quarter 33%. So that's kind of climbing up. International, 39.6%; second quarter, 35.1%; third quarter, 34.9%. Pretty flat between third quarter and fourth quarter at International so that's hanging in there pretty good. For our total Industrial going from 31.5% in the second quarter to 34.1% so actually going up. Aerospace, we mentioned that was strong. Aerospace is going from 38% to 73% in the third quarter to 59% or almost 60% in the fourth quarter. And then the last one would be CIC going from 8% in the second quarter. And we've mentioned that earlier that they're actually on the low side here. We’d like to see it much higher; going to 18% and then 84% in the fourth quarter. So actually, the margins are going back up, the incremental margins. We're going to finish the year at 35.3% which is pretty strong.
Donald Washkewicz: When we got up in the 40%, 50%, a lot of times what you're seeing, just like what you're going to be seeing here with the CIC group is that they had a lot of restructuring. Well, when you're doing the restructuring, you have a lot of costs that you're absorbing in that period when they’re doing the restructuring and the benefits come in the subsequent quarters. That's what we have seen in the past. When we had a lot of restructuring going on, obviously, that hurt that quarter but we benefited in subsequent quarters. I think you're seeing some of the same thing going on here.
Donald Washkewicz: Robert, I think I wouldn’t pick any one or two. I listed, I think, six or seven of that are all coming back pretty strong. So I think OE in general was stronger than what we anticipate. I think that would be the way I would answer that question. And the other thing I would just mention on the guidance, I think, you were getting at our guidance and so forth. Our guidance for the second quarter was $1.20. We came in at $1.39. And take tax out, we're $1.27. So I think we feel pretty comfortable. We exceeded our guidance. The only thing I can guarantee on this guidance is that we're going to be wrong. We're going to be high or we're going to be low, but we're just not going to ever hit it on the head, but that's the only thing I can guarantee. But we felt pretty good coming in at $1.20 and then delivering $1.39. We thought that was pretty good even…
Donald Washkewicz: That's fair. Another thing is that Tim was sitting here last quarter and I think you may recall when Tim says, if you can remember the words he’s used, pray/go; all in. So let's not get ahead of ourselves here. And I think that the message was we increased the guidance tremendously last quarter and we just didn't want anybody get up too far ahead of us on that. And I think we still came out very well against where the Street was at, against where our guidance was at and we get paid for managing tax just like we get paid for managing everything else around here. So I think it's important to keep that in mind too.
Donald Washkewicz: Just to wrap it up, just a few closing comments. I want to, first of all, thank everyone that's on the call for joining us this morning. I also want to take the opportunity since a lot of our employees would be listening in as well to thank our global team for the record performance that we posted this fiscal year and for their hard work and all of their dedication in executing the Win Strategy, delivering the kind of results that we're delivering here. I'd also like to thank them for their continued commitment to serve our customers. As you know, everyone on the call knows how critical this is at this point in the cycle. This is where we gain market share typically, Parker Hannifin does because we respond to our customers' needs and that's so important today. And our employees are doing a great job of that. Our service levels are 90% plus, which is not easy to do when you're ramping up as fast as we are. So very excited about that, very pleased and I think the entire organization is doing a great job. So with that, I just want to, once again, thank everyone for participating in the call. And certainly, thank you for your interest in the company and Parker. And Pam will be around the balance of the day for any questions that you might have. Feel free to call in and she'll be happy to answer those for you. So goodbye, and have a great day. Thank you.
Jon Marten: Just a couple of things in the second quarter. As we really look at that data, as we continue to ramp up, and as you noted, sales are sequentially up in Q2. But as we continue to ramp up from a very, very deep recession, there are some one-time type costs that would always be incurred: additional overtime; additional shipping expenses; trying to get an efficient network built back up from a supply chain standpoint. And in any upturn of this magnitude and you’ve got to remember how far down we were two years ago, any upturn, we're going to -- as we stretch the supply chain, as we try to make sure that we are -- have all the efficiencies in the network, every once in a while, we will have some lift. And this is historically true. So you've got those one-time efficiencies in Q2 that come up. But just as importantly, as Don said, there is a, and always has been, a seasonality effect in our Q1 to Q2 sequential margins for the company. And although our revenue is up this time, normally it is not down that much in the prior periods either. Now you're also right in terms of the second half. The second half is going to include those price increases that we're seeing worldwide throughout the channels, and that is going to help with our margins here for the second half and really going to help drive our MROS, too.
Jon Marten: I would hate to try to quantify that for you because there's more than one real issue there. There is some inefficiencies, there's the mix that Don talked about and there's several other factors too. So in trying to answer your question, it's hard to really kind of give you a specific number there. But in considering everything that is happening, and considering all the dynamics with the marketplace and what's happened in Q2, we took all of that into account as we put our guidance together. And so we feel like the second half is very fair. And we feel like we've got it all baked into the second half guidance.
Jon Marten: Stephen, I think you're right in that there is a recovery being reflected in the numbers there. Orders, of course, on the 12-month lag, are showing very good trends. Revenue passenger miles were showing by our analysis up more than 5%. Available seat miles are showing up more than 5%. So we're seeing growth really throughout the commercial revenue streams here that we have in Aerospace. That's being led right now by the maintenance repair, the overhaul and the spares that we're shipping commercially and that we're projecting to ship commercially. So we are seeing a turn there and we're seeing very positive trends when we look at that sector of the Aerospace business.
Jon Marten: Let me try to answer that question here for you. First of all, we did mention that NRE reimbursement last quarter and in fact, we did get an NRE reimbursement that was recorded in the month. But we also had other transactions that really ended up going the other way on us like we do every quarter. And so I will not say that, that one transaction really has a major material impact here on the quarter. One of the things that we were focusing on is if you really look at the margins and the recovery in Aerospace, it is really kind of being driven by the commercial after-market. And so with that improvement, and with the relatively flat nonrecurring expenses to support all the wins and all of the businesses that we've gotten over the last several years totaling $18 billion, those nonrecurring expenses we're seeing starting to flatten out here over the year and be relatively close to how we actually look at the year at the beginning of the year. And so when I look at the returns at the operating level, we go from 10 in Q1 to a little over 13 in Q2. And then we're really in the 15 range in the second half and that's what implied in our guidance. And so we just see a continuing trend upwards there. I would think that's the real pattern there that we're seeing that is very, very important to us.
Jon Marten: I think that's a very good analysis. And in fact, that's the way that we're looking at it, Mark. So I think you're dead on there.
