Pamela J. Huggins: Thanks, Carolyn. Good morning, everyone. This is Pam Huggins speaking, just as Carolyn said. And I'd like to welcome you to Parker Hannifin's third quarter fiscal year 2014 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman, CEO and President, Don Washkewicz; and Executive Vice President and CFO, Jon Marten. For those of you who wish to do so, you can follow today's presentation with the PowerPoint slides that have been presented on Parker's website at www.phstock.com. For those of you who aren't on the line today, the slides will remain posted on the company's investor information website 1 year after today's call. At this time, reference Slide #2 on the slide deck, which is the Safe Harbor disclosure statement, which addresses forward-looking statements. And we ask that you please take note of this statement in its entirety if you haven't already done so. The slide also indicates, as required, that where -- in cases where non-GAAP numbers have been used, they've been reconciled to their appropriate GAAP numbers and are posted on Parker's website as well. Slide #3, moving to the agenda. The agenda today consists of 4 parts. First, Don Washkewicz, Chairman, CEO and President, will provide highlights for the quarter. Second, I'll provide a review, including key performance measures for the quarter, and concluding with the updated fiscal year 2014 guidance. The third part of the call will consist of our standard Q&A session. And for the fourth part of the call today, Don will close with some final comments. So at this time, I'll turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to Slide #4, titled Highlighted -- Highlights, Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2014.
Pamela J. Huggins: Alex, I just want to make sure that we're all clear about the numbers, for the fourth quarter, at the midpoint, we have $2.04 projected, okay? It's higher than what we projected last quarter, but the restructuring that we're projecting is pretty much the same. We said $0.14 last quarter, and now we're saying $0.15 in the fourth quarter. So I just want to make sure that we have the numbers. We -- really, this guidance, when you look at the guidance that we're giving you today, compared to the guidance that we gave you last quarter, really, the only thing that is different is we built in the third quarter beat because we beat our third quarter versus what we said, and we adjusted the international numbers because of the order rates, the consistency in the order rates, and we felt that we got through a lot of the noise that was happening in Europe as a result of the restructuring, so we took the international numbers up. But that's the only difference when you look at previous guidance versus the guidance today.
Pamela J. Huggins: Well, if you take the $6.50, we had $0.47 in restructuring last year, now we have $0.55, okay? The difference is the restructuring that you saw in the third quarter, which is $0.08 higher.
Pamela J. Huggins: No, I think, that you said it very well. We will be looking at it. But we do have all 3 of those factors to consider this year. And whereas in the past, we have the discount rate, the long-term of return and we also have the mortality table that will be taken into consideration, which will be somewhat as an offset to, obviously, any improvement in the discount rates. So we'll keep you posted.
Pamela J. Huggins: Thank you, Eli, and I appreciate you pointing that out. And just to add onto that a little bit, it may help Alex [ph]. Last year, for the fourth quarter, we gave $1.98, which included $0.14 of restructuring. So it's $2.19 now versus $2.12 then.
Pamela J. Huggins: No. I think, I'm just going to say, at this time, we'll take one more question, and then, we'll move to Don's closing comments. Thank you.
Pamela J. Huggins: Thank you very much. We know you have a lot of calls today, it's very active at this time, especially this quarter, at the end of the month. So thank you very much for your participation. Bye-bye.
Jon P. Marten: Oh, Jeff. Okay. Now in terms of weather first. It's really hard for us to quantify the impact. Of course, we're aware of the weather here in the upper Midwest and Northeast, but we're a global company, and it's very hard for us to quantify a number for weather. So we're conscious of it, but we purposely decided not to call that out because we don't see that as a -- certainly not an important factor for our quarter that we just finished. Now the other question that you had, Jeff, I'm sorry. Please repeat it.
Jon P. Marten: Right. We -- showing right now in our updated guidance that the yearly number for R&D trends below 10% to about 9.6%. In the quarter, in our guidance, it implied 8.7% R&D as a percent of sales. And so the trends in Q4 for Aerospace are up in revenues and flattish in actual expenses R&D, but as a percent of sales, trending down for Q4.
Jon P. Marten: Well, we don't want to get into guidance too much for FY '15, Mig, but that has been our stated goal, to get it down into the low-8s. We intend to do that. And as Don described, we'll be really pulling it all together here in Q4, and we'll give you a much fuller report, but there's been no change in our intentions there.
Jon P. Marten: I think, Jamie, the trends in international for us in our restructuring for FY '15 certainly indicate to us that we can get there, Pam talked about the restructuring without the restructuring in the slide that she had for the quarter at gain well north of 14. And given that we're boosting up our savings projected for next year with the additional restructuring that we spoke about this morning, we feel good that we're on track to do 15% in '15. So we're optimistic. We don't want to get too far out ahead of ourselves because we want to really get through to make sure that the numbers are footing here in the quarter, and that we really understand precisely the final impact of all the different restructuring initiatives. One of the things that I find myself doing sometimes is minimizing the difficulty that we've gone through in the past 3 quarters getting this restructuring done. It is awfully complex, a very tough work. Our employees in Europe have worked very, very hard to get us to the point that we're at right now. And certainly, all of our employees around the world that have been working on this restructuring program have just done yeoman's work. And so I don't want to really project anything other than what we talked about this morning, which is an additional incremental $60 million in savings for industrial international for FY '15.
Jon P. Marten: So yes, you're right, there's some petroleum refineries and things like that probably would still be doing okay. Chemical process, I think, is more what I'm referring to here. And semiconductor, I mentioned earlier, as a separate item.
Jon P. Marten: It depends on who lumps what into that bucket. I think, it's going to maybe make a difference for you.
Jon P. Marten: I think, we just have a little bit better visibility on where we are with the end markets. Coming out of Q2 is always a tough time for us because we're always sequentially moving up from Q2 into Q3, and trying to make a judgment about those margins at that time, Josh, was a little bit more difficult than it is for us now. And you can tell by our implied margins for Q4, we are even more bullish than we were last quarter.
Jon P. Marten: Yes, Jamie, Jon here. The savings in Q3 would be -- bear with me for 1 minute, $8 million. So that would be $8 million of the $30 million. And for the year, we would be at $17 million year-to-date of the $30 million.
Jon P. Marten: Yes. It's more the latter than the former. This is because we've moved the restructuring number from $100 million to $118 million as we went through all the additional projects. We found that, in some cases, we're doing a little bit better in terms of savings that we had before. And in some cases, we've had to increase the savings. And in other cases, and again, I -- sometimes, we make it sound very simple, these are many, many, many different projects all throughout the world, and so they go both ways. But when you aggregate them all together, we get to that additional $10 million. So it's -- but it's really mostly related to the delta between $100 million that we originally talked about at the beginning of this fiscal year, and the $118 million that we're talking about today.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes. Joe, this is Don Washkewicz. Really, right now, let me just describe the process, the forecasting process, we've got about 150 divisions right now that are working on the -- our fiscal '15 plan. And that's a global initiative. So they all roll off in the next month or so to our group presidents, our group levels. And then, those group presentations will be made to the management committee at the company. So really, at this point, it's really premature for us to really give you anything solid. Of course, we're not backing down from what we said before, is that our target is 15%, and we talk a lot about that. So we're not backing down from that. But I can't give you anything more specific. And so I see what the groups are coming in and what then we'll do is we'll aggregate all that and come up with -- we'll present that to the board. Once the board signs off on it, then we'll present it to you at the next meeting and give you a real good -- not only give you the numbers but we'll give you a lot of insight as to how we arrive at the numbers. But we're right in middle of that process. So it'd be kind of premature for me to predict anything at this point. Other than the fact that we're not backing down from what we told you earlier.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes. Well, as I said, I'm just going to repeat this a little bit, but I've kind of stated this in the past, the first priority, and I've mentioned it in my opening comments, is the dividend, and that's been our first priority, and will continue to be our first. Just to give you a little color on that, we've increased now 58 years in a row, actually increased the dividend. In the last 5 years, it's 92%, roughly, increase in the dividend. What we're trying to get to, this is a repeat as well, we're trying to get to 30% payout. Last year, we finished at 27%, we're at about 28% now, and we're going to gradually move it up and get to the 30% payout level. So that's the dividend. The second thing is CapEx. I'll only comment on CapEx because that's a critical part of our allocation as well, is that we've doubled the size of the company with a CapEx running around 2% to 2.5%, which I think is unheard of in this day and age. And it's really a tribute to the Lean initiatives and the WIN strategy that we're able to do that. So we're in pretty good shape on CapEx. You mentioned acquisitions, that's our next priority would be acquisitions, we have a number of them that we're looking at. We've got some in the pipeline, we've got some expressions of interest out there. I can't predict anything, and I won't predict that if we get them to the finish line or not because you never know until you actually signed the paperwork. So -- but we're still hopeful that we're going to be able to do something in the way of acquisitions. And if we don't, to your second question, yes, we will be looking at, this year, this calendar year, we will be looking at potential share repurchases. We've realized that there's -- we have plenty of capacity. Our first priority is to grow the company and use that capacity to grow the company but if that's not in the near-term cards, we'll utilize capacity to do some share repurchases. So we're not backing down from that. As far as pensions are concerned, I mentioned earlier, I think, we did $75 million this year, we don't anticipate we'll have to do anything else there. So that kind of gives you the total look at what we're looking at as far as capital allocation.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, we're looking at everything that comes across. I mean, all different sizes. There's no specific size that we're targeting on. So we're looking at a lot of different things. And if whatever we end up getting across the finish line, if we have excess capital and we think it's prudent to do some share repurchase, we'll do some share repurchase with whatever we've got left and bring everything back into kind of the normal range what you typically have seen us do in the past. I won't read anything more than that into this. I think, like I said, we've got some expressions of interest out there. We've got things that have fallen out of the pipeline, we've got other things that are coming into the pipeline. And until we can get something across the finish line, I just can't really give you much more to go on there. I mean -- but, with the exception that -- we hear what you're saying. And Nathan, you're consistent, you've been saying this for a long time now. So you're very consistent, and we appreciate that. And -- but that's kind of what I would say is we would certainly try to do the acquisitions and the balance, if we have a balance left after that, we would do some share repurchase. And that would have to be approved by our board, too. So I can't even give you a hard number on that but we would -- I think, the board would be in agreement with that.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes. I think, what we would say is that we're looking at the calendar year here, we're a few months, or 3 or 4 months into the calendar year now, we're seeing this calendar year, I think, would be the relative -- relevant timeframe that we'd be looking at.
Donald E. Washkewicz: I don't think that -- with the exception of maybe a couple of segments that are not tracking very strong like right now, which would be not very significant, and overall, I don't see a whole lot of destocking going on right now, I see more of cautious stocking relative to, and maybe in line with normal growth activities right now, pretty much across the board in all those segments I mentioned. I don't see big movements one way or another. No great destocking, nor any great emphasis on restocking above the current demand levels.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, let me just say that I don't know that I've been specific. I think, we've been talking about the year. And so I'm saying calendar year '14, it could happen in fiscal year '14, certainly. We might take some action, but we really don't have another board meeting until after the end of the fiscal year. So chances are we probably wouldn't do a major share repurchase before then. So it's really more like calendar '14. I don't know that I was specific one way or the other. I think, we just said the year within a year in the past. And then, the question on the 15%, I'm going to let Jon handle that. I think, he has some information for you.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes. I think, for the most part, what I would be referring to, it would be chemical process probably would be dominant within what I've been referring to here.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes. And I think, Ann, you had asked about the pricing as what's happening on pricing. Generally, I think, what we're saying, and it's been typical here of late, is that people are looking in the rearview mirror and saying, "What kind of a multiples businesses have gone for prior to 2009, prior to the big recession?" And I think, that's still in their memory banks. And I think, they still feel that even going into a much slower growth period that we're looking at now that they still think that the properties command much higher multiples than what we would normally think that we could justify based on a discounted cash flow. So I think, that's kind of where we're at now with probably a lot of other companies. We're looking at a future with growth rates that are not going to be bad, but they're not going to be as great as they were back prior to the big recession, at least not in the near-term. And so, the valuations we think are a little bit more pricey than they have been in the past. And I think, people need to forget a little bit about -- or maybe need not forget, but need to make an apples-to-apples comparison of what's going on in the past and what's going on now because we know that only -- there's only 2 lines on this kind of cash flow that make a difference, it's the sales growth line and operating margin. And with the sales growth being down a little bit from what it was in the past, I think, the multiple should come down with that.
Donald E. Washkewicz: I think, what we're doing, we're managing this pretty well. What we have, and it's a global index, we have what we call the Purchase Price Index, and the goal there is to be less than one, that's basically how we aggregate all the purchases we have from prior periods to current period. Time's divine. We aggregate all that. And we're tracking less than one. So I think, on a purchase price basis, we're doing a very good job of recovering the cost and as well as the margin. And on a sell price, we have also an index, which we call a Soft Price Index that works pretty much the same way. We track that around the world globally for all of our operations, all of our sales. And we want that to be tracking greater than one. So if we accomplish both of those things, which we are doing, then we're going to be recovering our cost and the margins. We increased the aftermarket twice a year. Well, it could be once or twice a year, but we have 2 different times, depending on what the need is, either in January or July. So that's when we address the aftermarket, any changes there. And the OEMs are addressed based on the anniversary of the contract that we would sign with OEMs. So that varies throughout the year. To talk about some of the input costs, actually, the input costs have been going up somewhat. But like I said, we were recovering them as they have been going up. Just some of the energy ones would be oil and natural gas. Oil is up slightly over last July when we started the fiscal. Natural gas is up about 30% from last July, so that's up quite a bit. And then, some of the raw material inputs being castings, that's up around 8%. Steel, just looking at a couple of other ones, steel and aluminum, steel is up about 5%, aluminum up 10%, copper up 3%, and nickel up 5%. So some of the more exotic metals are up about 5%. So there is some pressure coming from raw materials. But like I said, we've been managing that pretty well, and so far, we're staying ahead of the curve. I hope that's helpful. Pam has one thing to add there.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Thanks, Pam. So just a couple of closing comments. First of all, I want to thank again everyone on the call for joining us this morning. With our restructuring proceeding as planned, I think, you can see, with the strong operating execution and positive order trends, we expect to close out the year on a positive note, and we'll be well-positioned heading into fiscal year 2015. So we're very pleased with where we are today. A lot of hard work and effort went into the restructuring activities, which was referred to earlier in the year as a self-help program, and it is a self-help program. And I think, we've executed extremely well along those lines. Very difficult. But the team has really performed very well. I'd like to take the opportunity to thank our employees, all the employees, for their continued commitment and the success that we've had. Our global team continues to do a great job executing the WIN strategy and delivering positive results. So at this time, we'll close out, and I'd just like to wish everyone a great day. And then, if there are any other questions, Pam will be available for those throughout the balance of the day. Just give her a call.
