Pamela Huggins: Okay, thank you and nice to have you on the call. Jamie is probably on another call as I understand.
Pamela Huggins: Oh, that – I don’t know what’s going down here, but this is Pam speaking, and I have the guidance sitting before me by quarter. And while third quarter is a little bit below the third quarter not to the degree that you are mentioning, but one thing to remember is that in the fourth quarter we are not baking in the impact of the third quarter tax benefit. So really the fourth quarter is stronger than the third quarter once you back out that tax benefit.
Pamela Huggins: Yeah, and we do. At the mid point you are seeing well over $10 million and it’s higher than that in terms of the increase. So you are seeing a substantial increase from third quarter to fourth quarter and I throw up that number because I know that you guys are smart enough and are going to be able to back into it anyway.
Pamela Huggins: Yeah, Alex, you bring up a good point and I think if you look back, that's one of the strengths of Parker Hannifin, really the way that they are able to manage their working capital, whether it be in an up cycle or a down cycle. When you look at our DSO versus our peer companies, we always are at the very top of that list in managing our receivables. So we are very proud of where we come out with regard to that, and so – and I don't take credit for that, there are a lot of people around the world who work every day to make sure that that is taken care of. So we have people out in all of those divisions working very hard every day, making sure that we are collecting those receivables and that we don't have the kind of risk that you sometimes see out there. In terms of inventory, we are trying to get that down, we’ve been talking about that and in fact we have set an all-time record this quarter. Inventory as a percent of sales is 10.9%, and it's the first time it's ever been that low. So, and obviously we are smart enough to know that numbers play a little bit apart in that. But again, all of our divisions around the world working very hard to get that inventory. We said we want to be 10% of sales and at 10.9% we’re getting pretty close to that number, so we’re working very hard on that as well. We still have work to do, but happy with the results thus far. And then, of course we have gentlemen here who works on the payables side who is very good at seeing results there. We don’t quite do as well as we would like to do there, but we’ve made great progress. You can see the [inaudible] that three-day improvement that I mentioned in my script remarks. So, we are making progress there as well, so we’re very happy with what we’re seeing, but working hard every day to even make it better.
Pamela Huggins: Steve, this is Pam speaking. Yeah, I think you know what you are referencing we are seeing, but we are not getting too excited here yet. You know I think if you look at the very end of the quarter, in the last month and even in the mid month you saw some things may be picked up, but it’s just too early for us to get too exuberant. But you are right we are reading the same things that you are reading and so I did question our climate industrial controls group about that, and yeah, slightly.
Pamela Huggins: Yeah. There is about 15% of that business which is on the industrial side, which is the flood control, and then there is 35% which is what we call mobile, which is made up of trucks, refrigeration and trucks, off highway equipment, auto. And then about 50% of the business is stationary air conditioning and refrigeration.
Pamela Huggins: Thank you. At this time I think we are going to end the Q&A session. We are past our hour. I would like to thank all of you for attending and to those people out there supporting your analysts. I want to give you a special thank you for participating in the call today and look forward to talking to you later. But before closing, I just want to turn it over to Don, who just has some comments before we close the call. Thank you.
Jon Marten: Okay well, this is Jon and just to begin – I think as Don indicated earlier where we stand in Asia is right where we thought we were going to at the beginning of this year. Don talked about how our revenues internationally industrial are stabilizing. That holds true for Asia as well as for Europe for us when you really look into the guidance by segment you will see that we are basically sequentially up slightly from Q3 to Q4 in our comps versus last year, very tough comps and still showing really good results. So as Don indicated we are going to be looking at the trends for Asia, China specifically, but Asia in total as well as Europe altogether deeply during our Q4 and we will be updating our guidance from July 1 to June 30 of calendar year ’13 here at the beginning of August. But I think the keyword for us right now is that our international sales both in Europe given the issues there as well as in China given the issues there that have stabilized and that’s what's included in our guidance here for Q4.
Jon Marten: Well, I think that in Europe we are seeing a broad based stabilization in all end markets and all of our businesses in Europe. So we feel very confident in our forecast here for our Q4 and for the balance of the year. Now, in Asia although, yes, we are very well aware of the mobile hydraulics issues in Asia and in China specifically. We have gone through in detail all of our end markets and all of our product lines there and we are seeing a real stabilization of our revenues that are coming from that region. So, yes, mobile hydraulics is down slightly, not a big number, nothing really that concerns us, and we are really happy with the way that our Asian business and our revenues from Asia have materialized here for us as we really look at Q4. And like I said, I think to give you a broader perspective long term we’ll have to give you a really more detailed update in August for that.
Jon Marten: Yeah, Alex, the CapEx was the other number. We’re running around 1.6% right now of sales. And I think that over a longer run we’re not going to see that be 1.6%, but I haven’t been quite amazed myself as to how efficient we’ve been able to get as a result of rolling out lean and really driving that to some of the self-directed work team effort going on in the company and so forth. It’s really gratifying to see these kinds of CapEx numbers. And that just frees up cash to do other things which you’re starting to see here that we’re looking at. So, yeah, it’s a good number.
Jon Marten: Well, I think Eli, I’ll start out, this is John and I know Don will perhaps have some points to add. But, certainly in Q3 in the ordering patterns as well as our conversion, we saw excellent progress in our oil and gas end markets. We saw excellent progress in our construction end markets, and we saw excellent progress in distribution overall. Those markets really helped drive our results in Q3 and drive results in our Q3 to a greater extend that we thought that they would be here as we were looking at Q3 in North America at the end of Q2. So I think in a nut shell I don’t want to just say that it’s just that but those would be the top markets I think. In general I think a key take away would be that North America results with the quarter on the top line and in the orders, is broad based. It’s many, many of the segments that we operate in all across the product lines that we have, and a real testament to some of the diversification efforts that we have been making over the last five years here to really help drive our North American revenues and we are very, very proud of that, very excited about that for the future. And with that oath for the future too.
Jon Marten: Well, Eli, Jon again. Just a couple of comments on that. Number one, I don’t want to say anything too definitive about FY ’13 today because we really need to study very hard the patterns. But two, just high level points to make. The commercial OEM business and the commercial after market business in aerospace are just fantastic and they are only going to accelerate as time goes on. What we have to balance that out is against what is happening in the defense markets at the OEM level and it defends aftermarket MRO level, and that’s where the really deep analysis will be made. But I think long term as we were talking about on our investor day in December, long term the prospects, the organic prospects going forward are fantastic and we are going to have a lot more to say about the mix in aerospace here at the beginning of August.
Jon Marten: Well, I think our restructuring all together is $0.06 for the year, we’re going to have $0.02 in Q4. And in Europe, specifically, there has not been, as compared to the prior years, nearly as much restructuring as we’ve had in prior years. We feel very good about our cost structure there as it continues to improve over time. And really, we’ve been working with the local councils and the local governments on different programs there that really frankly don’t require us to do a significant restructuring like we maybe had to four or five years ago. So, we really are very optimistic about being able to further improve our cost structure there over time and really improve our bottom-line margins as we continue to grow and add synergies from all of our businesses there and our sales companies and the way that we go to market which is we feel is very unique and very special about on our company.
Jon Marten: Well, I think as Don talked about in his comments, this is Jon, Don talked about in his comments, you know, R&D is a really tough expense. You know, the expense – everything is incurred in that business from an R&D standpoint, and it’s really tough to get the timing right. And so, we really got some expenses into our Q3 that we have been projecting into other quarters. But really when you think about R&D in aerospace as a percent of sales we are still going to be right where we thought that we were going to be at the beginning of the year, last year in FY ’11 we were above 10% heading towards 11% of sales of R&D as a percent of sales. This year we will be FY ’12 well below 10% as a percent of sales in R&D. And we anticipate that trend will continue in our out years as time goes on. A more normalized number is in the 7% to 8% range. And so, that’s what we have been kind of targeting for ourselves, and as Don alluded to there is just a timing issue in Q3.
Unidentified Analyst: A quick clarification question when looking at your guidance. So, if we are taking the mid point of the updated guidance, $7.40, and I'm adjusting for the $0.13 tax benefit, then I guess according to my math I'm looking at fourth quarter guidance of about $1.80 which when I am looking at performance in the third quarter again adjusted for the tax benefit of $1.88, at the mid point would suggest a step down in EPS from the third to fourth quarter and that’s something that traditionally speaking we haven’t seen generally speaking.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, I thought I was doing that, but perhaps I got my math wrong. The point is we should be seeing really a step up in operating results in the fourth quarter result.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, hopefully. My follow-up is still on the international side, and some of the commentary, they are positive and we appreciate that. A little bit different than what we’ve heard from Ethan. So I guess I am wondering, what is it that you guys are seeing Europe versus Asia, is there a difference in the way these markets are performing and perhaps mobile versus fixed [inaudible].
Don Washkewicz: Yeah. And Rick, this is Don, I don’t know – you were mentioning other companies, so I am not sure exactly what they are saying. I am not watching their reports. But we are putting a lot of infrastructure into Asia, we are penetrating market in Asia, we are going to continue that along those lines. Our breadth of product line doesn’t even compare to the other people that we are talking about here. We have a broad range of products whether it goes from ceiling or filtration, pretty much across the board, so I don’t think you can do – there is no apples to apples comparison when you are talking about the two companies.
Don Washkewicz: Well, the key there – this is Don, the housing starts as a key part of that group that’s tied directly pretty much to housing starts. There is truck activity and there is some industrial valves activity, but primarily the refrigeration, air conditioning parts are tied to a great extend to the housing market. And we know that what the situation is there. I will make a note that, in March, and you don’t see that number in March, but in March that group had double-digit ROS numbers, operating ROS. So it is improving as we go forward. Some of the restructuring that was done last year is starting to come through. So like I said, you are not going to see that number but that’s what it was. There was less revenues and there was more income. So, yeah, the revenues were down but the income was higher. So I think we’re seeing the benefits of lot of the restructuring that has been going on in that group. So until such time as the housing market really starts to rebound I think we are probably bouncing off the bottom there. And when we start getting some up lift I think this group will start coming back and show some nicer numbers based on a lot of the work that they have done as far as restructuring over the past six to nine months.
Don Washkewicz: Well, we have – as we had indicated for the last year or two, some of the ones that we are talking about today we have been – well actually one of them I can tell you I have been looking at for 35 years. So you never can predict when you are going to get something through the pipeline and so that’s gratifying to see where we are at. And there is more in the pipeline. We are working on, we are looking at more, and we anticipate more coming through. It’s hard to predict when because you never know what you run into as you are going through the negotiations. But we haven’t stopped. We’ve got a lot of dry powder so to speak in cash capacity, debt capacity that we can utilize to make more acquisitions and we intend to do that. I think just the ones we’ve done off late would add about 3% of sales roughly next year just themselves. So I think you can see how we are building some backlog here for another good year in the coming year. But we don’t anticipate stopping here. We want to continue to build on what we have started to get through the pipeline.
Don Washkewicz: Yeah, we have authority, renewed authority from our board to buy up to 16 million shares in this fourth quarter. We could buy zero or we could buy 16 million or anything in between. So that’s strictly just for the fourth quarter. We have renewed authority for next year, but that’s all separate than what we are talking about now. This specifically has to do with the fourth quarter. And with the stocked away it’s been languishing at the levels that it’s been which has not been where we think it should be. We will take some prudent action here where you are looking at our models where we use a discounted cash flow model, we have a grid that we establish. We are kind of getting in the red zone, okay, if I can put it in those terms as to when we just don’t want to see this drop any further. So, yeah, so we have that capacity and we will utilize it wisely and opportunistically.
Don Washkewicz: No. Actually we have – this would give us the ability at $80 a share, you know assuming it’s at $80, to acquire about a 1.2 billion or some thereabouts in shares. We have about, what our debt capacity right now we have another $1.2 billion capacity and that’s not counting any additional earnings going forward that we’ve been generating record cash flows going – over the past year if we look at our record cash flows we are going to have plenty of cash to do the dividends, the share repurchase, and any acquisitions that we want to going forward. I feel pretty comfortable with all that.
Don Washkewicz: This is Don, I just have a couple of quick comments and I’ll let Jon follow-up from there. Europe for the year I'm going to touch on Europe I'm going to touch on Asia just separately, but Europe for the year is going to be up about 5%. Remember what we said earlier that the second half, which our second half or third and fourth quarters is going to be weaker.  Well, actually it was down on a year-to-year basis third quarter about 1% in Europe. So what you are saying is true. There has been some degradation, but we anticipated that. For the fourth quarter we are looking at down another percent which is on target from what we have predicted and that’s from last year’s fourth quarter so that’s about a 1% down from last year’s fourth quarter which was a pretty strong quarter. If you look at Asia, we are going to end up for the year about 2.5% up for the full year. The third quarter was up about a percent over last year’s third quarter. Again if you look at Europe and Asia they are kind of offsetting in that respect. Europe was down about a percent third quarter over third quarter, Asia is up about a percent third quarter over third quarter. So you get kind of a flat, stable kind of outlook. We are looking at Asia about down 2% in the fourth quarter, which is a strong quarter over last year, 2% quarter over quarter in Asia in total. So when we look at all of this together, and keep in mind that Latin America is coming back as a smaller region, of course Latin America is starting to show some life off the bottom, we are looking at kind of a stable outlook, flattish kind of outlook going forward. I hope that helps, and Jon you can add anything that you might want to add to.
Don Washkewicz: Yeah, David, I think the relevant range is still the 20% to 30% incremental returns. That’s with acquisitions. I think at least the early numbers that we have looked at here is kind of falling in that range. Like I said, we are going to give you a more detail and better color as we go forward. But I feel comfortable in that range going forward with the projections that we are going to be giving you from organic as well as the acquisition growth. I think we are going to be doing fine. We are seeing obviously a pretty strong growth from aerospace, which is positive. I think we had a little negative impact off late because of their higher than expected non-recurring engineering. I think that’s going to drift down a little bit, that’s going to be a little bit more accretive to the MROS going forward. Irrespective of what happens in Europe and Asia, I think as long as they don’t implode more than what we anticipate here, I mean a little softening, I think we are going to be fine with those kind of marginal that I am reflecting here.
Don Washkewicz: No, I won’t make those assumptions, no. Keep in mind too that we have been shrinking in CIC all year. We anticipate that not going to be continuing to be continuing forever either. So there is some margin impacts from other areas of the business that you got to take into consideration when you look at the end result for the year.
Don Washkewicz: Yeah, there are restructuring benefits that we have seen and we will continue to see. We are also going to see the continued activity on oil and gas which has been very good for us, very strong. And again, the other thing that we see building and continue to build strong relative to the OEM side of the businesses distribution, distribution is a real strong piece of the puzzle, and we anticipate at least early look at next year looks like that’s going to continue strong as well. That all adds to the higher margins and higher incrementals.
Don Washkewicz: Well, I'm just going to give you a little bit of color on the order trends. Again we’ve done this in the past. We look real closely at our 3-12 pressure curves in ’12, and that’s a good predictor of what's coming down the road. And if you look at industrial North America just looking at our 3-12 – this is the last three months of the previous year of the same three months in 12-12 would be the last 12 months order trend over the same ’12. North America, both of those trends are very strong and are well above a 100%. We are talking about a 108% on the 3-12, a 112% on the 12-12. So, very strong going into next year. We don’t anticipate any major changes there because they already have orders in the pipeline to cover the early part of next fiscal year already. Europe is flattening out at about a 100, little bit of greater than that on the 12-12 is running about a 110, but 3-12 is running around a 100. So I can see the Europe coming in for a soft landing going into next year which is kind of what I have been saying here. Asia likewise is coming in at around a 100. So we are coming in kind of – that’s what we say those two regions look kind of stable to us right now at the levels that we are looking at here right now.
Don Washkewicz: Kind of stable outlook internationally, right. Now, if you look at some of the specific markets, heavy duty truck is strong, I think you probably tracked that as well. Construction, off highway construction is still strong. Refrigeration, as I indicated earlier, the CIC Group is one of our weaker segments. That’s below 100% on the 3-12 and the 12-12, so that’s still got ways to go before it bounce off of the bottom and start seeing some improvement there. Semiconductor is still weak, according to our pressure curves 3-12 and 12-12 are under a 100 there, and that’s what we anticipate and we have been forecasting. Process has been – process markets have been pretty strong, well above a 100, about a 120 and growing on the 3-12, running about 110% on 12-12. So you can see that that is a real strong market for us. And I mentioned Aerospace before, the Aerospace 3-12 pressure curve is at about 125. So that’s going to be very strong for us next year. But keep in mind that two areas I think I want you to remember, our distribution and aerospace, I think those two areas, discount the fact that Asia and Europe are going to be whatever they are going to be. We are going to continue to grow our presence in Asia and put more assets on the ground which we are doing and we are going to eat into the market share over there. But we’ll have to see how that develops. I don’t think it’s going to get much worse than it is now, we are not anticipating that. But the real big areas for next year I think you are going to continue to see a real strong North American development and then also Aerospace will be another strong segment. So that would be some of my input on the coming year.
Don Washkewicz: I think Steve we found the bottom. Hopefully going forward we are going to start bumping on the up side here. So, year-over-year we are down 6% on revenues. We’ve got more income than we did last year because of all the restructuring we are down 6% in revenues. We are lean as we have ever been in that group, and believe me we get a little volume we will be generating some nice MROS numbers. But, yeah, I think if you hear the rest of the commentary from other companies I think there is only one way to go from here is up. I mean that’s the only way to go. So it’s just a matter of timing right now.
Don Washkewicz: Again that would depend on just a mix of what's going on there. Certainly we have been in the teens before. We have never been, to the best of my recollection to 15 for any period of time. We might have hit 15 and a quarter. I'm not even sure we did that. I think more like 13 or some or thereabouts. But keeping in mind too that that group has traditionally had a much lower asset intensity to it, and as a result we get to our return on net assets metrics a lot, and a lot lower ROS. Not this data we want to give any group a pass. We still think that we want all these groups to be at 15 plus, and as a matter of fact virtually all of the other groups demonstrated 15% plus kind of performance here especially as you can see now from this month or this quarter. So, we have got some other things going on in that group that are going to be accretive to us going forward. There are some very significant projects going on in our renovation program with precision cooling and things like that that are higher margin businesses. These are innovative type products coming out and we think that’s going to be accretive to that business as well. We are going to be able to hit 15. The question is, it’s hard to say. I think we are going to certainly be in the teens and approaching 15. Like I said we hit double digits in the pretty down period of time here this last quarter. So it has been gradually coming up and a lot of that’s because of all of the restructuring we are doing. So I think we are setting the field for something good going forward in that group.
Don Washkewicz: That’s a good question. I know that it was unusual for this quarter. Every now and then we get a surprise like this. I can't promise you that we won't get another surprise going down the road. It’s the timing issue as far as how these class roll in, and so our hopes are that this is a one time event, but I can't promise you that. A few quarters down have a timing situation where a lot of things hit all on one quarter, we have another event. But the trend ought to be going down.
Don Washkewicz: Yeah, that’s a good question. You know we had a lot of things going on here on the raw materials side that have been going up and down and sideways and what have you. One of the more significant things that happened was on the polymer side. There was an explosion in Europe of one of the Nylon 11 – Nylon 12 facilities over there which put the automotive business companies in a tizzy because a lot of it is used in fuel lines. We are not in that part of the business, but we do use Nylon 11 and Nylon 12 for air break tubing on trucks and things like that. We did have alternates that we were able to utilize. We had different constructions for some of these products and we are able to keep our customers out of trouble. So I think there was going to be a ramp up certainly on pricing and some of the raw materials on the polymer side of the business. If you look at the metals, copper is increasing at a decreasing rate, aluminum for the most part is leveling off now, at least the last numbers that I had seen. Oil was at one year high in March. Steel had an annual all time high, I believe it was in February and Nickel was kind of flat for the year, but pretty volatile, bounces all over the place. So, when you talk about pricing where we are right now is as you know we measure the – what we call the purchase price index and for all of our divisions and all of our purchases worldwide and we aggregate that number for the entire company and then we look at the sell price index through our pricing teams worldwide and we aggregate that and the key here is to make sure that the sell price index is high enough to recover any purchase increases in cost that you’ve incurred and any other costs plus the margin. And I can tell you right now we are running positive there. So we are staying on top of this and we are recovering these raw material increases as we are inferring them in pricing, and we will continue to do that. There is price increases that are scheduled for the July timeframe, we had some of that happen in the January timeframe and that’s going to continue. And again, our whole mission here is to make sure that we don’t fall behind and jeopardize margins because we are not passing on increases properly. We have done a really, really good job of this over the last probably six, seven years since we have launched our strategic pricing initiative here in the company.
Don Washkewicz: Yeah, thanks Pam and just a couple of last closing comments. First of all thanks all of those on the call. I know that there was another meeting. We were not expecting that to happen. Unfortunately it did happen with another one of our peer companies. So this is going to be tough for people to try to cover both of these meetings. But I think hopefully we gave you a little bit of color on what’s happening at the company and maybe a little glimpse of what we anticipate going into next year. You can see what’s happening with the acquisitions and how we are going to be managing the cash here. The dividend increase that we have talked about, it’s another 5% that we just announced. That’s 10% for the year. So we are trying to keep our shareholders that we have happy, and we have got some capacity here certainly on the share buyback activity that we can action as we go forward. So I think you have an idea as to what our plans and our strategies are going forward. I would like to take this opportunity also as long as we are on the call to thank all of our employees worldwide for their continued commitment to serve our customers. They have really done a remarkable job here off late and for continuing to deliver a strong financial performance that we are seeing for the company, setting our all-time records. It’s really gratifying to see all the good work that’s been done and the kind of results that we are achieving as a result of that. We anticipate a strong finish to fiscal ’12, as we indicated. We don’t see anything bad happening over the next several months here certainly, and we are going to give you the best look at fiscal ’13 in August and we think again that’s going to be a growth year for us. So I want to thank you for your participation on the call and for your continued interest in Parker, and then if there is any additional questions, of course Pam will be around the rest of the day. She will be happy to take your calls. So with that, take care and have a great day, bye-bye.
