Stephen Volkmann: Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities Mick Dobray - Robert W. Baird Alexander Blanton - Clear Harbor Asset Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Linda - Credit Suisse Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Henry Kirn - UBS
Stephen Volkmann: Great. I appreciate that, and maybe just quickly, just your thoughts on share repurchase given the liquidity you have on the balance sheet and the cash flow that you seem to be doing this year.
Stephen Volkmann: That’s great, and I don’t want to put words in your mouth Don, but it sounds like what you’re saying is the acquisition pipeline is fuller than it’s been for a while. Is that accurate or it might mean too much.
Pamela Huggins: Thanks Erica. Good morning everyone. As Erica just said, its Pamela Huggins speaking and I’d like to welcome you to Parker-Hannifin’s first quarter fiscal year 2013 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Don Washkewicz; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Marten. For those of you who wish to do so, you may follow today’s presentation with the PowerPoint slides that have been presented on Parker’s website at www.phstock.com. For those of you not on the line, the slides will remain posted on the company’s Investor Information website at www.phstock.com, one-year after today’s call. At this time I would ask that you reference slide number two in the slide deck, which is the Safe Harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements, and as usual ask, if haven’t already done so, please take note of this statement in its entirety. On slide three, this slide as required indicates that in cases where non-GAAP numbers have been used, they’ve been reconciled to the appropriate GAAP numbers and are posted on Parker’s website at phstock.com. Again, to cover the agenda for today on slide number four, the call will be in four parts. First, Don Washkewicz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President will provide highlights for the quarter. Second, I’ll provide a review, including key performance measures of the first quarter, concluding with the revised 2013 guidance. The third part of the call will consist of the standard Q&A session; and for the fourth part of the call today, Don will close with some final comments. So at this time I’ll turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to slide number five titled First Quarter Fiscal Year ‘13 highlights.
Pamela Huggins: Right, and one thing to be aware of the way the currency impacts, it gets more favorable as we go throughout the year.
Pamela Huggins: I just would like to make a comment about this marginal return on sales at this point. There are certain points in the cycle when you don’t have a lot of acquisitions, you can look at these marginal returns on sales number and they make a lot of sense. But then there is points in the cycle and especially a period like this when we are doing a lot of acquisitions. These marginal return of sales numbers, there is the law of small numbers, number one. And then also due to the acquisitions they can become a little distorted, and if you look at North America, just to give you an example, the marginal return on sales in the first half is, you’re right, north of 35%, but if you look at the first quarter and the second quarter, you have a favorable 6% and then a unfavorable 24% in the second quarter, so it’s just the way the numbers are working out. For North America, quite frankly we’re right in line where we think we should be.
Pamela Huggins: Well, let me just give you a little color on how things played out through the quarter. As we went into July and then August, we were feeling pretty good, because we were right on pace with what we had told you previously. It’s really the month of September that really did take a big decline.
Pamela Huggins: Yes. For the quarter, you can actually look at the miss. We did a $1.57 for the quarter; we thought we were going to do around $1.66. It really was attributable to the really tough September month.
Pamela Huggins: It’s Pam Huggins speaking. Really we’ve become, I don’t want to say negative, but versus what we were thinking even three months ago, our view is somewhat different. We were probably a little exuberant in what we thought might happen in China, but we were right in line with that everybody else was thinking at the time too. We thought we would see more of an up-tick there actually now. We do have the little bit of growth baked in, but it’s very minor, 1% to 2 % in the second half, and I would call that probably more in line with the natural cycle of our business, than really seeing any true up-tick that’s going to take place there.
Pamela Huggins: Okay. At this time, we’d like to end the formal Q&A session and I’m going to turn it over to Don who just has a few closing comments. But for those of you on the call, I just want to say thank you. I know that you guys have had a very busy day today; a lot of people releasing earnings this morning. So thank you for taking the time to attend our call. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Don.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, let’s talk a little bit first about just a couple of other indicators. Now one thing, when you look at it, I like to look at the PMI indices, because that’s kind of telling as to what’s happening there. First of all, all of the PMI’s pretty much globally have been going up interesting enough, in spite of what we’ve been just talking about here, but only North America is greater than 50%. So that’s kind of telling us, well everything seems to be moving a little bit in the right direction, but nothing other than North America is really in a positive territory with respect to the PMI. When we look at the specific market segments and what’s happening there as far as order trends, which ones are doing better and not as good, pretty much all of the aerospace markets, both military OEM and aftermarket segments are all looking good on a quarter-to-quarter comparison; that’s what I am going to kind of give you here is the kind of the overall trend. Some of the other ones that are looking good, power gen process markets, farm and ag has been positive and I think that will continue, oil and gas has been positive and commercial refrigeration. If we look at our trends, those would be the positive ones. The ones that are kind of flattening out for the most part, but not necessarily terrible, but it’s just that they are not growing at the same rate they had been in the past would be cars and light trucks distribution, semiconductor, life science and heavy-duty truck. I mean this is not to say those are doing real bad, it’s just that the trends are actually flattening out on those. Then regionally if we look at the regions as well, as far as the trends both the 3/12 cyclical and the 12/12 cyclicals, right now North America, the 3/12 is a little bit below 100%, which would mean that the North American markets are coming in for a soft landing, kind of flattening out, which we kind of have been seeing here so the 12/12 is still north of 100, but heading toward 100% on a year-to-year basis. Europe is running around mid-90’s on a 3/12, which is basically pulling the 12/12 down into the mid-90’s. So that would be the worst region for us worldwide, that’s real weak. Asia, we have basically a 3/12 and 12/12, that’s just slightly below 100%, so pretty flat. Asia pretty flat at this level, this is flat to slightly negative. Latin America, the 12/12 is running just under 100%m so again it’s still weakest as well. So really with the exception of North America, the rest of these regions are weak, Europe being the weakest for us. I could go on to specific end markets, but I just wanted to give you that basic color there. One other thing that just to give you maybe another bit of information, our backlog, this would be our total backlog for the company. In the first quarter it decreased 2.5% year-on-year and that’s for the total company, that includes aerospace. If you look just at the industrial part of the business, the backlog decreased by 8%, so that will kind of give an indication. Again, that activity or those numbers Pam already covered as to where that was coming from. So hopefully that helps you a little bit.
Donald Washkewicz: Well share buyback, currently just to remind everybody, we increased our 10b about a year ago, 10b5-1 from about $50 million a year to $200 million. So we are around $200 million a year, about $50 million a quarter pace right now, so that will continue. We bought in the first quarter I believe somewhere around 57 million shares back in the first quarter and that would give you about $107 million in the first quarter total for the company. What I have been doing, not just I, but what we have been doing is really focusing primarily right now, trying to keep enough dry powder to go after some of these acquisitions that are in the pipeline. You can see that we picked up five. We’ve got a couple of more coming through in this quarter. So we’ve been just kind of are these going to make it at the finish line or not. If they are, we’d like to maintain, have some capacity to do some of these acquisitions, not all of them we realize are going to make it to the finish line. Then after that if in fact they don’t, we’ll buyback more shares, but I don’t want to predict at this point just what we are going to do. I’d say the preference right now, because we’ve been working on some of these acquisitions is to try to get some of these closed in the balance of this fiscal year. The other thing that we are going to do, of course we are going to continue to do would be the dividend payout; we want to continue that. We have an increased record that goes from 56 years now and we are pretty happy about the yield where it’s at. We are approximately at the median of our peer group, around 2% yield and we might need to tweak that a little bit. Of course if the stock drops further, we don’t have to worry it’ll be higher than 2% yield, but we hope that doesn’t happen. In acquisitions, not acquisitions, but in other growth areas like supporting capital expenditures, we are still looking at around 2.5%. I think Pam mentioned around 2.5% and we are still looking at that as far as capital allocation. So hopefully that answers and I can’t give you a hard number on share repurchase of course. We’ll look at share repurchase in light of the acquisitions that we are looking at and if we have capacity there and the shares are suppressed, we’ll definitely do more share repurchase.
Donald Washkewicz: I think that’s very accurate. It seems like it took a longer time to fill it this time around, because we’ve been talking about it for a long time that we are looking at a lot of things. It seems like the fluid is moving a little slower through the pipe, but they are starting to coming out the other end, so that’s good and it’s encouraging, because we’ve picked up some very nice acquisitions off late.
Donald Washkewicz: Yes, that’s the segment that we’ve seen the most adjustment in, is the construction equipment, the OEM segment. A lot of the OEMs readjusting there and I think that’s pretty much globally too by the way, its not just North America, it’s pretty much globally, that, what we are seeing in the construction segment or part of the business.
Donald Washkewicz: Yes, the distributors, I wouldn’t say distributors Eli are probably reacting from what input we are getting, pretty much like they have in the past. Pretty much haven’t been building a lot of inventory to begin with. So they are basically adjusting to the reality like we are. I don’t see any huge material changes one-way or the other. I think they are going to gradually making adjustments as times go forth. Keep in mind that there is no cliff that we see on the distribution part of the business either, see that’s still a pretty solid segment for us.
Donald Washkewicz: Maybe Alex I’ll just touch on -- this is Don, I’ll touch on the second part of that. We can’t predict what’s going to happen frankly. We have our own opinions as to what would be best for the economy and best for our business certainly as to outcomes, but I don’t want to go online and predict anything. I think instead of doing that, we just decided not to predict anything, and just say, hey we are going to get another look at this after the beginning of the year. We’re going to know lot more then. We feel pretty comfortable with our second quarter; you can back into our second quarter numbers. We’ve given enough information. So you can back into that and we feel pretty confident on those. And when you look at October, the way it’s coming in right now, I mean October is usually a pretty good month and its shoring up to be reasonably good month, so that’s going to carry a big portion of the second quarter, because remember November, December are the weakest months in the quarter. So had we not had indication of a reasonable October, we would be telling a different story right here, so okay.
Donald Washkewicz: This is Don again. I think if we see that happening on an ongoing basis, then it’s going to bode not so well for 2013. But like we said earlier, we’re seeing this adjustment and I think this is just adjusting like we are adjusting to the current reality and I don’t see it continuing. At least at point if the global condition worsen, and then I think maybe there’s going to be another readjustment. But I think that’s how it will affect us over the long period. I don’t see any sustaining effect of what we saw in September above and beyond what we’ve already indicated in our guidance.
Donald Washkewicz: Nothing’s changing, it’s a timing thing. Like I said the pipeline takes a while to fill. Once you get things going down through the pipeline, it’s a timing issue. When those start coming out the other end, I have to have money to pay for. If they are not going to come out the other end or if they are going to come through slow, then I can maybe do some share buyback and replenish my dry powder in the interim. So it’s really a matter of timing as far as what I can do and how much I can do, when I can do. We’ve done a lot of share buyback in the last couple of years. I mean a $1 billion type numbers. So it’s not like we’ve been sitting here doing nothing. We weren’t able to do as many deals in the last couple of years, because we are filling the pipeline, we are looking at things, we are turning some away, we are looking more seriously at some. So I think it’s really a timing issue and we look at kind of real time all the time, like okay, how much money do we have, what’s our leverage, we are not going to let our leverage go above 37%. We are going to maintain our A ratings on our debt. So what can we do and how much can we do; when can we do it? Of course, if I knew that the stock was going to drop $7 today, of course this would be a great buying opportunity and it is a great buying opportunity, and I am not going to predict anything here, but I say that we are certainly looking at that in light of everything else we’ve got coming through the pipeline. But once I get things going through the pipeline, and get them going through a due diligence process, I can’t just shut that off. I mean it would be silly to do that. We spent a lot of money to get them to that point. So we’ve got to continue through with the ones that we are looking at seriously and we are always looking at Parker’s stock as a good potential acquisition for us and certainly at these levels that it’s at now, it’s a tremendous opportunity.
Donald Washkewicz: That’s a good question Henry. I think one thing that we are doing is adjusting the workforces globally. It’s slower in Europe. Probably the slowest of any region around the world is Europe because of all the workers council negotiations and the government negotiations that go on when you are trying to reduce workforce or adjust it down and so what we’ve done over time, is we’ve built up a layer of what we call associates part time employees and so forth, so that we could flex better and that’s what we are kind of working into right now as these associates, where you can take actions a little bit quicker and adjust a little bit faster and yet not eat into your core workforce, so that’s kind of what we are working on. The other thing that we’ve done as we gotten some locations, we have shortened work weeks. Again, every facility -- we have about 350 facilities, so everyone is in a different state as far as demand and order trends and so forth. So they are adjusting with short work weeks, part timers and associate workers and so forth. Those are the kind of things we are doing in the workplace. I think we are going to be in a tremendously good position to rebound whenever there happens to be a rebound and hopefully that’s soon here. There is certainly a possibility it could be soon. So we are ready, we can add people back, we’ve got the core workforce still there, so that we can respond quickly to any changes in demand.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, I want to once again thank everyone on the call for joining us this morning and I also want to take the opportunity to thank all of our employees as I have in the past for their continued commitment and our success. The team continues to execute on our win strategy and they continue to outperform and perform extremely well vis-à-vis our peer group. Throughout this period of uncertainty we are going to continue to manage our cost as we said on this call. We are going to maintain our strong financial position as I stated with our leverage and we are going to continue to pursue our long-term growth strategy and we’ve talked about all of those issues today. So I want to thank you again for your participation on the call and for your continued interest in Parker. As we’ve said in past, Pam will be here the balance of the day and she will be taking calls. If you have anything that we haven’t answered, feel free to give her a call today. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Jon Marten: Well, in terms of the aerospace Eli, it is really both. It’s the R&D that Don talked about earlier and just us trying to react to some of the programs that we won over the last five years and a little bit of a change there in terms of our forecast going forward and also again…
Jon Marten: About $0.02. And then the other part of the change in the guidance is in the mix and it has to do with the commercial MRO business here. Its not quite as robust as we had planned, slightly down.
Jon Marten: I would say that’s North America is staying, industrial is staying north of 17% and international gradually improving throughout the year.
Jon Marten: Well, for the Industrial International segment we are seeing a $0.03 for the integration and acquisition cost. This relates to deals that we have announced and completed in Q1. This also relates to deals that are unannounced and that are in the pipeline that Don has been referring to.
Jon Marten: Alex, Jon here. Just to try to help you with that. Internationally, first we talked about the acquisition integration and acquisition costs. So that $0.03 that we’ve talked about are baked into those MRO this year for Q1. In addition to that, as you know we try to manage to negative 30. That’s historically in the best times. When we are actually going down we, are able to manage the negative 30 and that provides a very good result from us, from a margin or return on sales. When we first start turning though, as we are turning right now, we can’t react instantaneously and so we are furiously throughout all of our operations, specifically in this case internationally that we are talking about working to try to take the actions that are necessary in order to adjust to the new reality that we are seeing here in terms of the recession in Europe in most countries there, as well as the reduced industrial production indexes that we are seeing from Asia, primarily in China.
Jon Marten: Right, right. So, we don’t expect that 50 to continue and we are determined to get to no worse than negative 30.
Jon Marten: Well, we’ve got a certain base that we will continue to maintain and we will continue to try to structure all of our operating divisions in a way that is going to make us also able to be able to react as things go back up. So we’ll be mindful of the long-term, we’re not going to be totally short-term focused.
Jon Marten: Andy, Jon here. One thing that we’ve been looking at very closely is and talking about is of course as we are putting the guidance together here. How does this situation compare to prior years and we are very intensely looking at the data in each one of our groups and each one of our segments. One of the things that Don talked about earlier, I think it’s very important for you and Alex and Joel and everybody to remember is that we did experience several cancellations from some of our OEM customers and those cancellations of course are one-time events. They are not a general pattern. They were enough for us to mention in our comments going forward and so as we experienced those cancellations they’ll have a one-time impact on our order rates for a quarter, but we don’t see, especially given the detail that we know behind the order reductions, we don’t see that impacting us going forward at the same rate. So what we do as you know is, we took our bottoms up approach in our forecast when we put our guidance together. We feel very good about our Q2 and our balance of the fiscal year based on what we know right now, and that is how we basically have looked at this question of the orders in the month of September and the impact on North America for the quarter.
Jon Marten: Yes, I think that they are resetting, there is no doubt that they are resetting and we are reflecting that in our results and keep in mind that as Don talked about the PMI moving up in North America, many of our customers that reset their orders in the quarter are also resetting their look to react to the international situation and sometimes those orders are going to our OEM customers in North America, but ultimately are destined for final demand that is international related.
Jon Marten: Well, I think if you look at what’s happening from some of the PMI’s that I had mentioned earlier, which is probably the best indicator overall. I mean we can talk about our own numbers and all that, but the Europe is negative, I mean negative to 50%, they are down around 45%, 46%. They creped up a little bit in September. Germany actually bounced up about three points, so they are around 47%, which is a good indicator. So I don’t think deterioration from this point as what I’m seeing here. I just don’t see a tremendous up-tick either. I just see more of a steady as she goes.
Jon Marten: Nathan, as the quarter went on, it was obvious to us that in Europe we were bouncing along a low level, and so we don’t see further deterioration through the quarter. Our projections through the balance of the year are that we are basically flat lining and flat lining in terms of the growth that we had projected in the first sort of the guidance at the rate that we are now seeing. And Nathan, we are in a low level there. We’ve never gotten to the point that we really have been able to see a huge growth in the different end markets that were in there that are opposed to some of the other end markets around the world. We are really focusing in on some of the growth opportunities that are in very strong end markets that are in Europe right now; one of them being oil and gas process, a few other chemical industries that are really very promising for us. But the short answer to your question; we are at a low level, but we are not deteriorating further and that’s what our guidance indicates.
Jon Marten: I think that certainly some part of that is attributable to that. It’s really hard for me to tell you what part of it, but that is certainly a material portion of the answer and again, we are looking at it as a reset and we are looking at our customers reacting to their ultimate demand levels and many of our customers are multinationals too as you will know.
Jon Marten: All of these deals that we announced in Q4 last year and in Q1 this year have been accretive, accretive to the bottom line and are performing very well for us. We are very excited about the prospects and of course we’ve got integration cost and things, but even given that these deals have been accretive.
Jon Marten: No, we just don’t get to that level of detail and we normally don’t go deal by deal and explain exactly what the performance has been by quarter, but in general, we wanted to make sure that we explain to you and anybody else in the call that deals have been accretive for us and we are happy with the results that we are seeing.
