Jon P. Marten: Thank you, Abigail, and good morning to everyone, and welcome to Parker-Hannifin's second quarter FY 2016 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams; and President and Chief Operating Officer, Lee Banks. Today's presentation slides together with the audio webcast replay will be accessible on the company's Investor Information website at phstock.com for one year following today's call. On slide number two, you'll find the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements as well as non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations for any reference to non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's press release and are posted on Parker's website at phstock.com. On slide number three for the agenda, to begin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams, will provide highlights for the second quarter of fiscal year 2016. Following Tom's comments, I will provide a review of the company's second quarter FY 2016 performance together with the revised guidance for FY 2016. Tom will provide a few summary comments, and then we'll open the call for a Q&A session. At this time, I'll turn it over to Tom and ask that you refer to slide number four.
Jon P. Marten: This is Jon. I think, James, the pattern is consistent with what we saw during Q2. I think what we're seeing in January is consistent with what we're seeing in guidance. January is, of course – the first two weeks of January are a little bit – very difficult to judge, but I think from what we can tell so far that we're consistent with the guidance that we've got together for Q3. So, nothing really remarkable to give you an answer on there.
Jon P. Marten: Well, it would be, in general, we have good visibility for the OE, and the question is always in the aftermarket. What is included in our guidance is 65% OE, 35% aftermarket. That's what we've been running consistently for the last several quarters. There's a little bit of variation periodically, but that's what we're projecting here for the balance of the year.
Jon P. Marten: Well, first of all, the effective tax rate for the three months in Q2 was 20.3% and that's related to the passage of the extenders. Going forward into Q3, our run rate going forward is 28%, although it's just slightly higher in our Q3 that we've built in here due to a couple of items that we will account for it in the quarter, Eli.
Jon P. Marten: Yeah. We are not – we are down – are down in the top line versus our old guidance in Q3 and we're also down commensurately at the operating income. But I've got, like I said, a slightly higher rate in Q3 due to some discrete items that we're accounting for in our tax rate there.
Jon P. Marten: Yeah. I mean, I think at the SG&A level for the quarter as Tom said, we've got some positive variance in the corporate G&A of about $18 million versus the prior guide. And that's due to the simplification efforts and a couple one-time adjustments that won't repeat. We've also got as compared to the prior guide, a small settlement of about $4 million for a contractual issue that we had in the other expense. That's about $4 million and that accounts for about $0.02. And, of course, Eli talked about the tax rate. And we had guided to a higher tax rate and again we did not know that the extenders was going to pass; and so of course, that turned out to be good news for us and that gave us $0.15 versus the prior guide. And then at the operating income level, even with the reduced – projected reduced revenues, we were able to get approximately $15 million in additional operating income versus the prior guide on a slight beat in revenues.
Jon P. Marten: Yeah. Well, that is built into our guidance going forward and we feel very good about our cost structure and with the simplification efforts and our restructuring efforts are bringing for us and built into our guidance is additional savings that we're going to get from the restructuring efforts that we've been going through here in the first half of this year and at the end of last year.
Jon P. Marten: Andy, we really are not. What we've embedded in there is the continuation of the 35% MRO, 65% OEM at around the same relative profitability that we see right now. These last couple of years we've seen these one-time settlements get agreed to. And they have impacted the number so I understand completely your question. But that's not something that we would project in our guidance going forward here and so I don't really have any context for you on that point.
Jon P. Marten: Jon, here, Joe. We are very much focused on cash flow every single day here in the company here and watching as the top lines moves, what's going on there. All of our operating metrics are very good, nothing is deteriorating. We remain focused on the simplification efforts and our company is doing everything we can from a lean standpoint to improve every single process that we've got throughout the company. And we're seeing it in the cash flow statement. So, we're very proud of that.
Jon P. Marten: Well, Andrew, you know we are constantly trying to make sure that we're producing the right parts at the right locations and the right plants. And so we are not, from a transactional standpoint, getting hurt as bad as we would have been say this time last year in terms of the margins. So that is one piece of progress that we've been making, it is not – that's one of about 10 or 15 things that are going our way that are helping us with our margins and our decrementals. So, we don't see that getting bad. We're adjusting. It was this time last year where the euro and the Swiss franc decoupled and also when the dollar was really getting stronger. And so, we have adjusted to that where we stand right now today and that's what's built into our guidance going forward.
Jon P. Marten: Abigail, if I could ask you please, if we could just have one more question, I see we're getting ready to run out of time here. So, thank you.
Jon P. Marten: We're structurally going to be down slightly from our past run rate, but it was more of a couple one-time things in the corporate G&A. We're focused on about between $45 million to $48 million going forward here in the corporate G&A going forward as compared to in the mid-$50 million in Q1 and in prior years. So, this has some structural benefits from the simplification, but it would be wrong for me to not mention that there were some one-time items in Q2 for our G&A expense.
Jon P. Marten: Yes, this concludes our call. Thank everybody for joining us today. Robin is going to be available throughout the day to take your calls should you have any further questions. Thanks again and have a good day.
Thomas L. Williams: Yeah. Let me start, Nicole. This is Tom. And I'll let Jon add on. What we did for the second half is basically we took the order entry that we saw that Lee described all the regions of the markets in the second quarter, which really, Aerospace orders got better, less negative, and Industrial North America got worse by three points and International got worse by two points. So, we took that order entry and basically translated that into the second half on an organic growth standpoint. So, our second-half organic growth from our previous guide used to be minus 5% and now it's minus 7.5%. So, we dropped it 2.5 points organically and then we have the second half coming at a minus 15% decremental MROS and that's how you get the second half EPS numbers.
Thomas L. Williams: Ann, it's Tom. I think our assumption is there's really no meaningful recovery in the second half and what you see if you do the comparables it's just really easier comparables for us in the second half.
Thomas L. Williams: Okay, Jamie. This is Tom. So, I'll start with the material costs side. I would say compared to our previous guidance, we're seeing a consistent gap between pricing and the material side, that our ability to maintain the decrementals is driven by the simplification and the restructuring actions. And remember that the bulk of our savings is in the second half, so that is going to help carry us. And we feel good about this fiscal year, I'm not going to go beyond this fiscal year in trying to tell you what the margin return on sales are going to be. But for this fiscal year, we feel very good about sustainability. We've done it three quarters in a row, and I think for everybody on the phone to help remind everybody, the way we achieved that is it was prior year restructuring that we did; all of the teams moved out very rapidly to get on top of the market adjustment. Then we launched the simplification plan which really was more strategic restructuring, in addition to the footprint restructuring we were doing that enabled us to keep these very nice basically half of what we historically have done. And as a bit of a history lesson, if you go back to the 2001 reduction – we were – the recession, it was a minus 60% MROS. The great recession was around minus 40% and here we are in that minus 15% to minus 20% range on an adjusted basis and low-20%s even reported all in. So, I think it's sustainable and that's what we have in the plan for the next two quarters. On the balance sheet, the acquisitions – the pipeline is active, but valuations are still high and I think what you're seeing is a delay in the reality from seller's expectations to buyers like us as far as setting a new revenue target as far as what they think for the business. That's the key valuation difference. I think everybody knows we're disciplined buyers and we buy things that are in our space, so we understand what the growth rates are. And I think the time is on our side with that. I think as time goes on and people see the new reality that they – it's maybe not going to grow what they thought it was the previous decade, but those valuations will come in more line and I think our pipeline will become more actionable at that point. So, it's lumpy, it's hard for us to predict output, but we're still working on it.
Thomas L. Williams: Well, I think that is possible. I don't want to get above my skis for 2017. We'll talk about that in August. But, yes, I mean, what we've seen with sustainability for simplification so far is that the payback is more rapid and has a better payback than traditional restructuring. The good thing about it, and just to remind people, there is four areas we're looking at: revenue profile complexity so that's that tail of the revenue; we're looking at the bottom tail, that density of part numbers and (44:25) activity, just the cost to sustain that. We're very early days of getting into that. I mean that's a little more difficult for us to work but very early days of that. And then the whole organization and process optimization is the second part. We still see lots of opportunities on that, so that's more strategic restructuring geared at the overhead structure of the company. The division consolidations was the third leg of it, so we're at 28 divisions so far that we're working on. We'll do more. I don't think you'll see another 28 in the next fiscal year, but you'll see us continue to work that. And then just good old-fashioned bureaucracy. We're looking at our planning process, approvals, reports, you name it. All the things that just slows things down, and that obviously carries cost and creates better service opportunities for our customers. So early days, and I feel very good about where – what this could mean for us. And I think most everybody has seen the walk on taking us to 17% operating margins, simplification is the biggest bar on the walk. So, we clearly think there's more there.
Thomas L. Williams: Yeah, Joe. It's Tom. So, our restructuring year-to-date is right on the money. So, we've forecasted 60% of the $100 million and we're at $57 million. So, we're very, very close to that number. And our savings are tracking and so I am very confident we're going to deliver both the cost that we had planned, the $100 million of cost and deliver the savings. And the savings is indicative of that is the marginal return on sales. We could not be delivering these kind of returns without the actions that we've taken, simplification being one of them that's helping us.
Thomas L. Williams: Nathan, it's Tom. I'll chime in. What we saw in distribution in Q2 was primarily North America took a step down, but outside of North America it held up pretty well, Europe, Asia held up pretty nicely. So, the step down in North America really was indicative of the same step down we saw OEMs, which was the natural resource markets, a little bit of a knock-on into the general industrial space that knocked both distribution and the OEMs down. But, in general, OEMs have been down about two times what distribution has been down if you were to characterize the difference.
Thomas L. Williams: Yeah, Nathan, this is Tom. Good question. I'm sure this is on top of everybody's mind. So, we feel very good about what we've done so far. We're 87% of the way through to the low end of the $2 billion to $3 billion range. And maybe if I could just give a little color to the process that we – so every quarter, we sit down and it's really a cash allocation discussion. We look at cash generation capabilities, you know what do we think we're going to generate at closed-loop model taking a look at that. Where is the cash generated? What access do we have to the cash? And also with our goal that we'd like to maintain an A-rating as we go through this for a lot of good reasons. But on the deployment side, we look at the best opportunities to yield the best long-term value for our shareholders comparing – recognizing, hey, we're going to do the dividends first. We're not going to move off of that, we're going to fund organic growth, but then we're going to look at the balance of share repurchase versus acquisitions to try to make that best decision. So, it's hard for me to give you a specific number that will land on the share repurchase, because it's really an opportunistic look weighing those various tugs and pulls every quarter as we go through that closed-loop model.
Thomas L. Williams: Okay, Nathan, this is Tom again. So, I'm going to start on e-Business and I'm going to be a little bit coy with you here, because I'm not going to give you the kind of color that I might normally would, because I would be giving competitively sensitive information to our competitors in trying to help them be successful. Let me just suffice it to say that what we want on the e-Business side is we want a Google like experience for our customers and for our distributors when they come to that website. And we've launched a number of things that we think will get us there, it's not going to happen overnight. We've made progress we think over the last couple of years and as we talked to our customers and distributors they see that, but we clearly recognize we're not there. So, we see this as a potential additional growth channel, leveraging the great distribution channel that we have already. And just remembering that about 60% of the relationship between a customer and a supplier nowadays happens via that website and happens before they even talk to you. So, that's why we want this to be so important, we're investing in it, we made some organizational design changes to add some resources and add leadership to that. That was the change we made in August last year. On the Internet of Things, that Connectathon, in case people are not familiar with what that is, it's basically an ideation process, where you gather ideas from around the company. And that coupled with the fact that we made that equity investment in Exosite, which gives us a software backbone to help all of the applications throughout the company, has really given us a program for ideas. So, we've taken that ideation process to Connectathon. We have narrowed it down to about 10 of what we think are the best most commercial actionable projects. And we think that has got multimillion-dollar type of look – tens of millions of dollars of revenue over the next three years. Most of that's not going to cut into probably towards the end of FY 2017 and FY 2018, it's probably going to take a year-and-a-half incubation here. We do have two good examples, and Lee highlighted one of them that the smart service kit, which is helping us in the refrigeration primarily the air-conditioning market, so if you take an air-conditioning contractor today, they have a lot of mechanical tools they have to utilize to measure pressure, humidity, temperatures and so this is a patented sensor that we have. It allows you to diagnose and troubleshoot the conditions of that air-conditioning unit much more rapid, so the value for the contractors as many more calls happens during the call, they can get a print out right on their smartphone or visual on their smartphones and print it out if they want it for the customer, so they can see what's going on with their unit. So, we launched that. We've been very pleased with the initial sales. And that's a really good example of taking a traditional market and using Internet of Things to make it even better. It makes our expansion valves and things we go in – our check valves very sticky, but then our contractors absolutely love the new toolkit. I think if you go to our website you can probably find a video of one of our contractors, a testimonial talking about it as well.
Thomas L. Williams: Yeah, Andrew, it's Tom again. Same comments that I mentioned earlier about acquisitions that the valuations right now are still a little bit high. I think it's a little bit of a delayed effect as the seller's expectations on revenue hasn't come down to earth yet. But, time is on our side. They will come down and we continue those discussions. And what we've seen over time is eventually we come to the terms with better revenue forecast. We haven't taken action on some deals in the past mainly because of the difference in pricing and that pricing difference is primarily geared by differences in what we thought the revenue expectation was going to be for that business.
Thomas L. Williams: Joel, just to – it's Tom. To clarify, the number of divisions that we have operating divisions is 115. So, the 28 is in the 115. So, both Lee and I, the message we've left with the group presidents is we're looking for natural combinations that helps us just be more efficient, give us the scale that we need to better grow synergies and better cost synergies. We have some divisions that I think if we looked at it in hindsight had too much technology or product charter overlap, and it made more sense to put them together. So, it's not going to be one division. We still believe in a decentralized model. We still believe in driving that P&L ownership closest to our team members. But, I think you'll continue to see us do more in 2017 not at the rate that you saw us do in 2016.
Thomas L. Williams: Yeah, that's what I was referring to that revenue profile – again, it's Tom, that revenue profile complexity. That is where we're very, very early days. And I think that's where the real juice and the tank here is. And that will help us in multi-years going forward.
Lee C. Banks: Eli, this is Lee. I think the drop is all volume-related. Pricing has been flat. We forecasted it to be flat going forward.
Lee C. Banks: Andy, it's Lee. I would say it just stayed about the same. I mean at the end of the day it's really hard for us to get a gauge on that. But it certainly didn't get worse.
Lee C. Banks: Ann, in all candor, I don't have my 3-12 and 12-12s in front of me. I can bring those back in the future. But, I would say the comps are going to start getting easier in some of those numbers, so it's just a matter of time. I mean obviously oil and gas, just from memory it is still decelerating. But, I would just be winging it here if I tried to give you any more context than that.
Lee C. Banks: They are the same, quite frankly. Our distribution is involved with MRO but also with some projects, and handling it's very, very much the same. It's the same conversation.
Lee C. Banks: I think there's been a – I'm not going to be that specific. But, what I've noticed is, there's been a lot of retooling activity with a lot of plants and some of that we're being told is going to start to slow down.
