Pam Huggins: Good morning everyone. It’s Pam Huggins speaking. I hope we can get through this call today. We just had a power outage here, a general power outage not Parker specifically so we’re hoping that we make it through the call. I would like to welcome you to Parker Hannifin’s second quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Don Washkewicz and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Tim Pistell. As usual, I need to address a couple of administrative matters prior to beginning with the actual earnings release. First, for those of you online you may follow today’s presentation with the power point slides that have been presented and for those of you not online, the slides will be posted on the IR portion of Parker’s web site at ph.com. Second, as customary, I’d like to call your attention to Slide 2 which is the safe harbor disclosure on forward-looking statements and ask that if you haven’t already done so, please take note of this statement in its entirety. Third, moving to Slide 3, this slide is required and indicates in cases where non-GAAP numbers have been used, they have been reconciled to the appropriate GAAP numbers. Moving to the agenda on Slide 4, the call will be in four parts today. First, Don Washkewicz, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer will provide highlights on the quarter. Second, I’ll provide an overview including key performance measures of the second quarter, concluding with the revised outlook for fiscal year 2010.  The third part of the call will consist of our standard Q&A session and for the fourth part of the call today, Don will close with some final comments. At this time I will turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to Slide 5 titled Second Quarter Fiscal Year 10 highlights.
Pam Huggins: I just want to add on about this mobile thing a little bit because I really get down and dig into these numbers from an orders perspective and look at them. In mobile in fact, if you just look at the second quarter sequentially to the first quarter, actually mobile increased more than the industrial. But that hasn’t been the case up until this last quarter, and when we talk about mobile, we’re talking about a lot of different markets. We talk about cars and light trucks. We talk about heavy trucks, ag, there’s a lot of things that we include in that mobile number.  So it’s not to paint a dire picture here because if you just look at the percentage improvement, it’s actually more than industrial. But that hasn’t been the case up until this last quarter.
Pam Huggins: No, actually we did not have a gain this quarter. It went the opposite way, a little over $1 million.
Pam Huggins: You have to remember we had $80 million of carry forward from the prior year, and so it’s also dependent on the break down on that, how that plays out from quarter to quarter.
Pam Huggins: I don’t think we see it getting worse. Just as a reminder, we’re pretty much consistent with the guidance we gave last quarter. They met the guidance that we really put out last quarter for them and the guidance remains consistent, so I don’t think things are really getting worse. I think we had projected that the commercial aftermarket side of things would be down, but we said that there would be some offset in the second half due to retrofits. So the story is the same. It’s pretty much the same. We think that commercial market will be down. It will continue to be down in the 4% to 5% range once you factor in the retrofit which is offsetting some of the commercial aftermarket.
Pam Huggins: We have a little better military MRO than what we expected. Now you know military though is very lumpy and tends to even itself out over a longer period of time, and very hard to project as well. So we’re being consistent with what we said last quarter.
Pam Huggins: Corporate expenses would be below on a segment basis. Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: So it really is just the average of the segments.
Pam Huggins: That’s right.Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Because as you know you don’t report an operating income number on the income statement per se, so there’s a little bit of disagreement on what we’re. So the relevant question for me with corporate expenses running around or unallocated expenses by our calculation running around 3% of sales, is there some possibility of cutting into that number as well as a means to improve? I don’t know what all is in there besides good will and amortization.
Pam Huggins: I think just year to date it was about $24 million. For the year it will be about $50 million. And so next year, as you look out, that can swing pretty heavily as interest rates go up and as the market comes back, so that could have an impact. If you look last year, that was only about $58 million for the year. So that’s one of the things that unfortunately can swing on us.
Pam Huggins: The big opportunity is right where Don is talking about. You can talk about these below the line numbers but really the opportunity is at the operation. So at this time, we’re going to turn it over to Don for just a few closing comments.
Donald Washkewicz: Thank you Pam and welcome to everyone on the call. I want to start with just a few highlights for the quarter. First, our results in the second quarter demonstrates that the actions taken over the past year to restructure our operations in response to the severe recession are certainly paying off. While our comparisons to the prior year are still negative, comparing our performance to the first quarter of this fiscal year shows significant improvements across many measures. In particular, our margin performance this quarter and our cash flows are very strong. On the demand side, we’re beginning to see signs that we believe to be a recovering end market demand. We are monitoring orders across all of our markets and are proceeding cautiously. Early indications are that the early signs of a recovery are coming from multiple regions and a range of markets, and I’ll give you a little bit of a color on that a little bit later in the call. These are certainly good indications for future growth. Our near term objectives remain the same as they have been during calendar year 2009. We want to continue to manage for cash as we have been, maintain a strong balance sheet. We want to target a 30% MROS or incremental on the upside or downside of 10% operating margin. And then of course, we want to prepare for future growth. I am pleased to report that we are exceeding our objectives. We’ve generated $346 million in operating cash flow in the quarter or 14.7% of sales. For the first six months we are 13.2%. Both of these are well above our 10% target. For the past 12 months, we have been able to reduce inventory by $336 million. Our intention is to continue to maintain a strong balance sheet. In the past year we have reduced outstanding debt levels by $1 billion. That brings our commercial paper down to above zero right now, and our debt to equity ratio below 30% at the end of the second quarter. These actions are helping us maintain of course our strong credit ratings and balance sheet. I’m also pleased that we were able to generate segment operating margins of 10.4%, exceeding our full year goal of 10% and equaling our margin performance in the same quarter a year ago. Our debt to margin return on sales, MROS in the quarter was an impressive 10.6% which far exceeded our target of 30%, and that’s on the down side of course. Parker employees throughout the world have responded remarkably to this downturn and importantly have positioned us very well to benefit fully from the recovery as it develops. In our markets we continue to see somewhat of a mixed picture, but generally we are witnessing improving trends.  Although order comparisons are easing, we are encouraged that order trends have improved sequentially for the past two consecutive quarters, indicating that the worst is behind us. Regardless, our focus will continue to be managing for cash and maintaining strong margin performance for the foreseeable future, and this will put us in the best possible position to benefit from the recovery. Reflecting the benefits of restructuring actions and improving market conditions, we are increasing our guidance for fiscal 2010 to the range of $2.40 to $2.80 per diluted share. Our previous range was $1.55 to $2.05 and that’s a mid point of about $1.80. This represents a 44% increase on that midpoint. I might also draw your attention to the fact that when we started this fiscal year, we started at a guidance of $1.50 at mid point and our current guidance now represents a 73% increase from that starting point. So with that, I’ll turn it back over to Pam.
Donald Washkewicz: I would say don’t factor in much in the way of any benefits from pricing as far as the earnings are concerned. What we’re trying to do is try to maintain parity there. We’re trying to make sure that whatever cost increase that we incur, that we’re promptly passing those on. We’ve had some minor increases of late into the market that reflects some raw material increases. I’ll just give you a little color on raw material because you might find this interesting. Copper for instance is at a 16 month high. Aluminum is at a 14 month high. Zinc is at a 24 month high, so for zinc castings and things like that. Steel is going up. So we’re out there with increased today to basically cover cost increases but not to expand margin per se. So I think you’re going to see those becoming pretty neutral. We hope to cover all the costs but I don’t think it’s going to benefit the margin at all.
Donald Washkewicz: There’s some specific business that is going on out there that we’ve picked up and some of the specific customers, but broad based, no. We don’t see a broad based major recovery on that side yet. I think we’re a little ways off yet. I think it will come, but we’re not seeing a major improvement at this time. But there are some customers that have captured certain business that we’ve enjoyed or will enjoy going forward and that’s been a positive. But again, not across the board.
Donald Washkewicz: For our own inventory?Andrew Casey – Wells Fargo Securities: No, the inventory restocking in the industry.
Donald Washkewicz: Pretty much the same. We’re starting to see some, so it’s not like we’re not getting anything, but we’re not getting the big surge. Historically we’ve talked about this before, historically coming out of one of these things, those guys would be in pretty strong and ordering heavily, and we’re not seeing that. We are seeing increases.
Donald Washkewicz: What we’ve done now is we’ve basically eliminated the reduced work weeks for some of the corporation, the administrative part of the corporation, and the rest are either still on a 10% reduction depending on the activity in their business. Some have gone down to a 5% reduction and some are on even more than that because their business is still real soft. So it’s really a mixed bag right now. We have eliminated for some of the organization, some portion of the organization, but some of the operating units that are really still down, have decided, and we let them do this one on one, have decided to maintain reduced work week schedule.
Donald Washkewicz: I can’t give you that number, but it’s again nominal. It’s simple math. If it’s international and we’re making 10%, if I pick $100 million up in sales, I’m probably going to pick up $100 million in operating margin, attached to the fact that it’s going to be $6.5 million and then whatever EPS that is. That doesn’t work all the time. It’s just a rough approximation. So it could be a couple penny plus per quarter but not much. Of course that’s all contingent upon all the rates staying where they are today.
Donald Washkewicz: What we’ve been doing here of late of course is all of that excess cash has gone to pay down that $1 billion in commercial paper and paid for the acquisitions we did at the first half of last fiscal year. So we’ve got that house in order pretty well there.  What we plan to do is maintain our dividend record. We’ve talked about that before. We have 53 years now. We’re going for 54 not just paying dividends but increasing every year for 54 years. And that’s going to continue so that’s the next priority in line. And then the third one is exactly what you’re talking about. We want to finance growth. Some of this is coming in the direction you’re already seeing in Aerospace. We’ve gone from a non-recurring engineering type investments of $100 million to now $175 million a year covering a lot of the new programs we’ve got going. So we’re investing in new growth in that regard. We’re investing in growth in other areas with respect to new product development and activity. Right now we’re basically reconnecting with opportunities or potential opportunities out there with respect to acquisitions. So as we see our leverage drop to where it’s dropping to, we’re certainly going to use that balance sheet to help growth the business.
Donald Washkewicz: I think what you’re going to see is we’re going to ramp up to about the level that we were at at a run rate prior to that which is going to be on a compound, not any particular year, but over a five year stretch, we’re going to average about 10% growth, half of that being acquisition. That’s our target and we intend to continue that.
Donald Washkewicz: The one area that will affect that a little bit as you recall, when we weren’t doing much in the way of new engines, we’re always doing engineering, but winning new programs on our Aerospace side of our business, we peaked out at 18%. Now I think that we’re down around 11%. Of course we’re in a soft market condition here. So the other wild card here is how many new programs are we going to take on and how much are we going to have to invest in those new programs. As you know, had we not taken on any new programs here, we would have at least $75 million more earnings flowing through that group than we do today, but again, like I said earlier in the call, we want to invest in the future and that’s what we’re doing regardless of what it does to the margins within a certain relative range.
Donald Washkewicz: We have some business in the second half factors and we have a lot of costs from additional R&D effort that’s factored in there as well.  The last point that I would point out, and it’s good to kind of go over this now and then, is as we get back into an acquisition mode, I’m not trying to downplay how our margins are going to be lower because Tim said it just about perfect that we’re going to try to get to 16% to 17%. But another thing that does impact that is the fact that as you’re bringing acquisitions on, you’re amortizing the intangibles early on that has a negative drag on the margins. But what it does in a very positive way, it throws off a lot of cash, and that’s the reason why we’ve been emphasizing cash flow here, because at the end of the day, the cash is what we’re going to be plowing into these acquisitions. So we might sacrifice a little bit on the operating margin, but you’re going to like the cash side of the equation as you have hopefully this past year. You’ve seen what we’ve been able to do with all that cash that we’ve generated.
Donald Washkewicz: Just a couple of comments on your initial question. We have been at the 15% or better North American in the past. We’ve been at that number or higher. In fact we’re up to 18% on Aerospace in the past. We have been at that number or higher in Asia in the past and Latin American in the past. And as you know, the big drain or drag has been Europe in the past, and that’s what we worked on this last period between 9/11 2001 and today to try to get Europe up to where it needed to be. And frankly, we’ve had a 14% plus change in Europe before the whole collapse here. So we are working. We think we’re going to pick up. Of course we’re not going to fall all the way back down to where we were. We’re going to pick up where we’re at and we’re going to keep driving that up which we can’t get there without Europe. We recognized that in early 2000’s and that’s why we up all the work and effort there.Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: So you’re trying to raise the floor there.
Donald Washkewicz: Exactly. So as we do that, there’s nothing here that I think is not possible. I think it’s very achievable, something that we’re all committed to do. This entire organization, as we talk about it a lot and we make sure that we’re measuring to that, and I think you’re going to see us back there in short order.
Donald Washkewicz: Just a couple of comments for you. First of all I’d like to thank everyone for the nice congratulations. We’re pretty excited about the quarter. we’re excited about the way the year is developing and of course any time we can raise guidance that gets up pretty excited as well. But what’s most important I think is the fact that we see these market segments and the order trends and the regions really starting to come back to life a little bit. Certainly we would love to see it come back stronger, but the good news is that it’s in a positive direction. So we’re encouraged, and we think it’s going to continue. We don’t think this is a short term aberration here. So we’re going to continue to stay focused as a company on maintaining a strong balance sheet. We’ve been committed to that and I think we’ve done a great job. We’re close to 40% debt as you may recall. Our leverage at the beginning of the year, being down below 30% and almost 27% on a net basis is pretty remarkable in this very, very difficult time period. So we’re going to continue to manage for cash and also we’re going to continue to on as we mentioned earlier with the restructuring activities. With respect to dividends, I mentioned this but I’ll just mention it again. Of course we’re coming up on a dividend increase, so we’re going to be reviewing that here shortly within the next quarter. So we’re going to have to come out with something in the way of an increase on dividends. So that’s something we’re very excited about as well, the fact that we were able to make it through this very difficult period and still be able to increase dividends year on year. So I think with some bright spots on our horizon, we’re certainly poised to emerge from this recession stronger than we’ve ever been before. I want to thank everybody for their participation. We certainly appreciate your interest in our company, in Parker, and I’d also like to thank on the call, I know there’s a lot of Parker employees on the call, thank all the employees around the world for their continued commitment to serving our customers. If you have any additional questions, Pam will be around for the balance of the day and so I’ll sign off and just wish you a good day. Have a great day.
Timothy Pistell: Unfortunately once again in Europe, protracted discussions with the Works Council could not get everything done that we wanted to get done in this quarter, so there is going to be about $17 million. Initially we had hoped, we gave you $16 million in expense for the year to generate $60 million in savings, and we thought the cost would be roughly $30 million in the quarters and so forth. So then it does appear as I say that we are now going to shift over from the second quarter into the third quarter about $17 million. The problem with that, along with that shift in the $17 million in cost from Q2 to Q3 is of course, we can’t start realizing the savings from doing that and so some of those savings won’t all be captured in this fiscal year and will be pushed out into next fiscal year. So instead of realizing the full $60 million that we hoped for in this year, we’ll probably only realize about $40 million. Having said all that, we are proceeding. We will get it done. It will be done in this year. The benefits will accrue, and interesting when you take a look at the analysis, I think with the updated projections that we’ve given you here today, it’s quite interesting because you’ll see that on volume, we are projecting our volumes to be down $600 million plus this fiscal year versus the prior fiscal year, about $650 million. And yet we’re giving you a segment operating margin that’s virtually the same. Now on our math, that $650 million would cost us close to $200 million in operating margin and the reason we’re coming in the same is we told you last year that we were going to generate some substantial savings, $120 million in savings from those actions. The additional savings this year is what’s causing that great marginal impact. So a long winded answer but kind of get all the numbers out there.
Timothy Pistell: I think that after what we’ve just lived through here; I think that you’ll find everybody through the whole channel being extremely cautious. Some people were caught with a fair amount of inventory. And we’re a long way to go to get back to where we were, so I think that as Don said, what we’re seeing is pretty much hand them out if you will. People order what they need and it goes right through their organization right out to whomever it’s needed.
Timothy Pistell: We never try to predict the currency. We’re really kind of; we’re going off where we sit today. So we will not project whether we think it’s going to go up or down. We tried that before and we didn’t get it right. Right now, what we assume is the currencies will stay where they are. That isn’t probably what will happen, but it’s the best we can do. In terms of the improvement, you’re right. We are clearly surveying everybody throughout our organization. Everyone is projecting these modest steady increases to continue, but in point of fact of course, we do not have the orders in hand. So as Pam has given you, we do have the orders have picked up and we’re expecting as I said, those trends. But if we only carry six to eight weeks of back log in the industrial side, so who’s to tell? We will have to see. Asia and Latin America without a doubt are doing quite well. We’re seeing it here and there in the U.S., not universally. Europe is a bit problematic, but starting to happen here or there. So we’re giving you our best trajectory. Now, we do pick up work days as well. In fairness we have to declare that we pick up, we always pick up a few extra work days in the second half over the first half, so that helps somewhat.
Timothy Pistell: Basically in our outlook going forward that’s basically what could be there. Now it could be more, it could be less. But that’s about what we would assume; the same effect in the quarter that we just had.
Timothy Pistell: That clearly helped. There’s no question about it. That clearly helped on the top line. As you know it had a very nominal impact on the bottom line. There is impact plus or minus, but clearly that did help on the top.
Timothy Pistell: Right. And again, there was a gain there. There would be a slight gain on the operating margin level but of course it would be fairly nominal at that level.
Timothy Pistell: We let other people try to figure out. I don’t know how anyone figures out market share month to month or quarter to quarter in the channel. You can only figure that out over much longer times. I think it’s really more reflective of what’s going on in the markets. I think that’s the good news. It is reflective of what’s happening in the markets.
Timothy Pistell: It is equipment companies with machines, but it’s also a lot of other people who don’t build machines. This could be going into Life Sciences, etc. But those would be the end customers. We have what we call customers and we have distributors.Alex Blanton – Ingalis & Snyder: But let’s suppose that you’re selling something in the construction equipment. You’re talking about the construction equipment companies. You’re not talking about the construction markets out there or the things that drive those things.
Timothy Pistell: Our end customers are the construction people. In that case too, especially with most of the larger construction people they control their aftermarkets as well. So they get both the OE sales and the aftermarket.Alex Blanton – Ingalis & Snyder:  So if Caterpillar reduced its components that it buys from you last year, the stuff it has in inventory, and reduced their order rate because they reduced inventory, they could be ordering twice as much right now from you even though their markets haven’t improved at all.
Timothy Pistell: That is correct.Alex Blanton – Ingalis & Snyder:  So when you say the end markets are improving, you’re really not talking about the ultimate end market. It’s you’re direct end market.
Timothy Pistell: That might be true but you assume that just putting inventory on the shelf, what we said earlier is that no one’s putting inventory on their shelf.Alex Blanton – Ingalis & Snyder: But they reduced it last year so now just to get enough components to maintain production, never mind replenishing inventory, just to maintain production, they have to increase their orders to you.
Timothy Pistell: First of all, 29% in International is outstanding. Remember our guideline here is 30%.Alex Blanton – Ingalis & Snyder: I’m not saying it isn’t, but I’m saying your North America was even more outstanding and there’s a big difference between them.
Timothy Pistell: It’s a very good question and it gets right at the crux of what I was talking about earlier, and that is that in North America we were able to mobilize and execute our restructuring and get that behind us and done and realize the savings. All of the restructuring in North America is done, as in Asia, Latin America and we’re seeing those come through. There has been a tremendous lag in getting that restructuring done so the costs have hit, haven’t hit, are going to continue. And the savings aren’t all coming through. The wonderful news is they have done a lot. I don’t want to take anything away from them. They have done a lot and there are already less than 30% and we’re going to push on we’ll make that even better.
Timothy Pistell: In terms of the price costs we talk about this every business unit. Every manager has their sales price index. They have their purchase price index, and they are charged with the responsibility of keeping that at least neutral or get ahead of it. And again, we don’t get down into the minutia on that, but they do that. I think we do separate these down, but again I do think we’re looking for a lot of these. Improvements have been made through this horrible period to in fact sustain. We want to raise the ceiling out here so we can raise the floor, and that’s how you do it. But without getting more specific, we do track all that. But we do try to push it down to the business unit level. Give them key metrics, and let them run their business.
Timothy Pistell: CapEx outlook has really not changed. People have been extremely cautious and conservative there and so the outlook really hasn’t changed. We don’t expect people to be cranking anything up right now.
Timothy Pistell: I talked about this just recently to a group of folks in New York. We want to average 15%. The only way we can do that is clearly we’ve got to get these margins to 16% or 17% when times are good and then not let them get below double digit when times are poor. So I think we definitely have raised that and we’ve got to continue to do that so you’re absolutely right. We can’t get to 15% and be happy and complacent. We need to push on and try to get these to 16% to 17% to do this thing. I think it’s what we’ve been working a long, long time to achieve and I think we’re on the cusp of doing that.
Timothy Pistell: And the savings that we won’t get this year that will push into next, FISCAL YEAR ’11.Ann Duignan – J. P. Morgan: You’re going to push savings to fiscal ’11 I understand that, but you’ll not have the $17 million spent.
Timothy Pistell: The other thing is people are starting to fly again. Not like they used to, but people are starting to fly again. We took our furloughs back and we expect everybody, we’ve got those work days back and people are out there working again and travelling a little bit. So there’s a little help coming there.
Timothy Pistell: We really think that most of what we’ve done is sustainable. I think again, the one thing we’ve talked about, there was a certain amount of International, a certain amount of restructuring didn’t get done.Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: But those are all small.
Timothy Pistell: Right. Those are all relatively small. We think it’s sustainable, but on the other hand we think it was pretty darn good in performance, a pretty stellar performance. So to project a huge upside from there, we already have a very strong MROS. We talked about the kind of MROS we’re going to have in the second half. We’ve done a tremendous job in this first half on the down side on the detrimental. We are going to be in the positive numbers in Q3 and Q4 and I think we had originally given you like plus 45%. We’re much higher than that right now.Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: The Industrial North American number is 69%.
