Pamela J. Huggins: Thanks, Crystal. Good morning, everyone. It's Pam speaking, just as Crystal's mentioned. I'd like to welcome you to Parker Hannifin's fiscal year 2014 and fourth quarter earnings release teleconference. Of course, joining me today is Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Don Washkewicz; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Marten. For those of you who wish to do so, you can follow today's presentation with the PowerPoint slides that are presented on Parker's website at www.phstock.com. For those of you not online, the slides will remain posted on the company's investor information website at www.phstock.com as well, and they'll be on there 1 year after today's call. At this time, reference Slide #2 in the slide deck, which is the Safe Harbor Disclosure Statement addressing forward-looking statements. And again, please take note of this statement in its entirety if you haven't already done so. This slide also indicates, as required, that in cases where non-GAAP members have been used, they have been reconciled to the appropriate GAAP numbers, and they are also posted on Parker's website. Slide #3. We have the agenda here today. It consists of 4 parts. First, Don Washkewicz, Chairman, CEO and President will provide highlights for the quarter and the year. Second, I'll provide a review, including key performance measures, again, for the year, as well as the fourth quarter, concluding with the guidance for fiscal year 2015. The third part of the call will be our standard Q&A session. And for the fourth part of the call, Don will close with some final comments. So at this time, I'll turn it over to Don and ask that you reference Slide #4 titled Highlights, Fiscal Year 2014.
Pamela J. Huggins: Yes. One of the things I want to mention as well, Andy. We had a pickup in pension expense last year of about $0.17, and that doesn't repeat this year. Every -- that doesn't repeat this year as well. So that is affecting the first quarter, as well as all of the quarters. So I just wanted to mention that. And then as far as corporate. We have always said that corporate runs about 1.5% of sales. Now last year, it did run a little less than that. And this year, it's running about at the 1.5% of sales. But again, it gets back to what I said earlier. We have some incentive programs that are based on the performance of the market. And the market performed very well last year, and it's not expected to perform at that same level. We haven't built that in. So that's really the difference that you're seeing there.
Pamela J. Huggins: Yes. We gave adjusted guidance that excludes restructuring. And we're asking that you put your estimates out there under the same...
Donald E. Washkewicz: Thank you, Pam, and good morning to everyone on the call. It's great that you were able to take the time to join our call today as we close out our 2014 fiscal year and update you on our progress. This was a transitional year for Parker, and there was a lot of noise in the numbers, as you've seen, and we'll get into that a lot more in the Q&A. However, the significance of this year was that we were able to complete the largest series of restructuring efforts in our history and still deliver strong operating performance that we projected going into the fiscal year. This positions us extremely well heading into fiscal 2015, and sets us up for a continued excellent performance beyond that, and I'm talking about especially into 2016, considering the additional restructuring that we're undertaking. I'm very pleased with where we stand today. Talk a little bit about 2014, the entire year. We witnessed slow economic conditions early in the year but saw improvement as the year progressed. We were able to deliver record sales in this slow growth environment. We also experienced increased year-over-year growth in orders for every quarter in fiscal year 2014. Our total segment operating margin was strong at 13.5%, or 14.3% adjusted for restructuring, and that was led by North American margins of 16.7% on an adjusted basis, and we're certainly very pleased with that performance. Earnings per share for the year increased 10%. The adjustments in this year's earnings included charges related to asset write-downs, a gain associated with our joint venture with General Electric Aviation, and our restructuring activities, all of which that we discussed in prior quarters. Our restructuring activities required a significant amount of management attention, and our team was able to follow through on our commitments to complete those actions. In total, we incurred $104 million in pretax restructuring expenses, and that translates into about $0.49 per diluted share. Operating cash flow for the year was $1.4 billion, or 10.5% of sales, and I'm really pleased with this. This is the 13th consecutive year we generated greater than 10% operating cash flow. So ever since we launched the win strategy, cash flow has been greater than 10% for every fiscal year thereafter. Our use of cash priorities remains the same, as we've stated in the past. Number one is dividends, that's our first priority; acquisitions would follow that; and then, certainly, share repurchases, in that order. We're increasing the dividend 7 -- or we have increased, I should say, the dividend 7% this year, and that extends our long-standing dividend increase record to 58 consecutive fiscal years. We also repurchased $200 million of our own shares throughout the year, and that's a result of our 10b5-1 program, and that program will continue in fiscal 2015. Just a couple of highlights on the quarter. We'll go in a little bit more detail later, but sales were a quarterly record in the fourth quarter at $3.53 billion. So that was good. Earnings for the quarter were $1.98 per diluted share or $2.06 adjusted for $0.08 per diluted share in restructuring expenses. On top of that, we incurred additional onetime restructuring related costs in the quarter, estimated at $0.10 per diluted share, and we can discuss that further, give you some idea as to what those expenses were in the Q&A session. Segment operating margins were strong at 14.5%, or 15% when adjusted for restructuring and, of course, as you know, 15% has been our target for some time. So we're leaving this fiscal year at a pretty nice level here. Operating cash flow was also a quarterly record at just over $500 million, or 16% of sales. Once again, we're in an excellent position entering in the New Year. Just a comment on the outlook. Looking forward to fiscal 2015, we're anticipating another record year and have initiated guidance for adjusted earnings in the range of $7.25 to $8.05 per diluted share, or $7.65 at the midpoint. Keep in mind that the estimates are adjusted for approximately $0.25 per diluted share in additional restructuring efforts in 2015. Pam will now take you through a little bit more detailed review of the results.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, this is Don, Andrew. The -- first of all, dividends is #1. There's no question about it. It's #1. We've done a lot with dividends over the last number of years. I think over the last 5 years, we were almost up 100%, somewhere in that vicinity. So it's not like we haven't done anything, and we recognize what you're talking about that we were low -- a little bit low. But the other things that have been happening here that, in a positive sense, is that we're generating a hell of a lot more money in this company. And so this is kind of a high-class problem. We're trying to catch up to where our performance has been running. In '14 -- fiscal '14, we increased the dividend of about 7%. Last year, we increased it to 10%. And I stated that, in this coming year, probably January timeframe, we'll be looking for another increase in the dividend. Our payout was -- our old target was 25%. Our new target's 30%. We're going to do that over a period of a couple of years. We're inching our way there. We're at about 27% right now, and we're going to be moving that up to 30%. But it won't happen all at one time. We're planning to do it in a logical fashion, kind of a gradual fashion, get up to 30%. So -- and of course, we want to maintain the 58-year record that we have, so we're going to continue this for the foreseeable future. I don't anticipate this ever stopping. We'll continue to raise dividends onto the future.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, it all depends on what else we have that we're trying to do here, too. I think the other priorities are acquisitions. We have done a lot of acquisitions in the past. We anticipate continuing to want to do acquisitions. So our priority beyond maintaining some reasonable parity with the rest of the pack is to grow the company and put the money into acquisitions and new product development, things like that. So if we don't have good places to put the money, of course, we can always go back to dividends and hit dividends a little bit harder in the future. I don't anticipate that's going to be the case, at least, not in the foreseeable future, but it could be down the road.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes, Ann. This is Don, I guess I can maybe add a little bit to what we've said earlier. I think when you -- and I've been through enough restructurings in my career, so I can tell you pretty much first hand that this is nothing different than what we've seen in the past. We just haven't done one this big in the past. A lot of this has to do with closing facilities, opening facilities in other locations. You got more scrap, you got lower productivity in the new place. You got people that, frankly, are working at a slower pace, knowing that they're going to lose their jobs, so that's production variance in the existing locations, anticipating a move to the new location. So you've got some of that going on. There were some profit-sharing issues that we ran into through negotiations in one of the countries that cost us little bit more. This is a onetime thing. I think the -- and then we have some ongoing challenges from the standpoint that in some of the contracts that we negotiated in a particular region, some of that's hinged on to actual expense. The specific expense will depend on the ability of the employees that were let go, them finding work. So some of that is variable and still yet to be determined, but that happens as well. A couple of other things that -- areas that you got to keep in mind is the overlap. When you're closing on one factory, you're starting up in another factory or moving product lines, you're double staffing. You got to keep the staff in the old facility, while you're moving to the new facility because you got to still serve the customer while you're going through this training period. I'd like to use the example of running a product, say, at 50 feet a minute is normal in the old facility or existing facility. You don't start up at 50 feet a minute in the new facility. You start up at 10 and maybe go to 20, then 30 and 40. So over a period of time, you get up to that efficiency that you're running in the old facility. But in the meantime, you 'regenerating variances. All these variances that I'm talking about are flowing through our P&L. And believe me, they are impossible to capture. John was talking earlier about $0.10. $0.10 is just the top portion of that, that we're trying to grasp but nobody is out there monitoring every nib here as we go through this restructuring. We've got more important things to do. We just know that the number is a lot bigger than that, but we're just letting that flow through the P&Ls. The other things that you might run into as -- and I know we did, cleaning up the old factory. As you prepare -- as you clean it out and you get it ready to sell, you got to clean it up, you got to clean up the surroundings and whatever. That's all expense that flows through the P&L. And then airfreight. I could give you an example, but I won't of airfreight as to where we found some of our airfreight. It was an unfortunate situation that happened with a plane crash. But airfreight is certainly part of the challenge because you've got facilities that are not running at the same speed that they should be. Customers still want their product when they want it. So we put more product into air. All of those additional expenses end up flowing through the P&L. So I know that's a lot, but that's basically what we're facing. We're just not -- we're not able to capture every penny of that, and we're not trying to. We captured $0.10 pretty easily, but there's probably another 2x or 3x that, that flows through the P&L we're not even capturing.
Donald E. Washkewicz: That's correct. It's the inefficiencies of moving operations from the status quo to something else than a status quo. That's exactly right.
Donald E. Washkewicz: It was a tiny one, though, Nathan. But anyway, no. With respect to acquisitions, first of all, I just have to just tell you where we're at on that. We're looking at a lot, okay? There's no question, we're looking at a lot. We are in due diligence on some, okay, right now as we speak, and we expect to get some through. Still, the values are high, so it's a challenge on some of these getting to where you want to get to. For everyone 100 we look at, we maybe get through due diligence at 10. So it's hard to predict just where we're going to end up, but we do have some activity going on as we speak. And we realize that we have plenty of capacity to do these. So this is where we'd like to spend the money. But having said that, as I said in the past, and I will repeat just for everybody on the call that if we don't get these across the finish line, our priority then falls to share repurchase. And I told you last -- I think it was last year that I was going to do that by the end of this year, and this will be this calendar year, which we're closing out here in the next few months. So we would go into the share repurchase mode if I don't get enough of these acquisitions to the finish line.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, in all different stages, I can't -- I cannot predict because every time I think that we're just about there, sometimes things happen, and I just -- it puts the brakes on. So I can just tell you that we are in due diligence on several right now. And so we'll see. I'm cautiously optimistic that we'll get something or some of these through.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, I knew we should have cut that question. Yes. We have a kind of a policy here, which I haven't changed. That is a 65 years age policy as far as retirement from this position. So that will happen this calendar year, this coming calendar 2015. And the exact date has not been finalized with the Board. I think those discussions are happening as we speak. Our intent would be to -- my replacement -- my intention would have my replacement come from inside the company. And I think we have some very good candidates in the company under consideration. So that's what I can tell you right now is that yes, you're correct. 2015 would be the year that I would step down as CEO. The question then going beyond that would be what -- in what capacity, if any, would I continue with the company. And of course, that has to be decided by the board as well. But for sure, the CEO -- President/CEO title would be given up sometime this year.
Donald E. Washkewicz: No. Actually, my birthday doesn't come until next fiscal. So technically, I could stay on beyond this fiscal year. But that's why I just say it's the calendar year. And if you want to, I can tell you what date, if you want to send anything.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes. Just a couple of comments, and then I'll make some additional remarks. But first of all, some things to remember about fiscal '15 that we covered here, just kind of a recap is that, we're going to have another $50 million in restructuring. I look at that as a positive as far as the outlook for the future. And so just keep that in the back of your mind. We'll have record -- we're projecting record operating margins for next fiscal year. We -- if you take the restructuring out, we'll be at a record. If you include it in the numbers, we'll be at -- we'll tie the all-time record for the company. So we're -- the restructuring we did this fiscal year was exactly what we needed to be working on and produced exactly the kind of results that we wanted to produce going forward to build on this foundation that we have. So I'm really excited about where we're at and what it means for fiscal '15. I hope everybody's happy with the 15.6% numbers that we're putting out there as far as operating margins. 3% growth, I think is -- hey, if some of these segments come back, like if Europe comes back, or if Latin America comes back, or if anything comes back, I mean, it can grow from that base. But we feel comfortable with the 3% based on what we see happening out there right now. Of course, we're going to have an opportunity to refresh that with you every quarter going forward. And if we see something strengthening, we can certainly change that top line number. But I -- we feel pretty confident now. As you mentioned, we have a strong balance sheet, and I appreciate the comments about how we're going to utilize the capacity that we have. Is hope that I was clear as to what our intent is. Yes, we do want to move our leverage up back where it used to be or closer to that point, so we will be taking actions this calendar year to do that, one way or the other. And then I think if you -- it's not too much of a stretch. If you look at the restructuring we're planning to do on '15, and you look at the fact that we're already at 15.5%, or 15.6% operating margin, we -- and I'll be the first one to go out and say this. Maybe I'll get hit here by the rest of my team, but 16% by '16 might be in the cards. As long as we maintain some tailwind here, I think you can see we're not -- we're within striking distance of that. And that would be a fantastic accomplishment for the company. Again, I'm not here forecasting '16 for you, I just want to give you an indication of how you might be thinking about long-term forecast for the company. I think we've certainly done so much this last year to position ourselves for a great '15 and beyond that I think you're going to like the answer as we go forward. So I want to just lastly then, just thank everyone on the call for joining us. Of course, like I said, it has been a transitional year, and it was necessary to go through this rightsizing, if you will, of our operations, particularly in Europe. Those changes are never easy, and they're not easy on the team. The management team worked very hard on this, and I'm happy to say that we accomplished what we set out to accomplish and we hit our targets that we wanted to do. I also like to take this opportunity to thank our global team for their diligence and hard work on executing all of our fiscal 2014 plans. Like I said, we're in a much stronger position now to deliver on our goal of 15% segment operating margins and fiscal year '15 and really now, even more so, over the cycle. That's kind of where we're heading here as we move these margins up. We want it that 15% over the cycle. And I think we're well on our way to being able to do that. I want to thank everyone on the call for your continued interest and support of the company, and I want to wish everyone a great day. And then lastly, Pam will be around for the balance of the day if you have any additional questions, she'll be taking calls, along with Todd, throughout the balance of the afternoon. So have a good day. Thank you.
Jon P. Marten: Yes. Andrew, Jon here. Yes, for the international margins in Q4. One of the reasons that we decided to put in to one of the major sub-bullets in the press release that we wanted to make sure that we explained was, for the quarter, we only had $0.08 in restructuring. We had anticipated a little bit more than that. Part of that answer for the difference between those 2 numbers has to do with the FY '15 guidance and the restructuring in FY '15. But to answer your questions directly. If you remember, we have $60 million in restructuring in Q3, and that $60 million in restructuring in Q3, as we are executing on all of those restructurings, and as we are starting to get reorganized, as we are starting to take a look at exactly what is required for us in the future, given the different levels of employment, given the different configurations of our factories, started to have an impact on us in ways that we had not expected fully. And so we had some additional costs that we're not used to seeing. We called out $0.10. I'm sure we can call out more than $0.10. That impacted our international margins. We look at that as a onetime impact to our international margins for Q4 for these restructuring-related costs. And if you can imagine, trying to reconfigure our factories, trying to move product lines, trying to finalize all of the requirements of executing on all of these projects, costs were incurred, and we wanted to make sure that we explained that in a very transparent way.
Jon P. Marten: Well, I think, Joe, in international industrial for next year, by our worksheets that we have here, we are showing that we're going to, first, recoup all the savings that we had from this year, which is, for the entire year, at around $60 million. We'll also get some of the savings that we're incurring in the restructuring that we're doing for FY '15 in the margins for international. Most of the restructuring that we're doing in FY '15 is affecting the international operations or industrial. And then with a very, very modest marginal return on sales for the industrial international at the beginning of the year, and then ramping up as the year goes on, this gets to the, what Pam was talking about, the 41, 59 EPS impact first half, second half. A major driver there is what we're expecting as the year goes on for the international margins for us. So yes, it's a big number, and we all have detailed it out very -- in a great amount of detail. And we know your notation of it, too, here because we are expecting that to really help drive our record results for next year.
Jon P. Marten: Well, number one, Joe, that will be a risk. I mean, we feel like we've got it monitored in there for FY '15. As Don talked about, we don't do this all the time. We're not experts at it. But what we did in FY '14 was the biggest in the history of the company by a factor of more than 5x. And so we're not experts at it, but we do feel like that, as we were putting our estimates together for FY '15, that all of our operating groups around the world were in the midst of those issues. And so we've got that duly geared into our estimates for FY '15 by unit, by region for the year. And then to answer your other question, Joe, we're expecting the $50 million in restructuring for next year, $23 million in pretax savings.
Jon P. Marten: I think that on the top level, Nathan, is our view of the marketplace that we are at all-time record high margins for us in North America. And as we were putting our guidance together for FY '15, we, of course, have our target of 30% marginal return on sales at this stage of the cycle. But we could not get to that level. We're at a little shy of that. As we dig into it a little bit deeper, there are various reasons for that. Most of the reasons have to do with our investments and some of our new technologies, our R&D that we're trying to do, trying to secure our growth for the future, and that is having an impact on the margin and return on sales in North America in our guidance for FY '15.
Jon P. Marten: Well, I can tell you this, that it is broad-based. It is deep. We are focused on it in every single group. It's hard for me to give you a number right now, but that is certainly the lion's share, the vast majority of the difference for the -- our normal 30 versus what you would see right now, which is about, as you said, 18 or 15. So it's the lion's share, Nathan, but I can't get any more granular than that with you here this call today.
Jon P. Marten: Yes. There's several different issues there, Andy. One of them is, again, our restructuring that we'll be doing in Q1. One of them is our investments in the R&D that we're in the midst of in many, many of our North American operations. And then if you -- when you dig into it and you look at Q1 in our guidance versus Q1 last year, there is a significant number that is negative for us in the FY '15 guidance due to our tax rate that we're going to be using, which is 29%, and which assumes our run rate here for FY '15.
Jon P. Marten: Well, Eli, first on the aerospace answer. The major driver there that is impacting us for FY '15 is our inability to generate revenues due to the sequestration, which is now is finally catching up with us. And if you take a look at a couple of major programs, military OEM programs, they are starting to impact us in FY '15. And those 2 major programs is what is really taking our prior run rate in Aerospace at about 8%. In normal times, we'll be around 4% or 5%. We're also seeing the impact in FY '15 of the elimination of sales due to the closure of the joint venture that we did with our engine partner in FY '14. So that's impacting the numbers also as you look at the...
Jon P. Marten: Yes. The major driver there, if you've got the GE JV in your numbers there, the major driver then is the 2 military OEM programs, JSF, C17, which are impacting us. And it is having an impact on us and has what is the major reason for taking down our historical growth rates that we've seen in the past.
Jon P. Marten: Certainly, the C17 is very grim right now. So that will be 1/2 of it. The JSF could come back. But I think the growth rates for aerospace normalized going forward past FY '15 within the 5% to 6% range, not the numbers that you're seeing here for some of the gaps that we're seeing here for FY '15. And Eli, for your question on North America. We felt like that those numbers are in line with what we're seeing with our orders. I know that distributions are up significantly, but when we're doing that guidance, of course, as you know, it includes the OEM and that drives that number down a little bit. And so we felt like that's a number that really fairly represents what's been happening with the orders for North America over time, which is very, very healthy for us.
Jon P. Marten: Well, relatively flat only because of our investment in R&D that we're really focusing in on. And again, Eli, we're at the 16%, 17% ROS range there, and it -- those are record levels for us. We've done that before, but we've not done appreciably higher than that before ever. We want to. We are aspirational, and we expect that, but this is not something that we would put in our full year guidance for FY '15.
Jon P. Marten: I think that -- first, for July. July is supportive of our guidance. I don't want to give you any overly optimistic response or a pessimistic response. It's just kind of supportive of our guidance in July. And I think that's probably the question that you've -- that you're getting to. So we're looking at it very, very carefully. And of course, we're aware of the macro picture, and we understand where the markets are moving and where they're trending is done, laid out in the 3/12. And so we are, right now, comfortable with our guidance.
Jon P. Marten: Yes. I think that -- on that, by region, and I appreciate you pointing out the tough comps because that's clearly an issue for us here for the international. But the -- we are seeing Asia start to very slowly but surely move up. And we are -- I've got a projection out there for a 3 -- almost 3.5% growth for Asia for us all together in FY '15, much less so in Europe and negative in Latin America.
Jon P. Marten: Well, good question, Jamie. No, I'd -- we'd like to ultimately have more efficient balance sheet, for sure. And like I said, it'll be a meaningful -- if we don't get the acquisitions done because it's been, like you said, 1.5 years now. We've been talking about this. We got a couple of tiny ones through, but it's not going to move the needle. So if we don't do something, it'll be a meaningful share repurchase, let me put it that way. And that will be moving in the direction of getting our leverage back up, maybe not as high as it was in the past, but it's certainly up considerably from where we are right now. And then going on into the next year, I would say that, that same trend would continue. If we don't do the acquisitions, we will be prompt and do the share repurchase and/or dividend increases, like I mentioned before, because we do want to raise the dividend over time. But I think we'll be able to do both, especially with the level of margin performance that we're generating here, earnings performance. I think we'll be able to do both.
Jon P. Marten: Well, right now, it's about 60% front-end loaded, yes. But there will be some in the second half, Nicole, so we want to make sure that we say that to you, too.
