Todd Leombruno: Thank you, Jonathan and good morning everyone. Welcome to Parker's fiscal year 2022 Q2 earnings release. As Jonathan said, this is Todd Leombruno, Chief Financial Officer speaking. Tom Williams, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Lee Banks, our Vice Chairman and President, are both with me here today for the webcast. I'd like to direct you to slide number two, which details our disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's materials. Those materials, those reconciliations, along with this presentation, are accessible under the Investors section at parker.com and will be available for one year. As usual, today, Tom is going to begin with highlights of the quarter and a few comments on the company's transformation. I'll follow-up with a brief financial summary and review the increase to our full year guidance that we announced this morning. Tom is going to handle closing comments, and then we'll open up the lines for your questions. Two comments before we begin today. First, as a reminder, regarding the pending Meggitt acquisition, we are still bound by the requirements of the UK Takeover Code in respect to discussing certain transaction details. And secondly, we are announcing a date and time change to our upcoming virtual Investor Day due to a scheduling conflict with another company's Investor Day. Our meeting will now be held on Tuesday, March 8th, from 9:00 A.M. to 12:00 P.M. Eastern. It will be a virtual event, and among the topics that we'll cover will be the release of our new long-term financial targets. So, with that, I'll ask you to move to slide three, and I'll turn it over to you, Tom.
Todd Leombruno: Yeah. Jonathan, I just wanted to ask the participants on the call, just as a reminder to ask one question, a follow-up, if needed, and then jump back in the queue. Just so we can try to get everyone on the call to have a shot at answering the question. We do appreciate your cooperation. So Jonathan, I'll turn it over to you for Q&A.
Todd Leombruno: Yes, Dave, I would just add, you're right. You mentioned currency. We're forecasting between 3.5 and 4 points of negative impact in the International segment just from where the currency rates are today. We're not trying to forecast those going forward. It's just a year-over-year comparison. To kind of put that in perspective, we had less than one in the first half. So that's probably a little bit of a – 
Todd Leombruno: Yeah. We've got a very flexible plan here. We've talked a little bit about that. It's going to be a mix of commercial paper, a mix of cash. We did take out a deferred throughout term loan, and then the remaining of that is yet to be determined. We've looked at it. We feel good with the rates that we're seeing. So I guess, we could give you more info that as we get a little bit closer to taking action on that. But we've got the team looking at it, and we feel really good with the total cost of debt for this transaction.
Todd Leombruno: No, we've looked at that, because the close timing is uncertain, the breakeven on that just becomes a little bit challenging.
Todd Leombruno: Yes, Joe, I would just add, it does get -- because those discretionary savings kind of ramped down as we went back to normal operations. The adjustment does get lower in the second half. So, we're -- the comparable is $25 million in Q3 and goes down to $10 million in Q4. So Q1 was $125 million. Q2 was $65 million. So, you could see that start to ramp down there.
Todd Leombruno: No, Scott, we don't believe it is. We believe that this is a short-term response to the spike in demand. If you look at us over the longer period of time, you can see that we have done a wonderful job managing working capital. It still is early days on some of the recent acquisitions. So, I do think we have some upside there as well. But the other thing I would say is, if you look at our second half, historically, the second half is really where we've started to get a little bit more leverage from the working capital side of the fence, and that's exactly what expect to see in the second half of '22. It's always a little bit tougher in a growth environment, but that's a good problem to have. And I'm really happy with the way the teams are managing this across the entire company.
Todd Leombruno: Yes. Jonathan, just to be respectful of everyone's time, I don't think we have time for another question, so I apologize to those that didn't get on the call. This really concludes our FY '22, Q2 earnings webcast. As always, Robin and Jeff are going to be available for the rest of the day. if you need any clarifications or questions. And I just ask everyone that try to stay warm, stay safe, and have a great afternoon. Thanks for your interest in Parker and thanks for joining us today.
Tom Williams: Thank you, Todd. We've got a highly engaged team around the world living up to our purpose, which is enabling engineering breakthroughs that lead to a better tomorrow. You've seen what 3.0 has done as I referenced in that EPS that's driving our current performance what's going to drive our future performance. It's early days of Win Strategy 3.0, and I would characterize it as having long legs, lots of potential ahead with Win Strategy 3.0. The portfolio transformation continues. We've acquired three great companies, are in the process of a fourth that will make us longer cycle, more resilient. And if you put that on top of the secular trends that I highlighted, we feel very, very positive about the future. So it's been our portfolio changes. It's been the strategy changes, but it really starts with our people, 55,000 team members that are thinking and acting like an owner, so 55,000 owners that are driving this transformation. So my thanks to all of them for what we did in the quarter, but really for what we've done in the last number of years. And then I'm going to hand it back to Todd for a quick comment just to set up the Q&A before we get started.
Tom Williams: Yeah, kind of, what I would characterize as some rebound off the bottom, Joe, but you've got a lot of things that are positive. The secular trends that I mentioned during my prepared remarks, aerospace recovery, ESG electrification, digitization, are all what I would call longer cycle. I mean the whole electrification trend is going to be years, you could suggest decades. It's what's going to happen to the, ESG, digitization, et cetera. The content that we've seen and the potential bill material changes, both on board and then adding the infrastructure that's going to be needed to support that is big, and it's going to allow us to grow differently, I think, than in the past. You've got a couple of other things that are going to underpin, I think, a more constructive industrial business cycle going forward. You've got, I think, the CapEx needs where -- are two-fold. One, you're going to need to reinvest in areas that you haven't invested in the last 10 years, because I don't think we're any different than most of my industrial peers, especially the last eight years, where we've had two industrial recessions in the pandemic. You typically probably underinvested during that time period because there's a need to catch back up to that. And then there's also the need around supply chain. Everybody is going to need to put a more robust supply chain systems, add multiple sources, et cetera, that's going to require infrastructure, extra equipment, et cetera. So you're going to have kind of two bites of the apple on CapEx needs that's going to happen. And then you're going to need to get back to normal inventory levels in the system. And today, inventory is basically nonexistent outside of the suppliers like us. But when you go into our customers and take larger distributors, you're going to need an inventory replenishment cycle. So there's a lot of things that are going to foreshadow a much more constructive future. Then, if you look at what we – the companies we've been buying, we've been buying companies that are longer cycle with accretive growth rates than what we've done historically. So again, you have the things we've done with the balance sheet, capital deployment help ourselves as well. So I think this is a different cycle. I mean, it clearly feels different to me. There's always all of those unknowns, the geopolitical unknowns and the virus, et cetera. But I think, if you – if we look at it, we were able to look forward, the next seven or eight years is going to, I think, be better for industrials in the last seven or eight.
Tom Williams: The big help with Aerospace is twofold. One, we were very aggressive in establishing, again, Joe, it's Tom. Establishing a fixed cost structure that was going to be designed to withstand to current conditions and flexible enough to withstand the commercial recovery. So we've done that. And we were – probably, I'd say, one of the more aggressive and quick to do that of our other peers are in the aerospace industry. So we have a fixed cost structure that is in a great position to leverage this additional volume. And then in the near-term, you're seeing significantly higher volume from commercial MRO. And that piece is obviously more higher margins. I mean, commercial MRO in the last quarter grew 47%. So those would be the two big things. We had moderate R&D in that low 3% type of level. So you get additional volume over a great cost structure and additional volume being the higher-margin piece of the portfolio is driving the margins. Just for people, I mentioned this in the last quarter, but it's even more pronounced now. We're guiding to 21.4 for the full year and that's against an all-time peak pre-COVID of 20.5. So that's fantastic. It's 90 bps higher than our previous high, and we're nowhere near previous high on revenue for Aerospace. You've got – so what's going to help, Joe, going forward, you've got ASKs, they're going to recover. You got departures, they're going to recover. Omicron is probably the silver lining to helping all of us get out of this pandemic. And the Aerospace industry will be the first to recover and you can look at – there's a lot of different people forecast in the future. When we get back to pre-COVID, I think you can say anywhere from 2023 to 2025 calendar year. If you kind of look at the median – middle of that, what most forecast were saying that puts you kind of in 2024. But there's a – you're going to have a lot of positives going forward. You've got the recovery, we've got Meggitt, and the continued good things we're doing in aerospace as a whole, so we're very positive. If we weren't so positive, we obviously wouldn't have bought Meggitt. We think there's a great space to invest in.
Tom Williams: Yes. Nigel, it's Tom. I think on the OpEx part of things, I think we're in good shape. What we've learned over the time is that innovation is not a function purely a dollar. Yes, you need to invest enough there. It's more a function of org structure, the talent and the processes that you put in place to drive that innovation. So, we think we're at a very good level. We're focusing a lot of our R&D, if I just take aerospace as an example, more on future component technologies and additive and trying to be ready for our customers when the RFPs come out. If you wait for the request for proposal to come out and start to do your R&D, you're too late. So, you have to look at where the market is going and anticipate those type of things. Our simplify design process is allowing us to innovate much more efficiently. Every new product that we develop is going through the simplify design process so that's going to help us as well. I think you weren't asking about CapEx. I think we'll have to add a little CapEx, but it will be immaterial. It would be probably just getting us into the upper 1s or closer to 2.0 on the CapEx side for productivity, for organic growth and all those kind of things. And a good example of this and how this has been happening, and I don't disclose the total numbers. But if you look at -- we added a new metric with One Strategy 3.0 called PVI, product vitality index, and it's the percent of our sales that are coming from new products, new technologies that have been developed in the last five years. And that percentage, in the last -- I'd go five years, has doubled. So, the percent of the portfolio that is more innovative is doubled. It's one of the things that's going to help us with sustainable growth. And it's one of the things that is helping us with margins because the new products are designed with a more attractive value proposition and higher margins. And so that's -- I think that's a good indicator, Nigel, that as long as you invest efficiently, you can get nice rewards for that.
Tom Williams: Yes, Nigel, it's Tom again. Yes. Yes. I mean they're there now, and we think they basically should run the same. And they're great positive about this and for all my international colleagues that are listening, this has been years in the making, a fantastic run rate really from all the regions outside of North America have contributed to this. We're seeing margin expansion across all three regions. And the short answer, Nigel, is yes, North America and international, should basically be about the same as we go forward.
Tom Williams: Joel, it's Tom. And I'll add my congratulations as well. And I'm going to maybe just expand for a second. We have always appreciated your honesty, your intelligence and your sense of humor, just like you started this -- your questions. And that's refreshing. And it's not always -- you don't always get that. And so on behalf of all of us, we thank you and congratulate you for a great career. On the long side, so 23, you're right, that will be beyond my time. But we're not a company that views that there's any kind of mile marker we can't go past. And so, I won't say that, that's a number we could never achieve. We're going to give you the first look at our 5-year when we get together on March 8. And I think that will give you visibility of where we think we can take the company. But just as you've seen that chart at the beginning of my remarks, what's happened with EBITDA margin, it's at like a 45-degree line. And as long as, we keep developing technologies and products that create the distinguishing value that Lee referenced, we can attract that kind of margin attainment. So that's not an overnight and you weren't suggesting it's an overnight at 2030. But I view this as we go down the highway of continuous improvement there's no exit ramps. We're just going to continue to go and keep trying to get better and aspire -- as I mentioned at the beginning, aspire to be the best industrial company that we can.
Tom Williams: Yes, Jamie, it's Tom. I'll start, and Lee can tag on, because Lee's leaving us as we speak. I mentioned this in the beginning that arguably the toughest environment in my career, and I've been around a long time. This is really a tough environment. If you're a general manager, you're an ops manager, supply chain leisure between inflation, COVID supply chain disruption, really difficult to schedule the shop. It's difficult to schedule your suppliers. It's difficult to schedule your team members and apply them. Omicron has been -- well, I think it's going to be a blessing overall, has been a blessing if we didn't have any of this. It's going to get us out of it. It's really kind of peaking in January, and will start to decline, hopefully, here as we go through February, but it has impacted absenteeism rates significantly. We felt some of that in the second quarter. We're feeling much higher absenteeism rates in the beginning of Q3. The reason why I go through that, is it just to your point, Jamie, it underlines how impressive these numbers are. If you run a factory and you're trying to hire a bunch of people, train them, and you've got absenteeism significantly higher than you used to, and you're having to redeploy people, retrain them, cross train them. You can imagine how difficult it is in any given day you’re not sure whether the material you want is coming in, you can just guess how hard that is. And so these numbers are impressive, to your point, as we get through this and it becomes more normal times, that's helpful, and we'll kind of indicate that when we get to IR day. But the implied guidance in our second half is quite a bit better than the first half. So 22.3 is what we're implying for total op margin in the second half. We did 21.8 in the second half of 2021. So it's a 50 bps higher than prior year. And ironically, it's the same 50 bps higher than what we did in the first half. So you see some of that sequential growth. I would just help to remind, you guys cover so many companies. We came out of the -- when we started the pandemic, we were very aggressive on taking out cost. And so it kind of fall no good decost and punished. We were one of the best companies putting up MROSs at the beginning of the pandemic. But we now have to compare against those years, and we've been trying to give you apples-for-apples. This last quarter, the apples-for-apples was a 48% incremental. The guidance for the second half is around 40% for Q3. This is making apples-for-apples taking out those discretionary costs in Q4 around 35, again, a full year, not counting those things, it turned out to be 30. I think that's a great number. In this kind of environment that you can put up a 30 incremental, you're doing some spectacular work. And again, I want to emphasize, Todd said this earlier, a big thank you to Lee and Jenny and all the group present and all the people around the world that did such a great job run our factories. But we'll get more, Jamie, into what we think we could do in a more normalized world and show you the targets in IR day.
Tom Williams: Yes, Mig, it's Tom. Yes, that is still the case. If you look at the whole value chain, our customers, us, our suppliers and our suppliers' suppliers, everybody is feeling it. Everybody's feeling it. I would say our customers are feeling it the worst, because they're at the top of the food chain, our customers or the OEMs, they have a more complicated build material. They have more ship dependency. And so they have more difficult time. And so, that is still -- while everybody is feeling it, and we are clearly not immune, we're feeling it as well and our suppliers are feeling it, the long pole in the tent is still our customers and their ability to manage a more complex build material coming their way. That's part of what makes forecasting sales difficult for us, is we look at our own inputs, our AI model and feedback from customers and divisions and, et cetera. But we do have to factor in, our customers are careful that they're not able to take everything that we could provide them because -- and I understand why they would do this, why would they want to take our material, if they can't put it to use. We're doing the same with our suppliers. That really hasn't changed much since our last conversation. I think, in a lot of cases, the chip issues, at least the chips that our industry, our customers and our products use are still feeling the pinch point. As a matter of fact, probably got to hear worse as we started Q3. We're not forecasting any help on that. Of course, we have the benefit being a different fiscal year company. We've only got five months left to talk about, but we don't see any help within our fiscal year. And if it helps going to come on that, it's going to be more towards the end of this calendar year.
Tom Williams: Yes. Again, Mig, it's Tom. I would say that from what we can tell, is still predominantly all underlying demand and not people trying to worry about getting in line or double ordering to your point. Is that happening? I would guarantee, it probably is happening somewhere because there's no way we can 100% predict that. But my comment is the beginning of the Q&A was more longer term, this industrial cycle feels like it has stronger legs from just the recovery dynamics, CapEx and the underlying -- for us, the underlying linkage of those secular trends. I think most of what our customers are doing now is just trying to be pragmatic. They're laying in orders that are over multiple time periods than they historically would have done, which I think net-net is a good thing for the whole supply chain.
Tom Williams: Yes, David, this is Tom. It's going to be a combination of what were the latest on 3.0 and really keep updating on all the changes to 3.0. It's very hard in an earnings call and just even a normal roadshow that we might be doing to take people through all the different elements of Win Strategy 3.0. So we're going to try to do a more comprehensive job of taking you through that and how it can help both growth and our margin expansion. Talk about some incentive changes that we've made, they're going to help change the behavior and motivation for our team. We're going to give you an update on the secular trends, which are really unique. I mean when Lee and I started our respective jobs, this whole ESG phenomena, the electrification, digitization, they were there, but not at the same kind of extent with the same kind of momentum and CapEx investment that's going to happen around there. And we really -- and we want to try to give people a better understanding of how our portfolio is going to change and how the content changes because of those trends. So there will be a lot of time on that. And then it will all come out in a forecast of what we think the five-year goals are going to be. So that's a not show kind of the high-level time line of our agenda for the meeting.
Tom Williams: Okay, David, it's Tom and Todd, tag on if I missed something here. So I'll give you what I have. I don't know where you're getting to 1%, but I'll give you what we're seeing for the second half. I'm going to give you the organic numbers. So we are raising the guide, it was 6% for the second half, all-in total company to 7%. And just to kind of provide context, that 7% is against the 10% that we did in the prior second half. So again, it's kind of the two-year stack, it's 7% on top of 10%. But if I split out the segments for you to get to the 7% North America second half is around 8.5%, International is 5%, so it's not 1%, it's 5% organic. And then Aerospace is approaching 7%, and that's how you get to the total number of 7%. I don't know, Todd, do you have to...
Tom Williams: Yeah, Joe, it's Tom. I would say that, I don't see it getting better, as I mentioned earlier within the fiscal year. If I had to say, it's probably this current quarter we're in, is probably the toughest that we're going to experience. At least, I'm hoping, it's the toughest with all things considered. I think we've weathered it pretty well and probably the best indicator of our ability to weather has been that incremental margin conversion and our margin expansion that's really the punch line. Are you able to digest inflation, supply chain disruptions, absenteeism, everything. It all ends up in, well, how are you doing on margins? Are you expanding margins? Are you converting incremental revenue at the right kind of pace? And we've been able to do that. Part of our success on supply chain is historical. We've taken the approach historically that we want to make, buy, and sell local for local. Yes, we have global supply chains, and we look at augmenting local sources. But we've always been, from a service and a customer experience standpoint, trying to be local, too, and speed-to-market, et cetera. So, that localization has helped us a lot and a lot of -- because a lot of the pain points are tied to logistics as we're all aware of. And then we've had a pretty good risk mitigation strategy around dual sources, but we're spending a lot of time on that. So, I would tell you going forward, we're going to add more dual sources, which I'm not the only CEO in the world that's thinking that. So, that's a good infrastructure thing for us, equipment needs, et cetera, building needs. We're going to do that. We're also going to be deploying simplify design at our suppliers because as we help them with designs that are easy for them to make, obviously, that makes it easier for them to produce and at a better cost, et cetera. North America is more challenged, in general, because it has tougher logistic challenges. That would be first. And then second, it has tougher labor challenges. I think Europe in particular, did a better job of retaining people during the pandemic. There are various different number of programs that they had varied by country, but where they didn't people off and retain people and we did a lot of that as well. And so I think their labor availability and their logistics are running smooth in North America, and that's how we'd characterize the differences.
Tom Williams: Well, incrementals are -- incrementals based on operating margins. So, they're all operating. The difference would be what I mentioned to one of the questions was we put out some incredible incrementals in that first reset -- of pandemic. If you could go back at benchmark, we were clearly top quartile, maybe not one of the best incrementals of any industrial company. So, we're comparing against that. So, that's a difficult comparison. And then of course, we've tried to take you through making an apples-to-apples. We had description one-offs that we've savings all the people taking pay cuts beginning to pandemic is not repeating. And so the apples-for-apples, I mean, our first half this year is in the upper 40s. When you do apples-for-apples incrementals, which is absolutely fantastic. That's fantastic in normal times and everything is running smoothly and to do it in these kind of times is just incredible.
Tom Williams: Scott, it's Tom, if I would add on, our inventory levels right now we have lots of opportunity. And as we go forward, that will be a source of cash for us once we get through the more normal supply chain conditions.
Tom Williams: So Scott, I'll try -- I'm recognizing them up against the time, but we try to be quick with this. We could not be happier with all 3. You're right, it's kind of like, well, picking for your 3 children, what you deal like best, you like them all. They've all achieved their margin targets that we wanted, have all done, we would expect as far as growth resilience and being accretive to growth. I think LORD, in particular, brought some unique best practices around how we do commercial strategies, which we're applying across the company. And they've all been accretive on growth, accretive on margins and accretive on EPS. And so the design intent when we started, they lived up to their billing. A lot of times, it's not the case. So we are happy about that.
