Pam Huggins: Thanks, Genaida. Good morning, everyone. It’s Pam speaking, just as Genaida mentioned. I’d like to welcome you to Parker Hannifin’s fiscal year 2015 first quarter earnings release teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Don Washkewicz; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Marten. For those of you who wish to do so, you can follow today’s presentation with the PowerPoint slides that have been presented on Parker’s website at www.phstock.com. For those of you not online, the slides will remain posted on the company’s investor information website one year after today’s call. At this time, if you will reference Slide #2 in the slide deck, which is the Safe Harbor Disclosure Statement addressing forward-looking statements. And I ask that you please take note of this statement in its entirety if you haven’t already done so. This slide also indicates, as required, that in cases where non-GAAP members have been used, they have been reconciled to the appropriate GAAP numbers, and are posted on Parker’s website again that phstock.com. Slide #3. This is the agenda for today. It consists of four parts. First, Don, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President will provide highlights for the first quarter. Second, I’ll provide a review, including key performance measures, for the first quarter, and then of course conclude with a revised guidance for fiscal year 2015. The third part of the call will consist of our standard Q&A session. And so in the fourth part of the call, Don will close with some final comments. So at this time, I’ll turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to Slide #4 titled Highlights, First Quarter Fiscal Year 2015.
Pam Huggins: Good morning Jeff.Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Pam congrats on the retirement and best of luck.
Pam Huggins: Good morning Alex.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: Good morning and congratulations Pam.
Pam Huggins: Thanks Alex, we try to make people understand that. So, thank you, you just have that.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: My point is that there is upper limit, but is pretty it can be well above where you are now.
Pam Huggins: Thank you, John. We are now five minutes past the hour. So, I’m going to turn it over to Don, who will have some closing comments. And I would just like to thank all of you and it is really been a pleasure working with all of you. And hope to talk to you soon.
Don Washkewicz: Thanks Pam and welcome to everyone on the call. We certainly appreciate your participation today. I’ll make a few brief comments and then Pam is going to return for a more detailed review of the quarter. I’ll address capital structure in a moment, but first I want to review a very strong first quarter for the company. I’m pleased we’re up to such a solid start to the year, as we executed well, delivered strong results and reinforced our view that this will be another record year for the company. The first quarter highlights, we had a record first quarter sales at $3.3 billion up slightly from last year’s first quarter. Organic growth adjusted for the GE Aviation joint venture increased almost 4%. So, we’re very pleased with that. Orders increased 5% and we’re positive across all segments, but especially strong in Aerospace. Total segment operating margins reached 15.9% and we’re certainly very pleased with those numbers, and that’s a 150 basis point increase from last year’s first quarter and on an adjusted basis reached 16.1%. This is a result of the success for restructuring completed last fiscal year. Our performance is led by an all-time record for segment operating margins in our Industrial North American businesses at 18%. Both Aerospace Systems and Industrial International had meaningful increases in margin this quarter compared with a year ago. Notably, the Industrial International margins reached 15%. And that’s a great number considering Europe and Latin America are still pretty weak for us. So, hitting 15% was a great accomplishment. Operating cash flows was again strong at $261 million and we anticipate that fiscal year 2015 will be our 14th consecutive year of cash flows greater than 10% and we’ve generated greater than 10% ever since we launched the win strategy back in 2001. Now, I’ll make a few comments on our capital allocation strategy as a follow on to our announcement last week. We are very pleased to announce that the Board increased a quarterly dividend 31% from $0.48 to $0.63 and authorized a repurchase of up to 35 million shares. Our capital allocation priorities remained pretty much the same as they have in the past, as we have consistently communicated our first priority is to maintain our dividend increase record. The significant increase last week brings us into alignment what our goal of a 30% payout ratio calculated as a percentage of net income. And we have been saying pretty much for the last year or so that we wanted to hit that 30% payout by within three years by 2016 and we’re pretty much on target for that. Second, we are committed to reinvesting in our business through capital spending that drives organic growth. We’ve been running less than 2% CapEx and we think that we can manage this business by executing lean, continuing to execute lean and keep the CapEx around 2% give or take a little bit. Third, we have a target to grow through acquisitions and we’ll continue to pursue acquisitions at fit with the company strategically. And then lastly, we are committed to providing returns to – to our shareholders. The new authorization of 35 million shares approved by the Board last week, allows us more flexibility for share repurchases, this authorization more than doubles the number of shares available to purchase compared to our previous authorization. Our goal is to repurchase 2 billion to 3 billion in the next 24 months for planning purposes and for spreadsheets; you can assume a straight line repurchase over the next two years, of course it appear to be a little lumpy, but I think that will be pretty much the best advice we can give you kind of assume straight line and you will be pretty close. Guidance has been increased based on our strong first quarter results, partially offset by a significant currency headwinds. Adjusted guidance has been increased to a range of $7.45 to $8.05 and diluted earnings per share and that excludes rather $0.25 of restructuring expenses. The savings from the timing of the execution of our restructuring activities give us confidence that will deliver another record year in fiscal 2015. So, now I’m going to turn the call back over to Pam for getting a little bit more detailed review of the quarter.
Don Washkewicz: Nathan Don, just so that everybody on the call recalls what we had said in the past, it’s been about three or four quarters that of course everybody was asking what, how we’re going to deploy capital and so forth, that’s we’re building up cash balances on the balance sheet. And just sort of I can let you know now, what was going on, we had been in very serious discussions with a couple of major opportunities, acquisition opportunities in which case I would have needed all of the capital, all the cash that we had on the balance sheet and then some. They were very significant, we were in confidentiality agreements with them, I really couldn’t disclose or say anything at all at the time. So, we kept putting you up and I know that that was frustrating for all of our shareholders out there, that we – weren’t taken any positive action, I think they were thinking that we’re dragging our feet for one reason or other. But we were very, very seriously involved in a couple of major ones. We just couldn’t bridge the gap at the end of the day, the – we’re pretty disciplined, we have and these being strategic acquisitions. We felt that we had an advantage over other potential parties that would be interested from a standpoint that we would have more synergies. And so, even using a synergistic model with building and all the synergies, we still came up significantly short from what the expectation of the sellers were so. We agreed to part ways and at some point in the future maybe we’ll come back together, I think we kept everything friendly and I think there was just a difference in expectation or evaluation expectation that was the main reason why we parted. So, like I said we’re disciplined on this, we know the businesses very well, we know what the capability is, all of these companies that we’re looking at, because we’re in similar businesses. So, I don’t think we missed anything from an evaluation or fair evaluation standpoint, it was just that we were not going to come together at this point in time on either one of these. So, plan B Nathan was always share repurchase and we had been talking about the dividend increase. We moved that up a quarter, because once we broke the confidentiality agreement with these, we were then free to go ahead and go ahead and do some take some actions with regard to the dividend increase which we did and of course we announced the share repurchase as well. So, that was always plan B and I think, obviously the investment community saw that as a real positive that I have to say that going forward, we do have some smaller ones now more typical of what we’ve done in the past that are in the funnel we probably will have a couple coming out hopefully, we don’t project anything. But I would just say that, I my guess is right now will have a couple of smaller ones coming through the pipeline in the next few months. So, you will still see us active in this area, but very disciplined and hopefully that answers your question, I think obviously at some point in the future we could revisit any of these and/or all of these. But right now that’s off the table we’re pursing the actions that we presented to you this past week.
Don Washkewicz: Pricing and raw materials first of all, let me just touch on raw materials, because it’s tied in with pricing. We’re seeing quite a few of the inputs there as far as raw materials going up, steel and aluminum both are going up a little more to actually up to 20%. This is comparing trends from October last year to October this year. And copper is down just slightly, steel is up. So, what we’re doing is as we have done in the past, our time for reviewing pricing on the distribution channel is January and July. So, we’ll approach, we’re going to be approaching that here in the next month or two. So, I anticipate we will maybe making some adjustments depending on the raw material involved in the product involved. Keep in mind that our goal here is for the, we have like what we call PI index that purchasing price index, the goal is to keep that less than 1, we’ve been running less than 1. So, we’ve been recouping any increases in our input cost effectively. And the other thing we track very closely worldwide is our sell price index and that’s been tracking greater than 1. So, it has been running greater than 1 for considerable period of time. So, we’re recovering basically what that tells is recovering our cost plus the margin. So there will be some adjustments in January and if these increases continue, we’ll have to adjust them again mid-year. And then the other thing we do is for the OEMs, we look at the pricing at the anniversary of the contracts that we have with the OEMs and make the appropriate adjustments and negotiate those adjustments at that time.
Don Washkewicz: Well David just big picture, you are correct, we Asia is trending better than we expected and so, the trends in Asia are offsetting the weakness that we’re seeing in Europe without regard to the currency as it turns out the currency offsets the impact overall internationally, but when you break it down a little bit further we are seeing some pretty good growth and better than we expected in Asia and in some of our key end markets.
Don Washkewicz: Well, it’s – this would go along with some of our rail businesses, our marine businesses, our oil and gas businesses. This would be centered around some of our engineering materials group, some of our filtration group, some of our life sciences businesses that are cut across all of our groups. So it’s no one end market David, but it’s – but it’s the mobile construction which of course is been a problem is flattening out there and again we’re seeing another end market, other key end markets in Asia some of the signs of mid-single digit to a little bit higher growth there in some those of markets that I just mentioned.
Don Washkewicz: Yeah, I don’t want to give you an impression that Europe is down very big, it’s not – it’s just down slightly, it’s relatively flat, it’s just the currency that we seeing that we’re calling out here on the call. And Asia is up slightly, but I don’t want to give you the impression that in our guidance Europe is coming in extremely weak it is not, it’s coming in right as we have kind of put our guidance together just slightly, slightly down but not significant at all.
Don Washkewicz: I would just say that, if you look at what we were heading, we’re at 15% here; we’re going to close the year at 15%. And what I would consider kind of medio per year, with two of our regions doing recently well North America and then Asia. And two pretty much flat under back being Europe and Latin America. So, I think you can see that any tailwind that we get, going forward is just going to be accretive to our margins. I think it’s going to obviously be accretive to the MROS that will be generating. I think when you look at Aerospace, Aerospace is still well below where we think it will ultimately be and I think as we bleed off some of the R&D, the NRE expense, that R&D that we’ve been experiencing because of the new programs. I think you’re going to see margin improvement certainly across that platform. I think the other thing is, you’ve heard now about our self-help program, everybody was very positive on that this last year. And we appreciate that the fact that you’d hung in with us through that process. And but we’re not done, there is some more restructuring going on right now, some of that’s baked in to the obviously, into the numbers that you see. But as we fully appreciate the full impact of all of these restructuring that’s going to help margins as well. The other thing going on in the company that we don’t talk about a whole lot certainly on these cost is the innovation and as we drive more and more innovation new product, new to the world, new to the industry type products out there, our margins are going to increase. And then lastly, I would say and we already talked a little bit about this was our distribution channel, we continue to add distributions somewhere in the world everyday we’re adding distribution whether it would be a ParkerStore, HOSE DOCTOR a distributor at principal location or something somewhere in the world, something is going on every day, we want to continue building on that. So, I think when you talk margins in the company, we don’t know how high this can grow. I mean frankly we’re taking one year of time, and of course everything is fluid. So, things change every year and we’re just going to take a one year of time and I think though the trend, you can see when we are at 13%, we were getting questions Don, I think you are peaked out at 13% and then I said no, we’re going for 15%, when we got the 14% I was getting the same questions, you think that’s about it, I said no, I think we can go higher and 15%. And so, I think we’re going to see, I think the good news is we have a lot of great things happening in the company and we’re going to be moving this – the need as far as we possibly can and better days are ahead let me just leave it at that.
Don Washkewicz: No I don’t think, I don’t think we want to do that, because of the sensitivity of course of the companies that we’re looking at and the people there. We did have a confidentiality agreement; we are going to honor that even going forward. So, we won’t be disclosing any specifics. Suffice it to say though, these properties has everything we do, makes perfect sense and I would assure you that you would agree with us, would make perfect sense for the company. It’s focused on motion and control, it’s accretive, they are synergistic. Everything that we would do is not going to often and let feel somewhere. So, and it would be good for their company, as we were able to do that. So, I’m still optimistic that down the road that we’ll have another shot at a couple of these potentially. So, but we won’t go on the specifics as far as segment or name or anything for obvious reasons.
Don Washkewicz: So, just a few closing comments. I want to once again thank everybody on the call for joining us this morning to recap our current performance expectations for fiscal 2015 continue positive. Thanks for the restructuring completed in FY’14. Our confidence is reflected in the announcements we just made increasing our dividend 31% and the $2 billion to $3 billion share repurchase program along with a strong quarter to start our fiscal year. As always I will take this opportunity to thank our employees for their continued commitment and success. Our global team has done just an outstanding job executing the win strategy and delivering positive results for the company. I also want to say thanks to all of you on the call for congratulating Pam and her retirement, I know that she is going to miss working with all of you and I will add a special thanks to Pam Huggins for her 30 plus years of service, loyal service to the company and her passion for helping our company and our shareholders. If you have any additional questions Pam and Todd Leombruno will be around the balance of the day. So, I want to thank you once again and have a great day. Bye, bye.
Jon Marten: I think you know to just start out on that Jeff in Europe things came in exactly as we had put our guidance together. We had a good July not a great August, again accounting for the normal shutdowns that we see in August. And then we had exactly what we expected in the month of September, things are not ramping up, things are not ramping down things are relatively flat in Europe when we take a look at the orders. And that’s what we’re seeing right now, of course the major change on our guidance going forward is just the impact of the strong dollar vis-à-vis euro. And that’s how we’re seeing and that’s how Europe is looking to us right now today.Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks.
Jon Marten: Yeah that’s a fair assumption, we were really quite worried that in Q4. We talked about it a lot in our Q4 conference call. Those kind of disruptions, the restructuring related costs that we were experiencing in the Q4 of last year have all that been eliminated here, our plans are being executed very well by our team mates and we are very pleased with the results internationally here at this past quarter.
Jon Marten: Well right now in terms of the orders in North America, first your last question first for October, it’s right into where our guidance is coming out. So nothing remarkable there to report out on two you that was along with our orders, that was along with our guidance. In North America, in the quarter, the results as we saw them in July, August and September again sequentially August is always lower than July, which is what we saw and September was sequentially better than August and September was slightly better than the month of July.
Jon Marten: I think Nathan, there is certainly was some hesitation on our part in the month as we were putting the guidance together in terms of whether happen in Q4 for Europe. But a significant part of the beat that you are looking at above the segment line is coming from a tremendous performance in North America, our North America Industrial business. With an all-time record 18% return on sales as we’re reporting externally. And that was even bigger and the slight beat that we saw in Europe and the more that we have since of what it transpired in Q4 last year.
Jon Marten: Well first of all to answer your first question it was across the Board, excellent performance every product grouping across the company in North America. So there is no mix issue that kind of crops out here, are these margin sustainable. Well, we have for the year higher guidance and Diversified Industrial North America at very good margins for us. We’re not showing that it can be sustained in Q2 or Q3, Q2 is always sequentially a little bit lower in terms of the top-line and Q3 we start to catch-up and around Q4 we will be very close to that same number in terms of our return on sales. And so for the whole year, we will be slightly below the 18 that’s what’s indicated in our guidance, but we will be in our guidance showing and we are showing all time high North America Industrial margins.
Jon Marten: Okay Jamie, Jon here. First on the Aerospace margins, we’re expecting to be coming right around guidance. We had a slight beat here in Q1. We are concerned as always about the trends that we see and the development expenses. That might be a little bit higher than what we were talking about for the year, maybe $5 million to $10 million. But, still we’re expecting R&D as a percent of sales around 9% for the year and we’re expecting our guidance at – we’re expecting the results to come in right at the 13.5 range. Now in terms of the share buyback, we’re going just use cash that we have on hand in the U.S. as well as our, Commercial Paper line that we have that we use that you’ll see that and it’s payable portion of our balance sheet and so it’s just the cash that we generate, the cash that we have here in the U.S. and our Commercial Paper line that’s how we plan to fund the share repurchases. Money that is oversees, we’re – it has been permanently reinvested oversees.
Jon Marten: And David, just kind of regrouping back at the order trends, that’s evidenced by the order trends of 3/12 being running at about a 112, 12/12 at 100. So it’s pretty flat.
Jon Marten: Well in the – on the other expense it is really a reduction in our stock option expenses just less stock option expense. We do that once a year in the company and it came in significantly lower for that line that we in plan drill. So that’s what we called out in our opening comments.
Jon Marten: Yeah, but I think that if you – if you just assumed in your calculation the advice that we gave at the outset, I think it will go below 30.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: You know I just did a simple calculation.
Jon Marten: Right.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: Dividend were 8 per share divided by earnings per share.
Jon Marten: Our cost structure right now normally will give us about a 30% margin return on sales as the business unfolds overtime. That’s what our cost structure gives us across the Board for all of the segments.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: 30% well, of course if you carry that out for ever you would raise your operating margin 30% ultimately.
Jon Marten: Right, well, all of your facts are absolutely correct, all of the cash on our balance sheet that you were looking at June 30th was oversees and we use the cash that we generate here in the U.S. I think the in order to pay down CP or to take care of ongoing U.S. need. And so, we would do that same for our share repurchase program, we would use the U.S. cash that we generate which is a significant portion of our free cash flow of course. And we would use our credit line that we have established as it is right now on CP in order to work on the program going forward. And so as we model the straight line guidance that we gave to you, because of the cash generating ability of the company we feel that we can fund the share repurchase quite nicely.
Jon Marten: I don’t have the exact numbers in front of me John, but in the round numbers, I think we took our notes payable line if you look on our balance sheet down approximately in the last 12 months as we were going through this review of this very big opportunities as Don was talking to you about by a total just for those, just for a total of about $900 million in the last 12 months. That could be wrong from that stat, but that’s if you look at the notes payable line in the reduction and that’s where you will see that.
Jon Marten: Well I think all of the $0.10 is, is really tied into the increased, confidence that we have in our guidance that we set up for the year that we are maintaining in terms of the top-line, but for the translational impact of that you have a strong dollar. So, as we look at that and our guidance. We wanted to take the guidance up by $0.10 and as we kind of added up all the numbers from all around the hurdle that’s the way that, that our calculations came together. And so, I think that our order rates support that, our order rates support our guidance and mind the strongest order rates are in North America and our guidance is over 5% increasing volume in North America. So, I think it ties together quite nicely, looking at the trends in the orders and we feel very confident in our guidance going forward. Hopefully that helps you John.
