Cathy Suever: Thanks, James. Good morning. Welcome to Parker Hannifin's second quarter fiscal year 2019 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams; and President and Chief Operating Officer, Lee Banks. Today's presentation slides together with the audio webcast replay will be accessible on the company's investor information website at phstock.com for one year following today's call. On slide number two, you'll find the company's Safe Harbor Disclosure Statement, addressing forward-looking statements as well as non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations for any reference to non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's press release and are also posted on Parker's website at phstock.com. Today's agenda appears on slide three. To begin our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams, will provide comments and highlights from the second quarter. Following Tom's comments, I'll provide a review of the company's second quarter performance, together with the guidance for the full year fiscal 2019. Tom, will then provide a few summary comments and we'll open the call for a question-and-answer session. Please refer now to slide number four. Tom will get us started.
Cathy Suever: Jamie, this is Cathy. I'll start on the Aerospace margin. We're very pleased with the margins that they achieved in the quarter and we do see a lot of improvement that they've worked hard at gaining in their infrastructure and their cost control. If you notice we did raise the guidance for their margins for the year a fair amount. In the second half, you'll see maybe not as high as you would have expected and that's going to be driven by higher development costs in the second half than what we experienced in the first half. We're anticipating development costs for the year to finish somewhere between five in three quarters of their sales in a quarter. They did 5.5% in the first half and we're expecting closer to 6.5% in the second half just because of the timing of some of those development activities.
Cathy Suever: Yes, good question Joel. We will see an increased volume of OEM activity of entry into service as some of the newer platforms are now ramping up, and that does start out at very low margins. So that will have some pressure on our Aerospace margins. But we are confident. I mean we're forecasting a midpoint margin for this year of 19%, 19.1. And we -- the cost efficiencies that they've been working hard on I think will help balance against that mix pressure that they're going to feel in the next few years.
Cathy Suever: Thanks Joel. All right, this concludes our Q&A session and our earnings call for today. Thank you everyone for joining us. Robin will be available to take your calls, should you have further questions. Thanks everybody. Have a great day.
Tom Williams: Thank you, Cathy. We're very pleased with our continued progress. With the execution of Win Strategy we're projecting another earnings record for fiscal 2019. I just want to conclude by saying thank you to the global team for all the hard work their dedication and I thank our shareholders for their continued confidence in us. And with that James I'll hand it over to you to start the Q&A portion of the call.
Tom Williams: Okay. And this is Tom. I'll start. I'm going to give you maybe an overall framework and I'll hand it to Lee with more details. Let me start with the new guide and I'm going to focus on organic guide. So, we guided now to 2% to 4% as far as our range. And I'm going to put the regions in Aerospace into that range and give you where they sit. So, on 2% to 4% Latin America would be above that range. Aerospace is above it. North America would be right at the midpoint. Asia-Pacific would be at the low end of that range. And EMEA would be flat. So, that's our view on organic growth for the full year. Probably what's more important and interesting for everybody on the call is what are we seeing for the second half so our first six months of the calendar year 2019. So, our organic guide I'm going to kind of round the here is approximately a little less than 1% for the second half. And the way that splits out is North America a little bit north of 1%, international about a minus 0.5% Aerospace at 2.5%. So, now if I split out international that minus 0.5% is around Latin America plus 5% Asia-Pacific flat, and EMEA about negative 1.5%. Again these are all second half numbers from us. So maybe a little bit of thoughts from me on what's behind the second half guide. Well, let's start first with the most recent order entry and you all saw the numbers from the press release North America at 0; international minus 2; Aerospace at plus 10; Total company at 1. So, if I could step back for a second and back to where we were two years ago, we were clearly in an accelerating growth environment. That very naturally moves into a moderating growth as most business cycles do from an accelerating into a moderating growth and that's fully based on our last guide what we had projected for the second half. However if I was to give you an analogy going from moderating to really what we guided to a slower growth I'd have you visualize a metal spring -- not spring the season, but a spring - a metal spring. And I think that opinion and still, I think very capable of a moderate our organic growth. And it's still I think very capable of moderate growth environment. I don't think the dynamics have changed. However, there's been some weights put on top of the spring and these weights would be the macroeconomic and geopolitical issues that we've all been talking about and reading about and listening to; and trade-related things, Brexit monetary policy, the oil and gas price softening and the government shutdown. I'm very optimistic we are very optimistic that those weights, those macro issues will resolve themselves, maybe not all of them but several are going to resolve themselves. And that spring our organic growth guide for the second half that is currently now in slow growth environment can spring back to a moderate growth environment. The big question is when. I don't think anybody really knows the answer to that. However, our guide assumes that those macro issues are not going to get resolved and enough time to really have much support or change to what our current second half guide is. So, that's a backdrop. I'm going to hand it over to Lee to give you more details on the markets.
Tom Williams: Andy, it's Tom. I think what you're seeing is a combination of things and you pointed to one of them. The restructuring that we've done – and I would characterize this for really all the regions. Obviously international we did probably more over the last several years than we had in North America. But it's a combination of that prior period restructuring so that fixed cost's in a lot better position than we've been. The new Win Strategy changes and that focus on simplification and the costs SG&A costs have come down. Our variable costs have gotten better. The productivity in the plants, we saw continued to improve through the quarter. And our – we've continued to feel that they'll improve in the second half, which is why we – our margins are so resilient, with a little bit of softness there. And we've done a really nice job on supply chain and sort of just optimizing all the dynamics that are going on from a material inflation freight et cetera. So I think the team has done a great job of executing, but there's still a lot more opportunities there which is why we've guided to pretty good margins in the second half even with some softness in the top line.
Tom Williams: Well, obviously Andy, it depends on the severity of a market swing. But I would tell you we have this continuous view on being cost leaders. Everything we're doing around the Win Strategy the execution there is on making us the most nimble and agile business that we possibly can be. And I think the best evidence of that is just plot our margins over the last four years what's happened. You've seen significant margin improvement. And of course in the second half, we're guiding to a little less sales and margins equal to or better than what we originally said in the last guide. Now, typically over a cycle, we would expect sales would drop. That same 30% decremental I think is still a good rule of thumb. But what we've demonstrated over the last several cycles go back to 2002, I'm going to take a history lesson for those who haven't tracked the company for a long time, 2002 we had 60% drop in earnings. 2008 and 2009 it was a 40% drop. The 2015 to 2016 industrial recession contraction was a 20% drop. And so we continue to get better. Our whole goal is to raise the floor raise the ceiling of margin performance. And while we're very proud of what we did in Q2 and very proud of and we're guiding for the first time in the history of the company to a 17% operating margin we clearly, clearly have a lot more opportunity in the future. So I'm not worried at all about any kind of softness. We've been practicing for this every day. We're ready for it.
Tom Williams: Yes, Nathan. This is Tom. I would say first, you have a good ground-rooted improvement in productivity regardless of the plants that were involved in plant closures because you got all the other plants that are improving as well, Win Strategy execution and all the things that I talked about earlier in sort of my opening comments. So you got a good ground-based improvement in productivity specifically around the plants that -- and all the lines that we moved, we saw steady progress and productivity but we have more to do. So we were pleased as you pointed out 37% more or less in North America for the quarter and beat what we had guided to what we communicated. But we expect that to continue to get better and we're guiding to an even stronger second half. So our belief that we told you last quarter about the second half being stronger than what we feel the first half would be that still holds true. We may have gotten a little better faster. But what we've seen is there's still lots of opportunities whatnot yet at the complete rates that we need to be, so I think that bodes well to what our second half is going to be. And really I think signals -- not talking about FY 2020 yet, that signals that we have momentum in FY 2020 as well.
Tom Williams: Julian this is Tom. Let me -- I'll start first with the order trends and I'll maybe take region by region. So North America, pretty well declined equally -- equal parts through the quarter and really mirrored the -- if you'll go back to the prior year, the increases we had, so kind of a mirror image there. I would say EMEA and Latin America was -- I'd say all the regions were pretty sequentially equal drops. EMEA and Latin America exited flat to prior, so remember our international was minus 2. Composition was EMEA and Latin America exiting flat and Asia Pacific exiting slightly negative on that end. As far as the first half, second half, in the third quarter and Q4 on organic, we have a little bit better organic in Q3 and that's mainly because of comps with Aerospace in Q4. We had a huge Q4 in Aerospace with some big MRO activity that is unlikely to repeat. And so that's probably what's weighting it down. But I would say in general how I articulated what we articulated as far as organic growth is not really too much different between Q3 and Q4.
Tom Williams: Julian, maybe to start with, I'd like to cover the capital deployment from a comprehensive standpoint. So first is, dividends. We're going to keep that consecutive increase record. And we like to target 30% to 35% of net income on a rolling 5-year average. And our dividends are going to grow because we're going to grow net income over this time period. CapEx as you -- my opening comments about one of the things that make us unique, we're pretty efficient on CapEx. We'll use CapEx to fund organic growth and strategic productivity. So now to the heart of your question, is share purchase versus strategic acquisitions. And we like both. We will do what the best use of this for our shareholders for the long run. I think in general, acquisitions generate incremental cash, generate incremental EBITDA that would be the preference, provided that they meet our stringent and our disciplined view of acquisitions. Over the cycle, it's important as far as where we are but what's more important is it's a strategic fit will it hit our return criteria's. We would model where we were organically into the DCF so we factor that in. So I would just say the M&A pipeline is active. We're going to continue to look at properties really along two big things: We want a bit of consolidated choice in our space if the property is a good fit. And then all things being equal we're going to invest in engineering materials, aerospace, instrumentation, filtration; of course you've seen our -- the big investment we did in filtration. But you saw on the last quarter, we bought shares. We didn't see a property that we could execute on that made sense. Nothing clicked. Remember the acquisition pipeline is not 100% first pass yield. It requires two people to get married. And we think we're a great value. And we know where the company's going. And we thought it was a great investment great time to buy Parker. For that matter it's never a bad time to buy Parker. So we'll continue to look at all those. I think in general like you've heard me talk before; we want to have a balance sheet that is about the work. We have a great earnings profile. We have great cash flow. And we want to be great deployers and we're going to deploy the best possible way recognizing that our goal is to drive shareholder value over the long-term. And every quarter might be a little different, we tweak that, but I think you'll see us continue to be active.
Tom Williams: Andrew, it's Tom. I can't comment about everybody else. I'll just comment about what we see. We can -- if I take Aerospace, we continue to see Aerospace very strong. And we had robust orders. You saw order entry there we had a robust first half. Our second half will still be very strong sequentially. It's a 7% growth a sequentially. We had some pretty tough comparables in the second half, which makes it now look quite as strong, but I'd put up our Aerospace numbers against anybody in that space. On the industrial side, we do tend to probably see things maybe a tad quicker than other people but we're giving you what we see right now and that's all we can do. The order entry in the prior quarter given the fact that our backlog is four to six weeks typically in the industrial piece is what you're going to yield out in the next quarter. I still believe and as you've heard me talk about before that I still think this is a great industrial environment. I do think though that some of the uncertainties weighed on order demand, and I do think they'll resolve. Since our fiscal year ends June 30, I'm not sure they're going to resolve in time to influence our second half. Remember we're guiding only for our second half or our full year, which ends June 30 versus everybody else is guiding to a full year calendar 2019. So that's how I would describe it.
Tom Williams: And then Jamie, this is Tom. I'll take the market question there. Again, I would just go back to we're constantly preparing for any softness by just having the best cost structure we possibly can, but we will make market adjustments. We're not seeing anything, yet that would warrant a change in our restructuring profile. We have a lot of levers you can pull that don't trigger that like reduction of temporary workforce, overtime reduction those type of things, recognizing that we have probably around 8% of our workforce total company that is temporary people. So, there's a number of levers we can move that won't trigger a restructuring change.
Tom Williams: David, it’s Tom. As you might expect I won't get into FY 2020. But I think orders are going to be reflective of what I imagine that organic guide that I gave you for the second half meaning that a little less than 1% total company; North America up plus 1; International about minus 0.5; and Aerospace with 2.5. So I think orders will mimic that. Obviously Aerospace orders are longer cycle lumpier so they may not look exactly like that. But I think the industrial pieces will mirror that organic guide that I gave you. And as far as below the line why don't you follow-up with that question.
Tom Williams: Yes. Again I would frac it with a little bit of a range. It's really hard to pinpoint this stuff. But I mean the numbers I gave you is our best estimate at this point based on the current order entry.
Tom Williams: Well it would be -- all the things -- Joel this is Tom. All the things that we've had in the Win Strategy all along in that infamous walk we've got that shows you where we were in FY 2018 at the IR Day to the 19%. And if I would just tell you the major ingredients without going through the numbers the CLARCOR synergy's a big part of it. All simplification program, which we didn't talk about is still early days. The whole 80-20 look at our revenue complexity is a big deal. We're down to 80 visions now 122 to 80 divisions. So 80 8-0 we continue to work that. But I would tell you that the revenue complexity side is a bigger deal. Productivity, we have a lot of things we're doing on kaizen. We're combining lean and kaizen and some strategic CapEx investments we're making around automation those will continue to yield. We've done a great job in supply chain and we've been able to optimize the supply chain in a much more efficient way than I think maybe historically which we're pretty pleased with that. And we'll continue to leverage a fair amount of our spend that I think has not had as much visibility all indirect cost side of things. And then, we're going to continue to have margin enhancements around change in the mix and distribution the innovation pipeline those type of things. So I think you all know us well enough. We wouldn't put out a number. Even though it was five years ago we don't think we had a roadmap to get there. So we believe in our roadmap. But I would just again emphasize that, it's not the final destination. And we got to 17% early. I'm not saying we'll get to 19% early, but our confidence is there.
Lee Banks: Okay, Ann. What I thought I would do if you don't mind is first just some color on Aerospace. I mean we were absolutely pleased with the performance in Aerospace strong organic growth. And I just thought I'd give you some color by the segments in Aerospace. So commercial OEM for us was up 11% in Q2 and we're guiding at the midpoint for 5% for the full year. Military OEM up 24% in Q2 and a guide to 14% for the full year. Commercial MRO up 8%, a guide to 4% for the full year. And military MRO was a strong 9% in Q2 and a 3% guide for the full year. So these full year guides obviously some of this stuff is very lumpy and then there's tougher comps but that's our latest thinking right now. So we're guiding to 5.7% organic growth at the midpoint for Aerospace. On the industrial side of the business what we did is just kind of look at this we took all our markets in Q2 how we saw them. And this is pretty consistent with Tom's comments how we're projecting them going forward. But we kind of put these markets in three buckets: growing and still stable growing, but moderating from Q1 and then soft to negative that we saw in Q2 and really was a carryover from Q1. Just reading through some of these markets that are still positive: Refrigeration is doing well. Telecom life sciences construction markets heavy-duty truck and North America and Europe fantastic build rates still. The one area that is down significantly is in Asia China specifically and I'll comment on that later. Agriculture lawn and turf forestry material handling and I just talked about Aerospace. Moderating from Q1 and Q2 was distribution mostly North America; oil and gas mostly land-based oil and gas; and then general industrial and mining. And what we would consider soft or you could say negative and there's four of these that we would kind of put in the trade-related bucket. Mills and foundries which is -- impacts China significantly. Automotive machine tools tires and rubber. And then there's four key markets that have been flat since Q1. Power gen, it hasn't gotten worse it's stable so I think we're bouncing along the bottom there. Semiconductor microelectronics if you will has gotten worse in Q2. Rail is stable and Marina is stable at a low level. I'll just comment quickly on the regions. I think in North America we're still pretty bullish. Our distributor base is bullish. I'd say the only moderation we saw was really distribution that serves kind of the microelectronics markets and land-based oil and gas. It definitely took a step back. And I would say that clearly there were some rebalancing of inventory from some of our channel partners in North America in Q2. On EMEA, you've got Turkey, Brexit tariffs and yellow jackets and they've put a lot of pressure on a lot of different areas. We're expecting slightly negative growth for the second half although we did see some rebounding in offshore North Sea oil and gas which was nice. And we -- continued headwinds in the machinery markets mostly around Germany. And then, Asia, two great years strong comps as we talked about. I'd say overall Asia we're -- as Tom mentioned we're forecasting to be flat in the second half. So by and large we're very encouraged. As Tom mentioned, there are some pressure on some markets, but I don't get a sense everywhere that there's going to be some precipitous pullback. I just think we're in a kind of a pause, or slow growth area right now. So I'm going to stop. I just gave you a lot and go from there.
Lee Banks: It definitely pulled back North America. I would not say overall. I would say, those areas a little bit of re-bouncing across the channel and those areas are around land-based oil and gas pullback. But that's just off the hip, right? I don't think so. I don't think the most would be a wrong way to characterize it.
Lee Banks: Yes. Nathan, it's really hard for me to have a gauge through the OEM channel. But my feeling through the distribution channel is the rebalancing that took place is by and large done. I think there's real pull on demand that's taking place. And so, I don't feel like there's more pullback coming, given current market conditions right now.
Lee Banks: Andrew, it's Lee. As you know, I mean, we're constantly measuring our input costs using our PPI metric and using our -- and seeing what's happening with inflation. There's certainly been a lot of inflation in this cycle some driven just by pure commodity pricing, some driven the extra things like tariffs, et cetera. So I think what you're seeing is just the ability to probably cover some of those input costs that are maybe a little different than past cycles.
Lee Banks: You mean for it to stick? Andrew, I think I lost you there. But I would just finish by saying that we were in a very rapid growth environment. I think supplier was paramount for everybody. And I think there's just strong brand recognition with Parker's brand throughout the channel. So not sure I get…
Lee Banks: No, I would just say on price cost David the way we track this in our -- our goal is just to be margin-neutral as we go through these.
David Raso: Hi, Good morning. Obviously, an important time for the stock and the company here in the sense of trying to show the evolution how does Parker handle a slowdown differently than in the past. And I mean this quarter obviously we're able to show weaker orders weaker organics still able to raise the guide do a good job in the quarter. But just can you help frame a little bit thinking about really not that far away from six months from now fiscal 2020 Guide; we can all make our topline assumptions. But can you help us with -- when you look at the order patterns what you're seeing right now as you know North America -- if you look at the comparisons and you double stack them, right, the actual North American comp gets a little harder and then it begins to ease. The international order comps start to ease from here. Can you help us level set again I know you're not going to give us fiscal 2020 guide right now but should we be thinking the order rates in North America and International are both negative in the current calendar 1Q? And then I'd like to follow up with a question on kind of cost side items or below the line items as well to think about puts and takes '20 versus 2019.
David Raso: Sure. And just to be clear on your answer so it doesn't sound like you see the North American orders -- I'm not going to try to hold you to 100 200 bps here, but it doesn't sound like you see North American orders going maybe negative at all let alone any materiality. And then international orders it sounds like you also don't think that would get any worse from here. Is that a fair characterization of your answer? Just seeing what you're saying out there and knowing the comps.
David Raso: And then on the year-over-year benefits. I know you're not going to quantify them. Just if you can help us a little bit. You're obviously going to have the share count help. The full year benefit of the plant closures and some of the approved -- improved efficiencies and I would suspect and we can debate the cost structure materials. But you would think that for price cost maybe it even gets better as we look into the moment you have to give a guide on 2020? Can you help us a little bit maybe even prioritize for us is the biggest benefit, the plant closure efficiencies having that for a full year? Obviously, repo versus M&A the next six months we can debate it, but it sounds like you have a nice share count health. Can you just kind of frame the puts and takes for us on those cost items and below the line items? And obviously, any other help you have on tax or anything would be great, just things that you see as of today.
