Todd Leombruno: Thank you, Diego. Welcome to Parker's Fiscal Year 2024 First Quarter Earnings Release Webcast. As Diego said, this is Todd Leombruno, Chief Financial Officer, speaking. Thank you to everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Jenny Parmentier, our Chief Executive Officer; and Lee Banks, our Vice Chairman and President.  Our comments today will be addressing forward projections and non-GAAP financial measures. Slide 2 of this presentation provide specific details to our disclosures in respect to these areas. Actual results could vary from our projections based on the items listed here.  Our press release, this presentation and reconciliations for all non-GAAP measures were released this morning and are available under the Investors section at parker.com. And they will remain available there for 1 year.  Today, Jenny is going to start with some highlights of our outstanding first quarter. She will also reiterate how our portfolio transformation, along with strong aerospace secular trends, position Parker for a promising future. I will then provide some financial details on the quarter and detail our increase to our fiscal year '24 guidance. Jenny is going to wrap up. And then Jenny, Lee and I will take as many questions as we could fit in the hour.  And with that, I would ask you to move to Slide 3. And Jenny, I'll hand it over to you.
Todd Leombruno: Andrew, I'll take a stab at that and then if Jenny or Lee's got some color, I'll let them add. Q2 for us has obviously got some seasonality in it. It is our lowest volume quarter of the year. But really, I would call out just a stellar performance in Q1.  Every number that we talked about was a record. It's kind of hard to keep that going into your lowest volume quarter. You're right, we do anniversary Meggitt. So that from a year-over-year standpoint, it's now in the base or will be in the base for Q2. So that is it. But there's no other onetime items that are abnormal that we would expect to see in Q2. It's really just volume and seasonality around the business.
Todd Leombruno: Mig, this is Todd. On the guidance raise, you obviously can see the orders. Activity across all of those platforms has been extremely strong. Aftermarket was a big standout in the quarter. That was a big driver of the growth, and it was a big driver of the margin performance.  So we just feel a little bit more confident with another quarter in there that we feel that we're able to raise that. So we moved to 200 basis points from 8 to 10 for the full year, and we feel pretty confident about that.  I don't want to make a big deal about those things. I said they were small and minor, those onetime items. I just wanted to call it out so that it would make a little bit more sense if you look at our margin guide going forward for the rest of the year. So it's little of that.
Todd Leombruno: Yes, David, I agree with you. Europe did outperform in the first quarter. I think we called that derivative plus 2. The total company did plus 2. Obviously, aerospace was fantastic at 16.  If you look at the cadence, it's really not that much different than what we guided to initially, is not second half-weighted. We expect comps to kind of moderate a little bit.  But if you look at Europe specifically, they did 2 in Q1. We're expecting about 1 in Q2, and then it goes -- turns a little bit negative just again based on comps in the second half. I would say for the second half, it's probably about minus 3.
Todd Leombruno: No, Jeff, it really is a combination of -- obviously, the volumes have helped on the efficiency side, but Jenny has mentioned supply chain has eased. I think that has taken a lot of noise out of a lot of our operations. It's not totally gone yet, but if you look back to a year or 1.5 years ago, it is a lot more efficiencies that we're seeing across all businesses.
Todd Leombruno: Yes, Julian, I would just add. Lee brought this up earlier, but you think about the North America portfolio, that does include LORD. That does include the CLARCOR businesses. There's a significant amount of aftermarket that we benefit from in the North America business, and I think that's helped offsetting some of these larger OEM callouts.
Todd Leombruno: Brett, I wanted to just touch on that restructuring comment. There's been no change to our restructuring plans for the fiscal year. We do this all the time. This is not something that we wait for.  I think we have $70 million of restructuring costs in the guide for the year. And that's the beauty of the decentralization of all the markets. Our businesses are doing what they need to do depending on what's happening in their businesses all around the world.  So we're not waiting for any kind of high sign to do restructuring. We constantly do that. To Jenny's point, it's part of The Win Strategy, and it's part of what we do every day.
Todd Leombruno: Nathan, too, we've said this a couple of times, but we've never had as high a percentage of aerospace exposure across the whole portfolio. So it's over 30% of the portfolio, and that part of the business is extremely strong right now. So we're benefiting from that as well.
Todd Leombruno: Nathan, we couldn't be more happy with the way that business is performing. It still is early days. We just had the 1-year anniversary. Growth is robust. The margin performance has been good. And if you remember, we had a 3-year plan here on synergies and our focus is executing that. It's kind of performing better than our expectations. So we're happy with it.
Todd Leombruno: Excuse me, industrial. I think you're about right on the number that you're talking about. And again, Jenny and Lee have talked about this. We think it's really just kind of more rebalancing, nothing overly concerning at this point in the cycle yet.  I can't say that we're seeing anything more lumpiness from the industrial orders. There are some project-based things in there, but it's nothing significant in comparison to the total.
Todd Leombruno: The only thing we did for FX was updated the currency rates to September 30. So there's a little bit of a headwind on the sales line. That translates throughout the P&L, but it's really just an update, [indiscernible] major.
Todd Leombruno: Lee, you're definitely going to see us around. Congratulations to you and Elizabeth and your whole family. I know they're going to enjoy more Lee time. And we are going to miss you. So congratulations again.  Thank you to everyone for joining us today. This does conclude our FY '24 Q1 webcast. As usual, Jeff Miller, our VP of Investor Relations; and Yan Huo, our Director of Investor Relations, will be available if anyone needs any kind of follow-ups. Thank you all for joining, and everyone, have a great day. Thanks.
Jennifer Parmentier: Thank you, Todd. Good morning to everyone, and thank you for joining our call today. Q1 was a standout quarter, driven by a strong portfolio and our teams executing The Win Strategy.  Starting with safety, a 16% reduction in recordable incidents. Safety has been and will remain our top priority. Record sales of $4.8 billion in the quarter, a 15% increase over prior year with organic growth of 2.3%. Record adjusted segment operating margin of 24.9%, a 220 basis point increase over prior year with all segments coming in above 24% and 26% adjusted EPS growth along with 11.4% free cash flow margin.  The combination of Parker and Meggitt delivered an outstanding quarter for aerospace and a strong start to the year. As a result of this performance, we are increasing our FY '24 guidance, and Todd will go over this later in the slide deck.  Next slide, please. Many of you have seen this slide before. The transformation of our portfolio over the last 8 years has doubled the size of aerospace, filtration and engineered materials. As a result of this, from FY '15 to FY '24 guidance, you can see the obvious shift to a longer cycle and secular revenue mix. We have high confidence that by fiscal year '27, we'll have approximately 85% of the company in long cycle end markets and industrial aftermarket.  Next slide, please. The mix shift that I just spoke of is evident in our strong backlog. For total Parker, backlog remains resilient. Coverage has doubled from 27% in fiscal year '16 to 54% today, and this has been consistent for the last several quarters.  Aerospace backlog is extremely robust. This coverage will support high single-digit growth well into the future. Industrial backlog coverage continues to be 2x what it was in the past, from mid-teens to low 30s. We now have longer-term visibility from the portfolio changing acquisitions with secular and longer-cycle exposure.  Next slide, please. We have transformed the portfolio, and we have strong backlog. Let me remind you of the future sales growth drivers. The Win Strategy is our business system that delivers growth and financial performance. It is a proven strategy, and every tool in this system expands margins.  Macro CapEx reinvestment is addressing the last decade of underinvestment as well as investments to strengthen and develop the supply chain. This will result in increased equipment spend and higher levels of automation.  Under innovation, our new product blueprinting tools and Simple by Design principles have increased our product vitality index, that is the percent of sales from new products, enabling faster growth and support of the secular trends. And as mentioned on the previous slide, the acquisitions we have made are great companies with higher growth rates, aftermarket and accretive margins.  We continue to benefit from the growth related to the secular trends. As previously stated, we expect multiple years of solid growth in aerospace, driven by both commercial and defense. And no matter what the energy source is, from diesel to electric to hybrid, the primary Parker content that we have today increases 1.5 to 2x with electrification.  With 2/3 of our portfolio supporting clean technologies, we are well positioned today, even better for tomorrow, and we are truly energy-agnostic. Again, all of this is giving us high confidence to grow differently than we have in the past and achieve our 4% to 6% organic growth over the cycle.  Next slide, please. Now 30% of our business, aerospace is a growth differentiator for Parker. And Parker and Meggitt are a powerful combination. This team has embraced The Win Strategy and is exceeding our expectations. We couldn't be happier with this acquisition.  Next slide, please. From nose to tail, we have a comprehensive portfolio of products and services. Parker has a broad product offering for both airframe and engine applications. Meggitt brought new product and system areas, including braking, fire detection and suppression, thermal management, avionics and sensors and electric power. This breadth of technologies is enabling a more strategic relationship and discussions with our customers, both OEM and aftermarket.  Next slide, please. This slide highlights the favorable aerospace secular trend we are experiencing now and will into the future. Taking a look at the sales mix at the top of the page, we are now 45% aftermarket, an 800 basis point increase with the acquisition of Meggitt. And we have a balanced portfolio with strong growth drivers in each of these 4 areas.  At the bottom of the page are the macro growth drivers. On the commercial side, we are expecting double-digit growth in aircraft deliveries and air traffic. On the military side, the Department of Defense budget increases. And our military aftermarket partnerships will drive mid- and long-term growth, a very promising future for aerospace.  I'll now turn it over to Todd to go through the summary of our Q1 results.
Jennifer Parmentier: Thank you, Todd. And now I would like to recognize our colleague and friend, Lee Banks, during his last quarter earnings call. Lee will be retiring as Vice Chairman and President effective December 31, 2023. He joined Parker in 1991, has been an officer of the company since 2006 and a director since 2015.  During Lee's tenure, sales grew at a 7% CAGR to nearly $20 billion. EPS grew from $0.36 per share in fiscal year '91 to $21.55 adjusted per share in fiscal year '23. Since 2015, total shareholder return was 292% versus S&P 500 industrial sector of 80%.  As if all of this isn't enough, I'd like to repeat a few of my comments from last week's shareholder meeting when we announced Lee's retirement. It's obviously not possible to overstate the tremendous positive impact Lee has had on our company, our businesses and our team members around the world.  His legacy and track record is nothing short of extraordinary. From leading our largest businesses to growing our global distribution network to championing and driving operational excellence to co-creating the recent versions of The Win Strategy and probably most importantly and what he's proud of is to recruiting, leading and developing many of our most talented leaders and beyond, Lee's set the bar for us for what good looks like and was a key leader in the transformation of Parker's performance and portfolio.  Lee, on behalf of all of us, we can't thank you enough. We will miss you. And we wish you and your family nothing but great health and happiness in your retirement.
Jennifer Parmentier: All right. Next slide, please. A few key messages to close this out before Q&A. Q1 was a great start to fiscal year '24. Our focus on safety and engagement will continue to drive positive results in our business.  We have a proven track record, and we're going to continue to accelerate our performance with The Win Strategy 3.0. It's been a successful first year with Meggitt. And the transformation of the portfolio is delivering a longer cycle and more resilient revenue mix, allowing us to achieve our FY '27 goals and continue to be great generators and deployers of cash. We have a very promising future ahead of us.  Back to you, Todd.
Jennifer Parmentier: Just to echo Lee's comments to Andrew's question and yours, I think with this backlog as strong as it is, although that we see this destocking continuing, we see a bit of supply chain normalizing, and that's helping things. And as that heals, we'll start to see, I think, a bit of a better environment. But just echo all Lee's comments.
Jennifer Parmentier: Absolutely. I mean, when you think about, as I mentioned earlier, the underinvestment that's happened in the last decade and what will happen a decade, I mean, we are in a great position to participate. We've said a couple of times, it's still early days. But in speaking with some of our channel partners, where there's some factories going in for semicon and some of these other big projects, they're starting to participate in that.  We've said we're there when the land is prepped, when the walls go up and when the equipment goes inside the factory. And some of our distributors have been able to talk to us about how they're already enjoying that business. So we're in a really good position with those as well as the secular trends that I mentioned earlier.
Jennifer Parmentier: Mig, this is Jenny. I think it's all the things you mentioned. But as Lee just stated, with the acquisitions that we've made, we're getting longer cycle business here.  So we see a longer demand sense, a longer demand horizon than we've seen in the past. So the transformation of the portfolio is definitely impacting the backlog.  And I do think that what we've been through the last couple of years, of course, you're going to see some people just kind of sharpening their pencils on how they order and making sure that they have the right lead times out there. So I think that's part of it.  But more of it is really about the shift of our portfolio. I've said many times, we know from the past that backlog isn't bulletproof. But we've seen this now for the last several quarters in a declining order environment.  In North America, orders have been negative for quarters, but this backlog has remained resilient. And we believe that while it might go down a little bit, our portfolio is going to drive us to have this kind of backlog going forward.
Jennifer Parmentier: And just a little more color on aerospace. Like Todd said, very strong aftermarket, commercial and military. And if we look forward in this guidance, we've said it a couple of times already, but just to look at each 4 of these -- each of these areas, commercial OEM is in the mid-teens. And those narrow-body rate increases, they've happened, and we see that they're going to continue to do so.  Commercial MRO is in the mid-teens. The narrow-body aircraft are almost at pre-pandemic levels. There's a lot of engine repair and component restocking going on. So very positive there.  And then military OEM, mid-single-digit as demand for legacy programs continue. And then military MRO, mid- to high single digit. Near term, we have tailwind with some of our Department of Defense repair depots. We continue to really enjoy public-private partnerships. They're growing. And there's fleet [indiscernible] and service extension. So just all in all, just a great environment across all 4 of these areas.
Jennifer Parmentier: David, this is Jenny. I don't think any of us really have that good of a crystal ball. But I will restate that the backlog is strong. And as you said, orders were at negative 8, and they went to negative 4. So we feel good about that.  There's some uncertainty out there. And all in all, if you look at North America, we have the first half slightly lower at about 1%, but full year, mostly unchanged, it's slightly positive. So I can't give you an exact answer on that, but we feel good about where we're at right now.
Jennifer Parmentier: Yes, it's the latter. We -- these illustrations are with the portfolio that we have today and the tailwind that we see not just from aerospace but from the macro CapEx investment and the secular trends.
Jennifer Parmentier: So if you recall, we went out early and often with price. And we are now back to more of a what we would call a normal pricing environment where we are going out in July and January. So we don't disclose the specifics, obviously, but price/cost management is a core element of The Win Strategy.  And what we did do is we expanded from just material inflation to total cost of inflation. So we feel good about what we have covered, and we're back to more of a normal environment.
Jennifer Parmentier: Where we have some of those commodities index, which is very few, there's adjustments. And where we have agreements with customers, there's adjustments, but that's already built in.
Jennifer Parmentier: So if you recall, in fiscal year '23, we increased the synergies from $60 million to $75 million. And then we committed to another $75 million in fiscal year '24.  So as Todd mentioned, the synergies are in there. The team is doing a great job. We're committed to the $300 million, and we're just confident we're going to get there. A lot of -- as Todd mentioned, too, strong aftermarket, right? That is just a very favorable mix, really helped boost the margin in the quarter.
Jennifer Parmentier: Well, Julian, orders, like you said, it's been choppy for a while. In international, Q1 organic growth was in line with our prior forecast at segment level.  As Lee mentioned, in Europe, destocking continues, softness in some broad-based end markets. Low recovery in China is impacting that region. And there's Eurozone macroeconomic indicators that remain in contraction territory.  So I would say, hard to tell there. But two, again, China, if you look at Asia Pacific, China recovery remains slow. There's continued softness in construction in semicon and automotive.  As we mentioned earlier, there is a bit of a tough comp for last year Q1 because they were rebounding from the Q4 shutdown. So in the guide, no big change for the first half, and the full year is largely in line with previous guidance, so at about negative 3%. This is the best view we have today.
Jennifer Parmentier: So as Lee mentioned, there's a certain amount of rebalancing going on there as well as dealers are starting to get some inventory. But it kind of goes in line with the constant analysis we do on the backlog to make sure that there are no pushouts, there are no cancellations.  And in discussion with some of our big OE mobile customers, they are adamant that the orders, the backlog are real. And some have even commented that if they happen to get a cancellation from one customer, they have another customer who will take that slot right away.  So we still feel pretty positive about that. But again, as -- if the supply chain is improving, it's helping us. So I think we're in a pretty good position there.
Jennifer Parmentier: Yes. Well, I think as we've gone through the regions, what we've talked about here is that first, again, backlog coverage remains strong. Destocking is continuing. We probably saw a little more of that in North America in Q1 than we had anticipated, and it's continuing.  But as Lee pointed out, the overall channel sentiment is very positive. As I was just mentioning before, international, too, I mean, the backlog is strong, too, there. But the orders have been choppy. So to try and say where that's going to wind up in the next quarter or 2, we'll have a better update for you in February.  But as Lee mentioned, this is -- and international is really a story about China recovery remaining slow and the impact that it has on -- and on Europe. So continued softness there in industrial markets, and destocking is continuing.
Jennifer Parmentier: Well, our CapEx goal has increased from 1.5% to 2%. We were at 2%, a little bit above in fiscal year '23. And we're forecasting 2% for fiscal year '24. It's a pretty big increase from our 10-year average. And our focus is on safety, automation, robotics, some AI tools on AI-driven inspection, so things that are really going to help us increase our efficiency and our productivity.  We're investing in the supply chain. And then we're investing in specific divisions where we have -- we need to support secular growth. So, for instance, electrification projects with our customers.  So when we look at this, the investing in the supply chain is something that we think will help us well into the future and make sure that we have not only those local-for-local strategy is intact, but dual sourcing strategies. And so that investment, we expect that to pay dividends well into the future.
Jennifer Parmentier: Yes. So we always say that we're planning for the next recession, right? So what is evident with our Q1 performance is that executing The Win Strategy in a slower-growth environment works, right? So every tool, and I say this because I've used The Win Strategy to run Parker divisions and Parker groups. Every tool in that Win Strategy helps to expand margins.  So it can be anywhere from adjusting your discretionary spending, changing the way you staff the operation to how you order material for your production. So there's a lot of levers that our general managers can pull. And they become very agile and flexible. And they have learned how to look around corners and see demand changes coming. So we're very proud of what they do on the downside as well as the upside to make sure that we get the best return.
Jennifer Parmentier: Well, I'll start off just by saying that I think as evidenced by past performance, we're able to handle these downturns, and we just weather them better each time, right? So with the transformation of the portfolio, again, I think we're going to continue to see a longer cycle view of the backlog, and we're going to be less susceptible to the dips.  So I think we're just in a really good position going forward to be able to achieve our organic growth targets and really perform at a higher level. We're going to keep expanding margins in a slower-growth environment and be very well positioned for when some of this returns on the industrial side.
Lee Banks: Andrew, it's Lee. I'll take this. So maybe I'll just take a step back. I think all the reports that I've read, I think the narrative is right. If you look at it globally, and I'll get into North America here in a second, but underlying demand in North America is still fairly positive.  There is definitely some inventory balancing taking place, not only through the distribution channel, but I would also argue at OEM levels, too, with their customers, dealership, dealers, et cetera. And I think that's going to continue to play out through the second half of this -- into calendar 2024.  But there's a lot of -- I mean, you just look at all the infrastructure spending taking place, there's been a lot of money flooded in the economy in North America. And I would still say it's good.  When you look at the rest of the world, really, the story is China. China, not only tough comps, but it just hasn't rebounded like I thought it would have rebounded maybe 3 or 4 quarters ago. And it's got -- it's probably got a bigger impact on what's happening in Europe right now, especially in Germany would be a key market. So that's soft.  If I look at the rest of Asia, the rest of Asia, Southeast Asia, India are still strong. But if you look at Japan and Korea, they're pretty soft, too, I think, tied to China.  When I think about the North American markets, and I'll lump aerospace in there, I mean, you can't find any weakness. What's going on in aerospace, commercial, military, OEM, MRO, all really strong. And I don't see that stopping for some time. If you look at those 3 indicators that Jenny talked about, you're hard-pressed to find a time in history where you've had all those 3 indicators, available seat kilometers, DoD spend and then aircraft coming into service where they've all lined up that well.  Land-based oil and gas in North America is still really strong. There's less rig count, but there's a lot of MRO activity taking place that's keeping people busy.  And again, our distribution, if you look at all the end markets, yes, they [indiscernible] on inventory, but things are not falling off a cliff. It's still real good. So the short way telling you, I feel pretty positive about North America end markets. We just got a little bit of a balancing taking place right now.
Lee Banks: I'll take a stab at this, and maybe I'll let Jenny and Todd pile on. But I think in North America, you've got things like automotive are somewhat flat; heavy-duty trucks, flat; agriculture is flat. Construction in North America is really kind of flat for the most part.  Again, I think there's some dealer inventory that people are working through. But it's still good overall demand there. I think things that were tied to COVID production, life sciences, there's still some big overhang from the ramp-up we had during that period of time. So that's just tough comps, and the demand is down a little bit. Yes, I'll leave it -- material handling is still really strong.
Lee Banks: One other thing I meant to say when I was talking, Joe, is I think what everybody forgets about, everybody is focused on aerospace and Meggitt, which have been huge positives. But don't forget about that we bought LORD and we bought CLARCOR. And we bought those to kind of -- we knew they would not be as cyclical as the core legacy Parker business. And I think you're seeing that in the numbers. It's panning out that way to be true.
Lee Banks: Yes, Scott, it's Lee. I would think it's the latter. The cost of carrying inventory is way up from what it's been. I think the insanity of supply chains has started to quiet down. So I don't expect there to be a huge difference as we go forward about how some of those core industrial products are inventory versus what they were before pre-COVID.
Lee Banks: I think we're almost at the end. I'm going to pass it back to Todd. This is Lee. I just want to say thank you for all the nice callouts from everybody. It's 32 years. It's been a long run.  During that 32 years, I've worked for 4 CEOs, 3 of them directly. Every CEO has taken the baton from their predecessor and run the race faster. And I've got no doubt in my mind that Jenny and this team is going to do the same thing. So thank you, and hopefully, we'll see you around.
