Cathy Suever: Thank you, Chelsea. Good morning and welcome to Parker Hannifin’s second quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams and President and Chief Operating Officer, Lee Banks. Today’s presentation slides, together with the audio webcast replay, will be accessible on the company’s investor information website at phstock.com for 1 year following today’s call. On Slide #2, you will find the company’s Safe Harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements as well as non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations or any reference to non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning’s press release and are posted on Parker’s website at phstock.com. Today’s agenda appears on Slide #3. To begin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams, will provide highlights for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. Following Tom’s comments, I will provide a review of the company’s second quarter fiscal year ‘17 performance, together with the guidance for fiscal year ‘17. Tom will provide a few summary comments, and then we will open the call for a question-and-answer session. This time, I will turn it over to Tom and ask that you refer to Slide #4.
Cathy Suever: Yes, Jeff. The corporate expense has been impacted a little by a market-based incentive plan that we have. But I would say, in addition to that, we have done some realignment and movements to reduce some of the fixed costs at corporate and you are seeing the benefit of that as well.
Cathy Suever: Yes. Ann, I will take that. We are focused on issuing debt. We think it’s a good time to be in the market at today’s rates. Yes, we understand that there could be some changes in rules around interest expense, but at this point, we do not plan to issue any equity. The agreement we have with CLARCOR, that it’s a cash deal.
Cathy Suever: Yes. Ann, we are not really prepared to update from what we told you on December 1, but that’s you are in line there, after excluding the one-off costs of the transaction fees, the inventory market valuation and the synergy costs. But yes, we do expect to see it accretive in year one.
Cathy Suever: Nathan, a lot of the beat we saw in the second quarter margins came from international. And as Tom described, a lot of that was driven by the performance in Asia Pacific. As we look at the guidance we are giving for the rest of the year, some of that gain shifts into North America doing better than we had previously thought. And that comes from the simplification efforts that we see coming through and the realignment and the lowering of fixed costs. On the other end, we are not promising as much from international as the currency headwind and just a little bit of doubt in what is going to happen with orders in Europe. We are being a little bit more conservative on the – for international.
Cathy Suever: Yes. Nathan, we are using 1.05 as we measure the second half. That’s what we had as of the quarter ending December. So yes, 1.08 would have some impact, which we have not built in.
Cathy Suever: Yes. Eli, we have not forecasted any additional currency gains. We have flat for currency in terms of transactional gains or losses. And in terms of the prior question...
Cathy Suever: Sorry, about the tax rate. We are getting a benefit this year from the new accounting rule related to stock options that get exercised at a gain. We have not forecasted for that going forward because we really can’t predict who will exercise and that what gain. And so we have not built any of that in. So I would assume that the tax rate would not stay as low as the 27.5 that we are forecasting for this year. I would expect it to go back up.
Cathy Suever: So I will start with the bizjet. I think part of the bizjet will come back when oil and gas comes back and there is just more demand for it. In terms of the widebody production, yes, we have just – we haven’t seen the level of delivery requests for the 777 and the 747. And we really don’t expect that coming forward until the 777x comes into production. So the widebody just does not come through at the demands that we had hoped.
Cathy Suever: Yes. We are expecting organic growth in the second half of a little over 3%. I would say, for the longer term, as Aerospace orders tend to be, we are looking at about a 3% organic growth over the next several years. We still, long-term expect as new planes come into entry into service that, that will continue to grow and our long-term production remains at about a 4% growth for Aerospace.
Cathy Suever: Yes. Josh, we have been watching the interest rates very closely. We are still on the path of using about $1.5 billion of our cash available and $3 billion of new debt. That new debt will be a combination of short-term and long-term. As we are watching the rates, we do have the capability of use – pulling a bridge loan from Morgan Stanley and we also have plenty of room in our commercial paper. So we will watch the market and we will take an opportunistic opportunity to jump in, in both short-term and long-term debt when we see it best available for us.
Cathy Suever: Okay, thank you. So this concludes our Q&A session and our earnings call for today. Thank you everybody for joining us. Robin and Ryan will be available throughout the day to take your calls should you have further questions. Thank you everybody and have a great day.
Tom Williams: Thanks, Cathy and I am glad we were able to continue our progress through 2017 with a very strong second quarter. I would like to thank Parker team members around the world for their dedicated efforts. We have made meaningful progress with initiatives designed to improve margins, but we have also taken decisive actions to strengthen and sustain our business for the long-term and create value for our shareholders. All signs point to an improving second half of fiscal 2017 and we are positioned for even greater success under the framework provided by the Win Strategy as we go into the future. I would also like to point out that Parker-Hannifin celebrates its 100th year anniversary this year. We are very proud of the efforts put forth by all who have come before us and the achievements we have made throughout our long history. Today, as the global leader in motion control technologies, we are focused on engineering the success of our stakeholders as we work in partnership with our customers to solve the world’s greatest engineering challenges. With the actions and investments we are taking today, we are ensuring a bright future for Parker as we enter our second century. And with that, at this time, we are ready to take questions. So Chelsea, if you want to go ahead and get us started.
Tom Williams: Okay, Jeff. This is Tom. I will take the margin side and I will have Cathy cover the corporate expenses. But the margins is really a holistic impact that we have seen with the Win Strategy and the changes we have made to the Win Strategy. I would say we made, clearly, market adjustments. When we saw the market turn down, we restructured the company. But we have also done a strategic restructuring that focused combination of footprint and SG&A and that combination has dramatically lowered our fixed cost structure of the company. I think probably the best way to visualize that for people is the line we have put in the annual report this year, but we went from 59,000 people on the team, going back probably about 4 years ago, to 48,000 people. And we have done that through a variety of initiatives, responding to the market, looking at footprint, looking at SG&A and in general trying to make the company simpler, faster, easier to do business with, with our customers. And ultimately, that’s what’s driving the margin enhancements that you see. The part that I am very encouraged by is that we are in very early days of this whole journey. We continue to find more upside and more positives as we work through this simplification program. In particular, it’s got lots of upside. And we are excited as orders are starting to turn, we will get to leverage that lower fixed cost and generate even better margins. But I will let Cathy take the corporate expense question.
Tom Williams: Maybe I will start with orders. And then since I know this is a popular question, I will just hand it to Lee to go through the markets kind of by region, because everybody, I’m sure, has questions about that. But in North America, the order pattern followed exactly what we had anticipated when we laid out the guidance last quarter. We expected that it get to flat this quarter and it did. In general, what’s enabling that is that the natural resource end markets kind of oil and gas, mining, construction and ag have moderated to where they have become less of a drag. We saw North America distribution go to flat, which being a big part of our total revenue, that was a huge help. And then in particular, semicon, telecom, refrigeration, machine tools and mining were positive order entry for North America. But let me turn it over to Lee and we will kind of spin you through the markets and the regions.
Tom Williams: Ann, this is Tom. I won’t comment about any of CLARCOR’s comments as they are still an independent company. I will just make a comment in general about what we have seen so far with integration planning. It’s really confirmed the excitement that we feel about the strategic fit and the synergies that we communicated, $140 million in cost on December 1. So we feel as good or better about that today. And we really love the team that is joining in Parker. And I think the cooperation that we have seen between both companies, both leadership teams, this has been fantastic and we are ready to hit the ground running when this thing closes.
Tom Williams: Andy, it’s Tom. So for international, the big change is two-fold. One, the new guide organically is higher than what we told you before. So last guide, we have 4.4% organic sales growth for the second half. These are all second half numbers I have given you. And now it’s 6.7%. However, when you look at currency, prior guide had a slightly positive currency and now it’s a minus 5% drag. So that’s the big difference, is that a currency impact, basically is about $130 million swing from last guide to what we are guiding today. And that creates the headwind for us.
Tom Williams: The margins, I mean it’s the Win Strategy coming through. But in particular, we are leveraging – you have all heard me talk about Asia Pacific, how it’s a region that is better margin than the company average and relatively underutilized from a fixed cost and facility standpoint. So a lot of what’s propelling our growth internationally so far is Asia Pacific. So we are getting to leverage a little higher mix as Asia comes in higher margins and we are leveraging that fixed cost structure and converting it at a much faster clip because the Asia team – everybody around the world is lowering their fixed cost, when you put some extra volume through a plant that’s relatively underutilized, you get a really nice pop in margins.
Tom Williams: Andy, it’s Tom again. I would characterize the order pattern for the quarter as steady progress sequentially through the quarter. So it kept improving gradually through the quarter. And January continued and really our view, January in the quarter is all reflected in the revised guide, which popped the organic growth up 100 basis points for the second half.
Tom Williams: Okay. Nathan, it’s tom. So let me – I have got second half ‘17 to second half ‘16. All I have got, I got to compare it to the guide. I don’t know if I have them.
Tom Williams: Nathan, it’s Tom. At this point, we are not going to give you that granularity, probably won’t in the future either. Let me explain why. We will clearly give you visibility how we are tracking the $140 million, so we will give you progress updates to that number if we know that is important to all of our shareholders and to our analysts. However, the buckets and I can assure you we have very clear visibility as to what they are. However, there is some obvious sensitivity to our people and to our suppliers on how that might all play through, but we have very good granularity to that. And recognizing that as we start the integration related to full speed once we close, we are going to rely on the CLARCOR team who knows the business better than anybody to work side-by-side with us to help fine-tune what those buckets will be. But there is probably lot of reasons we won’t disclose individual buckets, but we will clearly give you everybody an update on the $140 million as we go every quarter.
Tom Williams: John, it’s Tom. So I would think if you look at us traditionally, if you look at a cycle regardless how long that cycle typically was, when we first come out, there is a pretty sharp inflection, we might be greater than 30% MROS and we come down to 30% MROS. Then you start to glide down as you are deeper into an expansion more into the upper teens, I would just say that based on what we have been able to do and we will continue to work as we will continue to see improvements that you should see our margin return on sales be better than what we have historically done over that cycle. And we are still confident like we have been communicating that we are going to get the company to 17% segment operating margins in FY ‘20.
Tom Williams: John, it’s Tom again. Nothing really got worse, but the only one that I would say was a pause was rail. Rail, in particular, in Asia as the China government really kind of took a pause in projects to reassess the activity there. But that’s the only one that I would say took a pause. We expected automotive, automotive went slightly negative, but we expected that. So that would be about the only one I would call out.
Tom Williams: Okay, Jamie. It’s Tom. I will start first as far as basically what you are asking our efforts to try to grow 150 basis points faster than the market, have we started to feel that yet. And I would say at this point, most of what we are seeing is end markets getting better, natural resource end markets becoming less of a drag, distribution moving to neutral, the PMIs trending positively across the world have all yielded better order entry patterns. However, that being said, when I look at the ones that are near-term on our list of organic growth actions, the focus we have had on international distribution and trying to convert competitive product, add distribution outlets, we have seen good traction on that. There is a lot of visibility into that across the company. And so I think that when we are starting to feel some of that, we have a very concerted effort on really just tracking opportunities across the world by account managers. We probably have our sales team better organized than we ever had around our global OEMs. We have updated our incentive plans, as all of you know, around the growth, a growth multiplier times a return on net assets. So I think all of those are starting to early traction, but I would say during the first inning of our margins to grow 150 basis points faster than the market. If we grow 3.3% in the second half, which is in our guidance, we will be growing faster than industrial production growth, so that will be our first indicator that, hey, what we are doing is starting to take hold. Now I will let Lee chime in.
Tom Williams: Yes. Jeffrey, it’s Tom. Hopefully, you are – collectively everybody listening on the call starting to get more comfortable with that because we have demonstrated our ability to hold the decrementals for like seven quarters or eight quarters in a row and what you described is likely what happened. So we now have favorable growing margins, growing operating income with flat slightly declining sales. It’s really a combination of things. We did do get some help last quarter with Asia growing like it did and leveraging that fixed cost structure that I talked about. Remember Asia, see most of our factories we invested in probably 7 years, 8 years ago and they are running the shift may be able over a shift, so any incremental volume that we put through there is nice utilization for us. But it’s a combination of things. We have made very aggressive market adjustments when ordering went down in the last 2 years and we have been very focus on strategically reshaping the company through looking at revenue complexity, division consolidations, organization design, process redesign, just making the company easier, faster. And we are still in very early days at this. I think there is tremendous upside here, which is a big part of what’s going to lift us to the 17% operating margin. So I can’t pick one particular thing. I think we were smart several years ago to get ahead of this, what the restructuring we did and we have continued that. And we have layered on top of that the most strategic look at the company, looking at the SG&A for the company. Our fixed costs were down and so it’s easier to convert when we have quarter entry showing positive volume increase.
Tom Williams: Yes, absolutely. I mean because part of why new products are a big part of two things; one, our organic growth as well as margin expansion because if you look at our profile of margins for new products, they are tend to be higher than the average margin for the company. So they will be incremental for both of that. There is a big focus on that across the company. We have got a dashboard that looks at what our new product vitality is and how we are doing. I think it’s been somewhat camouflaged with the end market deterioration that we saw in the dramatic downturn of natural resources. But there is a lot of activity there and we are making investments from a corporate standpoint at the group level and division that’s in there today. And I think that’s – when we talk about growing faster than the market, that will be a big element of it.
Tom Williams: Yes. Eli, we have got 0.5% for North America. Really, what we tried to mirror in this guide is what happened in Q2 on order entry and what we saw on January and North America came in flat and we are anticipating a little bit of upside there. Hence, we put 0.5% of organic and most of the upside we put organically was international based on that strong order entry we saw.
Tom Williams: Well, Eli, this is Tom. I think the way you describe it is probably fair. I mean I think until you see the policy discussions turning to policy, which turns into action, you can’t tell. But we do our forecast and I don’t want to say 6.7% international organic growth for the second half was conservative. I think that’s a pretty good number. And we are just reflecting what we saw order entry so far and we will update it next quarter if we see something different, but so far so good on that.
Tom Williams: Well, if we are starting to see some positives in North America, I mean obviously, there has been inventory that’s burnt off. But if you look at the rig count year-over-year, it’s on land based, it’s up significantly from the low levels that it was. I would put lead times in the kind of that same 30-day, 60-day bucket on projects that are done and the way it’s ordered. So it’s fairly short cycle, if you would characterize it that way.
Lee Banks: Okay, Jeff. You are going to get more than you asked for here. But I think first, just following up on Tom, I think what’s encouraging is the organic growth moved largely in the direction we thought from the last call. And many of our markets are showing positive momentum towards year-over-year growth as I go around the world, and I shared that with you. Just on North American distribution, I would say, in general, the mood of our major distributors is fairly positive and this is after a solid order entry during the quarter. And that trend has continued in January, which has led us to the guidance that is reflected here today. I think what’s also encouraging is I checked many of our largest distributors have reported increase in their backlog, so again, bodes well. If I talk about oil and gas on the industrial side, land-based oil and gas is showing increasing signs of growth, which is real positive. There has been obviously and you track this too, an increase in rig counts, which has led to an increase in MRO and some first bid activity. And we are seeing very small signs of recovery with offshore drilling contractors. We do expect the offshore to lag behind the land-based, but there is activity taking place there. I think the best way to sum it up, too, I was talking to one of our key partners in oil and gas, and he said, Lee, 60, 90 days ago, I would have said we see sparks, and today I am starting to see smoke. And so there is just things happening out there, which are positive. Just talking about energy markets overall, the market for large frame turbines, was flat in Q2. Our overall business was slightly up due to some market content wins. And we do continue to see positive year-over-year growth in alternative energy such as wind turbines and Parker is benefiting mostly from significant content and customers trying to take advantage of some of the federal tax credit programs that still exist. Residential air-conditioning and refrigeration, Tom talked about, we continue to see strong year-over-year growth in commercial and residential air-conditioning and we expect that to continue going forward. On the mobile markets in North America, most key customers are still showing year-over-year decline in Q2. This includes off-highway construction, farm and ag equipment material handling. But we are getting many positive inputs and preparedness requests from many of our key OEM partners. So I think that bodes well going forward. So I would call that segment. It appears that we have really formed the bottom with some upside. Just turning to EMEA and I will be brief here. On distribution, it’s still slightly negative year-over-year. However, the distribution order entry is beginning to show signs of strengthening. The order entry rates definitely improved during the quarter on a year-over-year comparison. Oil and gas is probably the biggest impact still in Europe, but it’s flattened out and we definitely see signs of strength in distribution that focuses on core industrial end markets. So, that’s positive. Just in general, industrial, I would just say positive markets like North America, we have seen a real uptick in mining and related equipment. This would be hard rock mining for iron ore, etcetera and then semiconductor and telecom are very – both very strong. Oil and gas, I talked about, still very low year-over-year, but we – it does appear the bottom has formed with the activity taking place in the North Sea. And then in the mobile markets, we do see an increased activity in forestry and off-highway construction equipment markets. In Asia Pacific, I would say it’s a very positive story and it’s really continued from the story we told last quarter. So in distribution, we are very encouraged by our focus and progress on distribution. The order entry was a positive and we continue to add new distribution outlets. In the industrial markets, almost all industrial markets are positive year-over-year and order entry continues to be strong. Strongest markets include machine tools, mining again, semiconductor is very strong, life sciences and medical equipment. And then in the mobile equipment markets, that’s probably perhaps the strongest sequential and year-over-year growth and order entry came from those markets. And those strong end markets include off-highway construction equipment engines, cars and light trucks. And then just lastly, I will touch on Latin America. We continue to be encouraged by Q2 order entry. As you know, Brazil still has its share of issues, but there are some positive things taking place in Ag, construction equipment and then distribution, all obviously from a very low base. So bottom line, organic growth continues to move in a direction we talked about. And I think we are all encouraged by what we see in many of our end markets and regions right now.
Lee Banks: John, it’s Lee. First, from a cost price standpoint, we are still slightly positive on price. So it’s something, if you followed us long enough, we try to really stay ahead of that. It’s not a pricing environment we have seen in the past, but we are still slightly positive. And I would say, on the organic growth guide, we are just trying to be as realistic as possible. I mean, it’s early days right now. So, we have kind of done this bottoms-up and with our regions and some of our key customers and that’s what we are trying reflect here.
Lee Banks: I think we can sustain it. Where we have got heavy content, usually, we have contracts in place with our end customers where the pricing is adjusted because of the raw material increase and it’s not a big portion of our business. But I think we all feel pretty comfortable about what we do internally to manage that.
Lee Banks: Yes, Jamie, you are going to have to remind me on the distribution question again. But on the preparedness question, so just dealing with some of our customers that have been suppressed for some time, we are starting to have conversations with us now looking forward. And it’s mostly towards 2018 to be candid with you, just about being prepared because they do have an anticipation, there is going to be some growth here. So it seems to be – you will walk away with the sense that things have kind of plateaued, hit a bottom, and let’s just talk about what’s going to be happening going forward.
Lee Banks: No, I would not characterize the channel as inventory heavy at all. And you know some of them that were tied to oil and gas did get stuck with some inventory. I would say, by and large, that’s not 100% gone, but it’s burned off quite a bit. So I don’t consider the channel heavy at all.
