Pamela Huggins: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone. This is Pam Huggins speaking just as Stephanie said. I’d like to welcome you to Parker Hannifin’s second quarter fiscal year 2013 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Don Washkewicz; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Marten. For those of you who wish to do so, you may follow today’s presentation with the PowerPoint slides that have been presented on Parker’s website at www.phstock.com. For those of you not online, the slides will remain posted on the company’s Investor Information website one year after today’s call. At this time, if you will reference slide number two in the slide deck, which is the Safe Harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements. And if you haven’t already done, so please take note of this statement in its entirety. This slide as required indicates that in cases where non-GAAP numbers have been used, they have been reconciled to the appropriate GAAP numbers and are posted on Parker’s website again at phstock.com. To cover the agenda for today on slide number four, the call will be in four parts. First, Don Washkewicz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President will provide highlights for the quarter. Second, I’ll provide a review including key performance measures of the second quarter concluding with the fiscal year 2013 guidance. The third part of the call will consist of our standard Q&A session, and for the fourth part of the call today, Don will close with some final comments. So, at this time, I’ll turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to slide number five titled second quarter fiscal year ‘13 highlights.
Pamela Huggins: Okay. Just to clarify though at the midpoint last guidance to this guidance, we did take North America up in revenue, but on international, we did take revenue down. Okay.
Pamela Huggins: Yeah, but let me give you some – a couple marginal return on sales numbers without the acquisitions I think might help.
Pamela Huggins: North America for the second quarter, while the margin return on sales was unfavorable, if you exclude the acquisitions you are within 30%. You are around 30% which is what our target is.
Pamela Huggins: International, the same thing, if you exclude acquisitions not quite as good as North America, but it’s in the 40% range, so...
Pamela Huggins: So, we are very cognizant of that. And it’s typical with acquisitions when they first come in we have all these charges in the first 12 months. So, we will work our way through these. These are good acquisitions that have good margins and it just takes 12 months to get there.
Pamela Huggins: We are being cautious at this point in time. We have a 48-52 split in our guidance which is pretty much the natural cycle of our business.
Pamela Huggins: Well, last time we said $0.05 to $0.10, but weren’t thinking that it was going to get to the upper end of that. And now we think that it is.
Pamela Huggins: Yeah, I think Alex, you are right, I have a couple of pennies different than what you have but you are right on, I see you are doing your homework there, so good for you. You know like I said based on what Don has said, we have basically kept our guidance in line with the natural cycle of our business, the 48%, 52%. So, while it does incorporate some sequential improvements, in international, I think if you look at each region, yeah we do have some sequential improvement, but it’s more in line with what we would see at this time in the cycle of our business at this particular time. So, we are not going way out there, but we think that if we just do what is very normal for us, we’ll be able to get that type of increase.
Pamela Huggins: But, Eli just to clarify we did do better on the segment operating income line by $0.04. So I just want to get that in.
Pamela Huggins: Yeah, but let me just explain, Eli, the $24 million loss was applied against the $39 million gain on the other line. The rest is in the tax rate. So, what Jon is saying is absolutely correct, but you don’t see it all in the other category.
Pamela Huggins: You know and you read the same things I do, but the agricultural market has obviously been very resilient and Aerospace was very strong this quarter, not that we didn’t expect the Aerospace to continue to be strong, but the orders were very nice this quarter.
Pamela Huggins: They – actually, we received some orders for military OEMs, F-15, F-18 type of thing. So, maybe everybody is trying to rush ahead of any type of sequestration, we’ll see, but thanks Ann, thank you very much.
Pamela Huggins: Thanks, Jeff. At this time, I think we are going to move to one more question and then we are going to close with some final comments from Don.
Jon Marten: Yeah. I mean, Jamie just to the point here first in terms of the headwinds and the tailwinds from a pricing and a supplier standpoint here, we are staying about even. So, nothing really different to report there at this point, it’s a tough pricing environment out there. And it’s a very important transitional timeframe here for us in the second half as we start to see sequential improvement in our margins going forward here which we’ll be looking for suppliers to help us with as time goes on. Now, in North America, that is also being impacted by the acquisitions. And as Don alluded to earlier, the margins are being impacted by the reduced organic sales being replaced by acquisition sales. And those acquisition sales are coming in at lower margins than we were seeing on the organic business that is moderating as time goes on. I am sorry, go ahead.
Jon Marten: No. And then the restructuring that Pam was talking about that we are going to be doing in the second half is also going to be impacting our margins going forward here including the integration costs too. So, that’s I think in a summary the way that we are looking at margins going forward here for the second half.
Jon Marten: It’s Josh in total for the year our – we only did $0.02 in the restructuring in Q2. We are keeping – we are going, we are moving up to the high end of the numbers that we gave to you earlier which is $0.10, which is in the – and we’ve got a range of $0.06 to $0.07 here in the second half.
Jon Marten: Mig, I think as Don just indicated here, sequentially we are up slightly in terms of our comparisons to the prior year in Q2 in those markets. We, again, with less workdays in Q2, the change was not dramatic. Going forward, in all of those vertical markets that we are talking about, I think the things to keep your eyes focused on here is the, as Don mentioned, the residential, the commercial air conditioning, the construction equipment. And we continue to see good progress being made in the heavy duty trucks. So, I think that all of those markets in North America are trending better mobile and not as bad as it was, but certainly not to where we were 18 months ago. So, I am hoping that kind of gives you a little bit of a color as to how the guidance was put together. Keep in mind, we are up sequentially in North America in Q3 and then up sequentially in Q4. Just to add to the all the other comments that we have made, keep in mind also as you are looking at the data for us that increased as we move forward here sequentially that Alex was referring to that may look a little sporty at this point includes acquisitions that we did in Q2 and acquisitions that we did in Q1 also. And so by adding that on in the middle of Q2 we are going to see a dramatic effect in terms of our increases in the second half vis-à-vis the first half, so that 58-42 is we feel is very achievable. And that’s why we did the guidance the way that we did. So, I hope that helps.
Jon Marten: No, I think Andy I think the delta in the Q4 versus Q3 is just the continued slight moderate improvement that Don was talking about in his earlier comments, moderate good, moderate improvement, not only in the North America, but some of the end markets that we talked about, but although Europe is on the bottom here in recession, it is not – we are not projecting another leg down, we are projecting a moderate increase there. And of course in Asia, we have got some added growth built in as the year goes on. The last year as you know was for them the weakest in China, in particular, the weakest year in 10 years in terms of industrial production, but that is now projected to bounce back up just also very slightly here for us. And we are starting to see some early signs of that as Pam alluded to earlier too here. So, yeah, there is not, we are really taking a look at the every market, every region, and getting reports every month from all of our people and this is the way that we see the Q3 versus Q4 trends going here in each one of our segment. So, it’s really that simple.
Jon Marten: Eli, Eli, one additional point here to make to, that gain of $0.16 as we talked about at the end of Q1 was offset by some write-offs that we took in Europe and that will also be offsetting that gain in our results when they are all finally tabulated. So, the way that we look at it is that those write-offs related to some of our businesses in Europe have offset that gain.
Jon Marten: I think as Don indicated, Jeff, we should be really trending back down to the 8% range. 8% range would be normal for us moving forward. And that’s what we are expecting.
Jon Marten: I think we’ll start to see those levels here in the FY ‘14. And as FY ‘14 moves ahead and certainly by FY ‘15 given the OEM development cycle that we are in right now, I think that’s the trend that we are going to see.
Don Washkewicz: Alex, this is Don. Good question and I wish I had a good answer for you, be honest with you. When we look at our business if you just kind of look regionally and then we kind of look at our order trends, because that would give us the best indication of what’s going on our 3/12 and 12/12 activity levels. And if you look in North America, we see a slightly improving 3/12, but our 12/12 curve is heading toward a 100%, which would indicate very moderate slow growth continuing at this point. So, not at a catastrophe on the horizon, but nothing hugely different from what we have seen here in the last quarter or two, so that’s kind of the way I would read North America right now. And maybe it’s still a little bit early to really see the impact of what happened with the fiscal cliff fiasco and all that. So, maybe that’s yet to come. Europe is really in the tank. I mean, I don’t know how else to put it. Our 3/12, we saw little bit of an improvement there, that’s the last three months orders over the previous year three, but it’s just kind of approaching a 100% and but the 12/12 curve has been under a 100%, in other words, the orders are tracking under the prior year 12/12 month period and that continues. So, I mean they are definitely in recession in Europe. There is no question about it, been in recession, and I am not sure just with the minor increase in the 3/12 I am not sure when we are going to really dig out of that over there. So, we’re basically taking actions there, restructuring things and trying to get our cost in line to basically deal with this for the long-term, but continues. So, Europe not as bullish, I think Asia, I think we are just going to have to get used to living in a region that’s going to be more 7%, 8% growth instead of 12%. So, our 12/12 dropped, it’s negative year-over-year, but that’s because I think and as you’ve been reading about this, there is so much happening that the region is settling down and there is some maybe more realistic and normalized growth rates. So, that’s not necessarily bad. And I think that we have gotten some near-term indications that there is a little bit of pickup there, but I don’t think we are going to get back to the 12% levels that we have seen before. And likewise, I think the same would hold true for Latin America, still pretty flat, we don’t see anything tremendously changing over there. So, all-in-all that kind of adds up to very modest growth, I mean positive overall some regions being worse than others, but very modest growth. I think what you are asking about is going to remain to be seen if that really takes hold and we see some more enthusiasm as far as investments I would say in the next month or two, maybe we’ll see a little bit change there. If you ask me what would make the future better what do I think might be happening out there that might be improving, I think the – we’ve been hearing a little bit about housing starts starting to turn up. I think that’s a positive, a little bit of positive indication at commercial construction, for instance, starting to see some improvements as well as heavy duty trucks. I think there will be a little bit of a rebound there that’s been trending negative there for sometime. Consumer spending, the latest reports on consumer spending that we have been hearing has been more positive. One of the toughest markets we deal in, because it goes through some wild swings has been the mobile equipment market. And they went through destocking and postponement and order rescheduling, all that activity, and I think all of that is in the past now. So, I think that’s a positive for the future that the construction piece of this business, mobile piece, let’s call it, mobile will trend a little bit better going forward. And then the other thing is for us obviously the acquisition, the tailwind we are going to get from the acquisitions is positive. And then, but overall the last segment that maybe I would comment on would be Aerospace. We have got the biggest backlog in our history in Aerospace. So, it’s the largest at any point in time that we have ever had in the past. So that, I don’t want some negative here, I am looking at the near-term things going on, but I think if you look out a few months, I think you can see there is some maybe some light at the end of the tunnel with some of these other areas showing signs of improvement.
Don Washkewicz: Yeah, there are just a couple of extra comments I might make on the R&D spend, what are the challenges that we’ve had there is first of all just the number of new programs that we have. The good news is that we’ve got a number of these programs in the air now. Okay, the G650 that has been launched, the Legacy took its first flight that’s the Embraer Legacy and the Rolls engine was certified. So, the good news is and the reason why we can tell you that the trend is going to be down from here is, because we have got some of these major programs now, which frankly going into these programs these are all new technologies, fly-by-wire technology for all these platforms is extremely complicated and it’s hard to predict frankly. And we found that is impossible to predict the cost because you run into all kinds of challenges in putting these systems together because they truly are state-of-the-art. But having said that, the good news that would give us confidence on the go forward is the fact that several of these now are launched, okay and that’s extremely important. What we are working on feverishly now is the Bombardier C-series and the Comac 919 and A350. We have got several of those and that’s the reason why we are still going to have a fair amount of R&D expense going forward. But the other thing is just the tone in the marketplace is such that if you delay the launch of an aircraft today that has very, very bad connotations with the customers. And so everyone gets a little bit gun-shy of placing orders with you based on promises that you are going to make that very likely may be missed. And we know that there has been some big misses in the market with this new technology as far as launching these planes. So, it’s really critical that you get your plane up and out and serve as our first flight when you say you are. Otherwise, you are going to have a real problem on the orders side of the equation. I am talking about our end customers now. So, what impact does that have on us, lot of pressure to expedite R&D parts of the projects, where almost on a daily basis and there is a burn down tables and charts as far as different activities that have to happen within certain periods of time, and that’s all going forward. So, there is a lot of pressure, and that’s taken a lot of resources from us. I mean we have hired additional people to support that. We are going to support the customer every possible way we can to get these platforms launched properly. I think that’s going to help the customer certainly, that’s going to help us in the long-term. I think it’s going to help all the supply base and the industry when we do that, but that’s what’s that we’ve been faced with. So, as tough as it’s been to give you a hard number on R&D, it is tough, because everyday something changes and a lot more resources have to be put on certain parts of these systems to really stay on a very, very tight schedule. So, hopefully that’s a little bit helpful for you to see what’s going on behind the scenes.
Don Washkewicz: I think based on what I am saying some of these new programs that we are working on right now, the ones that were launched of course that’s behind us, the ones that we are working on now, the list is getting reduced very nicely here over time. So, we would expect that we would level out at some normalized level of R&D. I think we’re probably going to always be looking somewhere in the 8% range probably could give or take a little bit on that, but it won’t be in the 12% plus or 10% or plus range like we have seen here. This has just been a very extraordinary activity level for us on these new programs, but again having just set a record on our backlog in the aerospace group, that is pretty exciting going forward. So, I think we are at – I think like Jon said we are at the high watermark and as that weans down and the activity, the actual shipments start going up. I think we are going to be enjoying the fruits of all this expenditure here in these last few years.
Don Washkewicz: Actually, Eli through the second quarter, we didn’t build inventory. On our core business, actually the inventories were down. And so we were happy with the fact that we have been able to maintain discipline there through that period and that’s kind of what we are going to be doing going forward. Our message is we don’t want to build inventory, we want to maintain our just-in-time methodology as far as how we are going to service the customer. And with our lean efforts that we have had going on for quite sometime, that enables us to do that. So, I am very pleased with actually the inventory levels. We are now right in the 10% of sales range as far as inventories, and of course, years ago that used to be closer to 20%, so doing a good job there.
Don Washkewicz: Yeah, until we see some signs and then we will able to respond we have got capacity, so there is no need to build inventory at this stage.
Don Washkewicz: Well, I was just – I don’t really I think maybe the other people here can comment on specific segments, but I was just talking overall, the overall activity levels kind of really did slowdown, I won’t say one to zero, but come about mid-month, it really trailed off pretty fast. And I think that and that happened in Europe, it happened here. It was kind of a universal thing. I think that all happened as a result or anticipation of this cliff fiasco. I think people are just scared to do much of anything and they didn’t want to get stocks up real high. So, I think we are going to see the benefit of maybe some of that coming back to a more normalized level in the third quarter. And that’s my inclination anyway. I think everybody was just on the edge of their seat wondering what the heck is going to happen in Washington DC. And so it’s a little bit of a paranoia from that standpoint.
Don Washkewicz: Well, I would say positive, I think in both areas I think positive. And I just maybe make a comment on a couple of the market areas that we would see as trending strong right now. Distribution would be one, still positive trends in distribution. Real strong segments for us right now would be farm and ag, process industries, oil and gas and commercial aerospace OEM, those would be very, very strong. Just strong would be defense aerospace OEM, defense aerospace aftermarket, I mentioned distribution would be strong, residential air conditioning and commercial refrigeration. Those would be the key segments. There is about 10 that I mentioned, but again the real strong was our farm and ag process, oil and gas, and commercial aerospace OEM.
Don Washkewicz: Yeah, I give you a few of those. Forestry, general industrial, machine tools, marine, construction, mining, commercial air conditioning, those would be some that would be trending negative. And then kind of flat right now, I’ll give you those, cars and light trucks, power gen, semicon, life sciences, heavy duty truck, industrial refrigeration, and commercial aerospace aftermarket. That’s kind of the lay of the land right now.
Don Washkewicz: No, I would say not, because I think these trends have been going on for a while now. So, I think nothing really jumped out significantly from what was happening all along. We are just kind of tracking these going forward. So, unless anybody else has any comment in that area that I wouldn’t have anything else to add.
Don Washkewicz: Jeff, Don, as far as the acquisition activity, we do have other things that we are looking at. I don’t think there is anything that would land in this quarter coming up potentially maybe something by the end of the fiscal year for us, but the one thing we are really focused on now especially in the current environment is this, we got a little breathing room here. So, the key is to really get these acquisitions digested that we have already made these eight, eight that we have made. There is plenty of work to do there. So, while we have got a little bit of not a real aggressively high growth timeframe that we are in is to really get those acquisitions generating positive revenues and returns for us. That will be the focus, but we are not taking our eye off of other opportunities.
Don Washkewicz: That’s a good question. We have done now – we are doing 50 million a quarter in dollars that is. And we did an additional $57 million in share repurchases in the first quarter. So, that’s about almost 2 million shares we did overall for the year. Are we going to do more? I think that will depend on what we actually see here. As we look at actionable acquisitions, we certainly have the capacity maybe to do some more, but we don’t want to use up all of our dry powder here on share buyback if we have got something that we can actually acquire in the next few months. So, I am not against repurchasing shares and we have done some of that and we’ll constantly look at that. We are also looking at the dividend again right now as well.
Don Washkewicz: But just some of the feedback that we are getting some anecdotal kind of feedback that we are getting from different segments, the projects that were kind of put on hold, some of the projects that were put on hold, there is some more activity going on. I am not trying to send a message that this is going vertical on us, but it’s just a gradual positive movement at least some input that we are getting indicates some positive movement there. But nothing that’s going to be – it’s all in our forecast, it’s all in our guidance already, but it’s better than what we have heard in the last year, at least the tone is better than what we have been hearing.
Don Washkewicz: Okay. Well, thanks to everyone that’s on the call. We appreciate you tuning in this morning and getting that update from us. As always, I would like to also thank all of the Parker employees, some of those of course would be listening in as well. And the team is continuing to do an excellent job, especially through this period, lot of activity going on with acquisitions, lot of activity going on with new products as I indicated in my opening comments and executing the win strategy. So, there are a lot of good things going forward and the team continues to excel. So, I want to thank the team, the global team for all their hard work and effort. As we go through this period, we are going to continue to manage our costs. We didn’t talk a lot about what we are doing, but I think we did last quarter. This is the continuation of short work weeks where appropriate associates and other employees have been adjusted according to the current level of activity. And other adjustments that we are making in our cost base as well as our capital allocation to make sure that we are not getting too aggressive in certain areas with our capital deployment. So, we are going through that. We are looking at all of these areas and managing costs through this period. So, we want to maintain a strong financial position. Of course, we want to meet our guidance that we gave you. And I went into a lot of that in the opening comments. So, once again, I want to thank everybody for their participation today. And if you have any additional comments or questions, Pam will be here to take those throughout the day. Okay, thank you very much. Have a good day.
