Pamela Huggins: Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to Parker Hannifin's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Release Teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Don Washkewicz; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Marten. For those of you who wish to do so, you may follow today's presentation with the PowerPoint slides that have been presented on Parker's website at www.phstock.com. For those of you not online, the slides will remain posted on the company's Investor Information website at www.phstock.com one year after today's call.  At this time, reference Slide #2 in the slide deck, which is the safe harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements. If you haven't already done so, please take note of this statement in its entirety. Moving to Slide #3, this slide, as required, indicates that in cases where non-GAAP numbers have been used, they have been reconciled to the appropriate GAAP numbers and are posted on Parker's website at phstock.com.  To cover the agenda for today on Slide #4, the call will be in 4 parts. First, Don Washkewicz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, will provide highlights for the quarter. Second, I'll provide a review, including key performance measures of the fourth quarter and full year 2011, concluding with the fiscal year 2012 guidance. The third part of the call will consist of the standard Q&A session. And for the fourth part of the call today, Don will close with some final comments. At this time, I'll turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to Slide #5, titled fourth quarter and total year fiscal year 2011 highlights.
Pamela Huggins: Yes, just bear with me just a second here. The litigation charges were $0.04. Incentive compensation was $0.03 and asset write-offs, $0.03.
Pamela Huggins: I can. For the fourth quarter, realignment was $0.02 and this compares to $0.03 for the same quarter in '10. For the whole fiscal year, realignment was $0.06 and this compares to $0.19 last year.
Pamela Huggins: Yes, Ann, let me just give you a little numbers around this. I think it might help you in your thought process [ph] here, but in North America, the orders were up 11%. And if you look at the first half for North America, they're up 8%. And I think if you look historically, you'll always see that there's a little bit of a lag. If you look at international, the orders are up 18% and in the first half, we're looking at 16%. And that's at the midpoint. So I think that it's pretty much in line with what we're seeing in terms of orders.
Pamela Huggins: Yes, and that's a good point. And we've done some research on that as well. And when you look at the Aerospace, typically they will come out to only about 1/3 of orders. As you look out -- if you look at the orders and then you look at sales historically, it's only about -- it's about 1/3. And I think that -- and Jon, you can talk about this more, but there's a little bit -- Aerospace growth is actually a little higher than what you're seeing because we had some adjustments last year. And it's pretty typical that we have some things that move around, as you well know, with some of the OEMs. So when you look at that growth for Aerospace, it's a little bit higher than what you're seeing.
Pamela Huggins: I'll start off and somebody might want to add on. But here's what really is happening and this is from a big picture viewpoint, Ann. But last year, if you look, when we came into the year, we were operating that at a fairly low level in terms of the sales volume. And so we have continued to ramp up in terms of sales to a much, much higher level. So when you're comparing this year, the first half to the first half and second half, really we hadn't aligned expenses with the demand yet. So that's really what you're seeing. I mean I could sit here and talk about stock compensation. I could talk about different things like that but really, from a macro perspective, it's that the robust demand, now our expenses are aligned with the $13.2 billion revenue number, whereas the first quarter a year ago it was much, much, much lower.
Pamela Huggins: Yes, so just to add to that, David, if you look at our orders, April, May and June, the progression was positive each month.
Pamela Huggins: What we do, Terry, just to be clear on this, is we don't try to forecast, okay, what currency is going to do. I mean, I don't think any of us know that. So we take the exchange rate at the end of the year and we compare that to the exchange rate in the prior year for all the different currencies. And that's how we come up with our currency projection. So any change from the end of June isn't reflected.
Pamela Huggins: Well, I think what I would say to that, Eli, is we're following the same process and procedure that we've always followed.
Pamela Huggins: Yes. I mean, I think it gets back to what Jon said. We feel pretty comfortable for the first 6 months and once you get out beyond that, it gets a little more difficult. So I think our view is that we will update you every quarter and we do the best that we can at this point in time and then every quarter, we will give you an update.
Pamela Huggins: Eli, to start off on that, you know those charges that we talked about, we had some higher charges in the fourth quarter? Most of those really related to international. And that's what you're seeing. We talked about the litigation charges, the asset write-offs, that type of thing. Those for the most part were in that international segment.
Pamela Huggins: Right. So we were a little disappointed that those higher charges came through in that fourth quarter in international as well.
Pamela Huggins: Okay. Let me just tell you that when you look at OEM, it was up about 10%, commercial MRO, 17% and then military MRO was relatively flat. However, moving forward right now, the military MRO orders are much stronger than we had anticipated. So when you look at the backlog, there is much higher military orders in the backlog than what you would think, looking at the sales numbers from last year. So when we go into this year, we're expecting military or defense OEM to be down. We're expecting all other segments to be up.
Pamela Huggins: Well, Jeff, we don't really disclose that. I mean, we've really never talked about that in the past. I don't think I want to talk about that. But I think what I can tell you is we just went back and we took that underlying profitability on that currency and we adjusted the current year as well as the prior year and that's how we came up with that number.
Pamela Huggins: Sure. For the guidance, we start out at around 159.3 million and then gradually work up to 160 million. Okay, and we ended fiscal year 2011 with around 164.8 million. So with that, I think we'll end the call, if that's okay with you Jeff, if you're done.
Pamela Huggins: Thank you very much. And so for those of you online, I just want to thank you for your participation and I just want to turn it over to Don who just has a few closing comments. Thank you.
Donald Washkewicz: Thanks, Pam, and welcome to everyone on the call. I was just reading an old report here before I came into this meeting. It was kind of a wrap up from last quarter and it seems like it continues on. It was a nice report that was done by Nigel Coe and it was titled Cruel and Unusual Punishment. And as I was reflecting on our share price over the last few months, it seems like it just continues on. But anyway, let no good deed go unpunished. To start the call then, I just would like to take a moment to point out some of the highlights of the year. First, I want to take this opportunity to commend our entire global team for delivering the record performance they did in fiscal '11. We just had a -- just a spectacular year. We achieved numerous records in FY '11 and we'll cover some of those today, we're not going to get into all the records but we'll cover some of the highlights of those records as I go forward with this report. Sales were an all-time record at $12.3 billion, representing almost a 24% increase from last year and it surpassed our prerecession peak of $12.1 billion in fiscal 2008. We're able to achieve strong profitability levels as total segment operating margin reached an all-time record at just under 15% for the year. And for those that have been following us for an extended period of time, you'll know that our Win Strategy goal was to hit 15% operating margins and we're right there at that goal now. It's taken us a few years to get there but here we are. So we're accomplishing what we set out to do. Net income was also an all-time record as we crossed the $1 billion mark for the first time at $1.1 billion. And that gave us one of the highest, I think the highest ROS, net margin ROS, numbers in our history at 8.6%, so pretty remarkable results there. That represented, of course, a record diluted earnings per share of $6.37, which was 87% increase from last year. And this was, by the way, at the high end of our most recently provided guidance and matched the Street consensus out there. And I might just reflect a little bit further and just say that if you remember, we finished fiscal '08 which was our record year before the recession and we now have exceeded that sales number just marginally at about $200 million more in sales. And on those additional sales, we delivered $0.84 more earnings per share or 15% more earnings per share on $200 million in sales. I think that's pretty remarkable when you look at the kind of hard work and effort that has gone into building this company by the team worldwide, just a remarkable accomplishment. Just a couple of comments on the quarter. Sales were an all-time record at $3.4 billion and that was up 22% compared to prior year quarter and the majority of that, by the way, was organic growth. Orders remained robust. We published those numbers for you, an increased 15% compared with the fourth quarter last year. Net income was an all-time quarterly record at just under $300 million and increased 32% compared to last year's fourth quarter. So the quarter was extremely strong for us and diluted earnings per share were an all-time further record at $1.79 for the quarter, in line with the Street consensus again. So really, a remarkable accomplishment there. And of course, I mentioned for the year that our operating margins were 14.8%. Likewise, they were for the quarter as well, about 14.8%. Just under that 15% target that we set out to achieve. So, we have a very strong financial position. Operating cash flow for the year was $1.2 billion or 9.5% of sales and that enabled us to increase our dividend, which we did 3 times this past fiscal year. We also repurchased 8 million shares of Parker stock valued at almost $700 million, with almost all of that completed in the fourth quarter. Overall, we're in an extremely strong position. Our cash position is strong yet and we have a great credit situation as well here at the company. We've initiated fiscal 2012 guidance for earnings from operations in the range of $6.70 to $7.50 per diluted share and of course, that would represent another record earnings level for the company, moving up from $6.37. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Pam who'll get into a little bit more detail.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, what we are really forecasting, Rob, is we don't forecast quarters, first of all. We forecast a year and we give you an update quarterly on that year forecast. But let me just talk a little bit about the quarter to try to be responsive to your question. The fourth quarter, the MROSs were 19%. And if you take FX out of that, out of those numbers, we're closer to 29%, just for starters. There were some one-off items in the quarter as there are in every quarter, but especially in the fourth quarter, when you're trying to true everything up, there was some litigation expense, some incentive compensation changes from what we anticipated. We finished of course, as you can see, stronger than what we were predicting. And -- well, it was within the range that we were predicting but we're up at the high end of that range. So that impacted us a little bit there. Some minor things in the way of asset write-offs and things such as that. In the -- specifically in the CIC group, I can just comment there that we had some restructure carryover into the quarter and that really pushed down their MROS for that group. But that's a one quarter phenomenon and that will be turned around going into this next fiscal year. The only other one maybe I would comment on would be Aerospace and the amount of NRE, nonrecurring engineering, that they've been incurring has been as you know fairly high even though the percent is coming down a little bit from year-to-year, it's still a pretty high number. And that compressed them a little bit down to the 15% MROS number. But those would be some of the things that I would just highlight for the quarter. Again, I don't want to focus too much on a quarter. I'd rather focus on the year. And keep in mind that the fourth quarter, we have all kind of -- all types of one-off type things happening and we could spend all day. I just looked at a sheet of about 100 different items, going both directions. So those would be some of the key ones though, Rob, that I would point out.
Donald Washkewicz: I think, Ann, if you look at the range, again this is the reason why I don't give you a point, a data point per se. If you look at the range that we're giving you for next year, I think that will cover all of the potential changes that might occur with respect to the order trend. The higher order trend reflecting higher in the range, if you will, that we've given you. If that doesn't materialize, then we're still covered by the balance of the range. So I think that's the way I would characterize that. I think the other thing you know, obviously, is that in Aerospace, the order trend doesn't directly correlate with anything near term, more so on an annual, like a 12- to 18-month kind of, or a 2-year basis.
Donald Washkewicz: Ann, this is Don, one other comment on the Aerospace. Keep in mind that the military is anticipated to be down next year as well from where we are right now. So that impacts that as well. Go ahead, Jon.
Donald Washkewicz: Ann, one other thing is, this is Don, again MROS for next year is around 20% based on the numbers we're giving you. And if you take the FX out of that, it's close to 30%. So just keep that in mind as well.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, I think David, we're still going to continue with our pattern of not giving out specific month-by-month data because we feel like that the month-by-month information could lead you to draw conclusions here that would not be as meaningful as really taking a look at a quarterly data. So we feel good about sharing with you our quarterly data. I will say that the month of July is not meaningfully different than the quarter. And so if it was, I would report that to you right now, but it's not.
Donald Washkewicz: It's about $0.105 per $1 of sales. We've been -- our goal is $0.10. We've done extremely well there. Our working capital...
Donald Washkewicz: Exactly. That's the goal. That's what lean does for you. It's to drive inventory down, drive customer service up. And we've been whittling that number down over time and I don't have the exact number in front of me but as I recall it's around $0.105 per $1 of sale. And also the rest of the working capital, receivables and payables -- done extremely well on both of those areas as well. I just can't recite a number for you, Alex. But I can say that I know our payables, days payables are in excess of our days receivables. So at least that's a positive trend there.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, what I think, I have to say this, that there's a junkyard in town here that is selling for better than -- no, I'm just kidding a little bit, but it's almost the way I feel anymore. The reason that I made the biggest acquisition in the history of the company this last month was because this company is so cheap, it's pathetic. I mean, we bought $700 million worth of shares in one of the best companies in the S&P 500 in the market, which is good old Parker Hannifin with spectacular performance. We bought $700 million, 8 million shares and I'll tell you what, the way things are looking, if it continues to go down, I'm buying more. So that's my message.
Donald Washkewicz: We did, 42% this year. Not too shabby. Like I opened this call, with not understanding what's going on out there, frankly. After every quarter when we achieve record results and increase guidance, we lose $5. It's getting kind of -- it wears on you after a while. But it will correct itself. We're just going to do the best we can. And we manage what we can manage. We can't manage the Street or what happens in the financial community any more than what we're doing right now. So we're just going to do the best we can here and continue to grow this company.
Donald Washkewicz: Just a couple more, this is Don. Just a couple more comments about the forecast because maybe some of you are new out there. We purposely, when we go into a fiscal year, we budget tight, okay? And we do that for a good reason. We don't want all the operations spending as if we're running at the top end of our guidance or anything like that. We can always adjust budgets as we go through the year and we get more confidence as far as order trends and so forth. But when we start off a fiscal year, we don't look at any blue sky forecast around here. We don't accept any blue sky forecast. So we want them to budget tight. We don't want to just open the floodgates on bringing a lot of staff in, a lot of overhead and then missing our numbers, okay? That's just not the way we do things around here. And I think for those that have tracked us for a while and followed us, I think you would acknowledge that. As we said in the past, we'll update you every quarter and we have. And as we get more clarity on what's ahead, we'll certainly give that to you. If you look at just calendar, the calendar year now that we are in, we will show growth. If you look at the last 2 quarters of this fiscal year and our next 2 quarters, which would be the calendar year that we're in right now, our growth is 17%. If you look at our peers, I think you'd find an average around 13% or 14%. So the indication is there that we're doing pretty damn good relative to everybody else out there, especially in this tough group of peers that we compare ourselves to. So that's just a little bit of background on how we budget, why we budget and how we go about doing things around here just so you get a sense of that.
Donald Washkewicz: Yes. I think, let me just say this on M&A. All of our groups are actively looking for opportunities out there. We're certainly evaluating a number of candidates. We've got plenty of capacity, even after repurchasing $700 million, we still have $600 million and some on the balance sheet in cash and we've got our short-term credit lines, we've got $1 billion there. We've got plenty of long-term opportunity if we needed it. So I think we could do as much as we wanted with respect to share buyback, as well as acquisitions and a combination of the 2. We're certainly looking for those companies with a strategic, synergistic fit to Parker. And we have some that were in the close. You never know you're going to get anything until you actually get it, until you finally sign on the dotted line. But we're down the road a ways on some and not quite as far on others. I would have to say though -- and we acquired a few companies this year, about $70 million worth of businesses this year. I would have to say this though. With as cheap as this company is selling, when we're looking at -- if I can buy this kind of a company called Parker Hannifin and I can pay less than 8x, actually now with the way the price is going, I'm paying 6x maybe, forward-looking EBITDA multiples. There is nothing I'm looking at out there, even broken companies, I got to pay 9x to 10x EBITDA. There is nothing I can buy as cheap as this company. I'm absolutely flabbergasted, I'm flabbergasted as to the kind of the valuations that we have going on around here. But somebody is missing the boat. I'm not sure who. But if it continues down this path, I tell you what, I'm buying Parker Hannifin and I'll pass on the acquisitions because this is the best deal in town.
Donald Washkewicz: Well actually, we had a -- going through our planning, our budgeting and process and so forth, we have a big demand for CapEx this year. Actually, in our budgets came in very, very strong. And when I say that very strong, all relative speaking, I mean over 3% for us is very strong. In the past, over 5% would have been very strong. But over 3% is very strong. So we are budgeting higher levels for CapEx. We have some of these programs that we're working on for the higher growing regions that we just can't postpone because some of these construction projects take time to materialize. We don't want to miss that market opportunity. So for instance, in Asia in particular, we want to do some more investment there, localize some more manufacturing and continue to grow and keep pace with the activity levels in that region. So no, we're not shying away. We're trying to support the groups, our operating groups, the best we can with their CapEx requests. But they are at a higher level than they have been in the past. There's no question about it. We will be spending more on CapEx as a percentage, but still not ridiculous from historical standpoints, to what we've done in the past.
Donald Washkewicz: No, I think we have the entire organization that -- it's kind of focused on it. The goal for us is really 10% growth nominal, 12% as we -- as kind of a stretch goal for us as we -- this is over a cycle, okay? Kind of on an average. And as we ramp up our innovation initiatives and we're doing that as we speak, we think we can get to 12% annual growth over the cycle, over a period of time. Yes, you're going to have ups and downs throughout that period of time like we've seen here with the recession. But over time, we want to be averaging that. So in any particular year, like we had this last year, it was a lean year. We did maybe $70 million in acquisitions. We would like to have done more. We had certainly the wherewithal to do more. We're just not out there just to buy for the sake of buying. We don't want to get bigger. We want to get better. So we're being very cautious about what we buy and the prices that we pay. And frankly, like I said earlier, and I don't want to belabor this point, but our best buy right now is Parker when I look at kind of what I've been faced with. But that doesn't mean we're going to shy away from acquisitions. I can do both. I can repurchase shares. I can pay dividends. I can acquire companies. We're blessed with a very high cash flow in this company. So I'm confident that, yes, some years, we're going to do better than others. I've had years around here as you've seen in the past where we've acquired $1 billion worth of businesses and others where we haven't acquired much of anything. So it's really on the average that I'm really more focused. Over time, I think we can average in that 5% range. I still feel confident with that. It just not going to -- it might come a little bit more lumpy than it has in the past.
Donald Washkewicz: Yes, Eli, one last, this is Don. Just one last comment about next year, even though we don't have a lot of visibility at this point into the calendar -- next calendar year, I think we all recognize that it's an election year and I would bet money that no one in Washington wants to, at least in the White House, wants to see something bad happen in the economy. So my guess is it's going to be a good year for business. That's just my opinion.
Donald Washkewicz: Well, thanks to everyone that's on the call. And I just want to once again take this opportunity to thank our employees for their continued commitment to serve the customer and for the record performance we posted this fiscal year end and the record performance that we're anticipating for next fiscal year. So they're focused on the Win Strategy. We've talked about that over the last 10 years. And by the way, this is our 10th anniversary of the Win Strategy. So it's taken a while to get here but we finally arrived and are achieving some of the goals that we set out for us over that period of time. And it's really transformed the company into what I would call a premier high-performance company. So once again, I want to thank you for your participation and your continued interest in Parker. Pam's going to be around for the balance of the day and feel free to give her a call if there's anything that you want to ask further with respect to the company and our performance. Okay, thank you and have a great day.
Jon Marten: Well, the only other point that I would add to that, Ann, would be that for Aerospace, those numbers that we're reporting here for orders are exactly where we're at as of June 30. But when we actually look at the Aerospace growth forecast for FY '12, we're really doing a bottoms-up analysis program by program, division by division. And what this indicates to us is exactly what you're pointing out, is that there's quite a few long lead cycle business, of course. And this long lead cycle business is really booking orders now that we're getting from our customers for FY '13 and FY '14 time period. And so that's really what we're saying.
Jon Marten: And this is Jon, Ann. Just one -- a couple additional points here. We've also got restructuring built into the first half of FY '12 at a greater rate than we had in the first half of last year and over this past year. And then if you really look at the data from a big picture standpoint, Aerospace is also impacting that because there are NRE expenses here and their first half is also high year-over-year at a much higher rate than they are in the second half year-over-year.
Jon Marten: Yes. I mean, I think it's just a reflection in the back half and your numbers are correct. The back half is just our visibility into the back half of the year. We're being mindful of all the macro indicators that are coming out and we feel -- have obviously a lot more confidence in the first half. We have confidence in the second half numbers, but as the year goes on, we're going to continue to update everybody on the sales and how they relate to the order rates and the macro picture. And so, we'll just keep updating everybody. But we do feel good about our mid-single digit growth rates here for the second half.
Jon Marten: Okay, Henry, this is Jon. Overall, our organic growth for next year is in the mid-single digit range. It's in the 5% to 7% range for next year. And again, our total growth for next year is being at 7.6%. So therefore, the lion's share of that 7.6% is really the organic growth. Now, the pricing question that you asked, it's very difficult for us to give you a number there. Of course, we're going to be watching all those commodities that Don just alluded to earlier in his comments between the copper, basic steel, oil and a few of the other basic commodities. That helps drive our pricing strategy going forward here. We have to recover those increases and those basic commodities going forward. But it's really hard for us to really kind of give you a number. And we really, in fact, don't really plan for that. We plan at the margin level, given the cost structure that we have. And we try to adjust accordingly at every single division in the company and every single region of the company.
Jon Marten: Eli, this is Jon. I think that is a big part of it. But also another very big part of it is that as Don said at the beginning of the call, we are at a record level of operating margins. And so we're in new territory for ourselves as we go forth and we think about the kind of margins that we can get going forward. We're not going to see us being able to get the same margin expansion that we were getting when we were coming out of the recovery that started 2 years ago, now that we're into the third year of is it a recovery or is it now into the new normal going forward. So we are reluctant to really forecast record margins in the second half vis-a-vis what we've been able to do in the past year. However, having said that, for the full year, our operating margins are at the 15.1% range. We finished in FY '11 at 14.8%. So we don't want to go, in terms of giving guidance, much higher than that, in the out periods here. We just -- we need to get closer to those out periods. We certainly have the capability of doing much better in terms of margins, where we are right now. But we don't have the experience in really seeing how we perform given the lower growth that we're projecting right now.
Jon Marten: We absolutely are. I mean that 30% range is a deeply embedded part of the culture of the company. We still look at it that way. We still, when we make decisions in terms of new business going forward or renewing old business going forward, we think about what that incremental business is giving us in terms of marginal returns. So it's a very important part of our business going forward and it's an important part of the way that we judge businesses going forward. But -- not to belabor the point here but at 15%, we feel like that we're in -- delivering a lot of shareholder value. We've got -- we've always felt like that we have 4 points of EVA, at a 15% ROS for the company. And we don't want to turn away business that is very profitable but not exactly incremental to the current margins that we have right now. So all of our businesses are out and judging their new business in terms of the 30% MROS. But as Don talked about last quarter, we're not going to see those exact same incrementals throughout the entire business cycle every quarter, quarter after quarter, although we can see that going forward in different periods depending upon the mix of how our businesses are growing.
David Raso: I was just picking up on -- Pam, made sure to say the order growth rate decline was simply due to comps. So I was just trying to get a feel for how the quarter has progressed, Pam, on a growth rate.
David Raso: The mix that you're seeing in orders, are we seeing maybe some OE slowdown with a little lean towards aftermarket? Or are we seeing continued strength from your big OE customers on their ordering? I'm just trying to get a feel for the nuances of what we see between your distributors and your OE business at potentially some inflection points around the economy.
David Raso: Yes, I mean, it's sounds like after all that, macro could prove that guidance wrong. But it sounds like you're thinking the year starts with double-digit growth in the first quarter or 2, which implies the guidance is expecting back half to be low single digits. And I know it's a 12-month outlook so I'm not...
