Jon Marten: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, and welcome to Parker-Hannifin's first quarter FY '17 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams and President and Chief Operating Officer, Lee Banks. Today's presentation slides, together with the audio webcast replay, will be accessible on the company's Investor Information Web site at phstock.com for one year following today's call. On Slide 2, you'll find the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements, as well as our non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations for any references to non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's press release and are posted on Parker's Web site at phstock.com. Turning to Slide 3, toady's agenda is outlined. To begin our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams will provide highlights for the first quarter of fiscal year '17. Following Tom's comments, I'll provide a review of the company's first quarter, FY '17 performance together with the guidance for FY '17. Tom will then provide a few summary comments, and then we'll open the call for a Question & Answer session. At this time, I'll turn it over to Tom and ask that you refer to Slide 4.
Jon Marten: Yes, Jamie. A quick answer from me, this is Jon on the margin guidance here for international. We did it up 10 basis points, we are showing as we made in commentary, a little bit of a better overview in the Q1 and guidance going forward there. We see great progress as a result of our restructuring actions and our simplification ability here in the company wide internationally also. And so we found it was prudent to just move that up 10 basis points and we are really pleased with how we are performing there.
Jon Marten: Well, what we are going to do there is that as we look at the mix as the year goes on Jamie, we have a very slight change in the mix going forward here. So we are trying to make sure that we get the best guidance out there. Please keep in mind that there are some seasonal impacts here for going forward here that we are going to see in our Q2, that’s kind of indicated in our guidance too. And that one have an impact on the international margins in our Q2 and as typical in that beginning up our Q3 also.
Jon Marten: Well, it would be more of an ability as we look at some of the in rows that we are making and some of our businesses in Asia as well as in Europe making new wins getting more business and we are seeing good increases in our sales there for as -- much better than we had projected and that is really helping us to get more business and -- but that OE versus the aftermarket mix here is having a very, very slight impact.
Jon Marten: Ann this is Jon. I think yes I mean given that track and we have a pattern of a going through and using September 30. We will see how that kind of plays itself out for the balance of the year, but with the strengthening the dollar today I think that it would have an impact on the guidance very slightly.
Jon Marten: Yes I think the -- first of all it’s not a big tailwind, but it is a slight few cent tailwind there with that additional contribution that we made. Going on below the line, what would be going the other way as Tom has talked about and many of our different venues over the last several quarters. Our investments in R&D, our investments in ecommerce, our investments in IOT, and the kinds of things that we needed to in order to improve on our well customer experience is really driving the additional expenses here that are helping to offset that $0.05 or so impact that were getting from the additional pension contribution that we made. So I hope that helps you Jon.
Jon Marten: Well the only thing that I would say on specifically in the quarter here is, we had $0.06 in restructuring that we actually book. We are going to see about -- we are maintaining our right guidance for the year and we are maintaining our saving that we have projected when we put our guidance together which is about 20% of the savings that we are going to get in the first half for the year. So it kind of came right in along with our expectations, our actual restructuring that we booked in the quarter was a little bit lighter, few cents lighter than what we have projected in the guidance, it's actually $0.03 lighter than what we have projected in that guidance. But we are very pleased with our progress and we are maintaining that projection through the balance of the year.
Jon Marten: No, you’re right. I mean I think if there are some onetime events that Tom was talking about that happened in Q1, that was kind of good news for us, that are not going to repeat in Q2. You’re right, your observation is correct, it’s been tweak down just slightly. And there are no other new in different types of activities that are occurring here that would want to call out in a call like this. I think it’s a normal cost structure. Our cost structure is getting better, our volume is following a long our orders. Our orders are coming in the way that we had projected and so we are just a slight adjustments here for the slight bits of a good news here that we got in Q1, especially below the line.
Jon Marten: No you got that right, 20% of the savings that we get from the restructuring that we’re incurring for this year we will get in the first half, so yes.
Jon Marten: We are at the round numbers at about the 8% level today. We have as you know moved it down from 11% a few years ago. So the 7% to 8% range is the range that historically is a number that we are the most comfortable with. But overall our level of development cost are aligned with what our expectations are of our customers. If there is new and different types of requirements where we are the technical experts then we will be in many cases the designer of choice and that so will fluctuate, but for right now given today's environment 7% to 8% seems to be a right level for us and we are at about 8 right now. So if in could just have one more question and we will wrap it up for today. I hope that answers your question, Jeff.
Jon Marten: We are not nowhere near as required capital that we did 10 years ago Alex, and that 1.6 to 2.0 includes a lot of reinvestments into the company, but no you are right we are nowhere near where we five years ago, let alone 10.
Jon Marten: Yes, it's hard to articulate on the phone call like this, how much lean has transformed our company. And when you add on to that all these affords that we are going through from a business simplification standpoint and how that’s impacting our CapEx plans, we are just seeing a lot of great momentum from that. And so yes, that’s correct.
Jon Marten: Yes, we are from a CapEx standpoint we feel very good about our positioning there and of course we are discipline, we are using in a IRR approach on that just as we do on the DCS from an acquisition standpoint. And we remain disciplined on all of our right capital allocation plans. And that’s our goal, as Tom said we want to be great deployers of the cash going forward. So I hope that helps you out, Alex.
Jon Marten: Okay, well that’s a [multiple speakers] yes, no good suggestion Alex, we will definitely take that one on and take a real hard look at that for you and all of our investors. So I think with that. 
Jon Marten: Okay, all right. We’ll try to be a little bit clearer next time. Thanks Alex and with that I think this concludes our Q&A earnings call. I want to thank everybody for joining us today; I want to just to be assure everybody that Robin and Ryan and will be available throughout the day, to take your calls, should you have any further questions. And thank you and have a great day.
Tom Williams: Thanks, Jon, and welcome to everyone on the call. We appreciate your participation this morning. Today, I'd like to share highlights of our first quarter results, comment on our fiscal year 2017 guidance. And finally share progress we are making with the new win strategy. Before I get into the financial highlights of the quarter first I’d like to talk about the safety. Keeping people safe is our first priority and as such we start our meetings at Parker with the discussion on safety. So I thought I’d start our earnings call with safety as well. During the first quarter of 2017 we are able to reduce our recordable injuries by 35% compared to the prior year. This builds upon a 33% year over year improvement we posted comparing 2016 versus 2015. And actually we have a long way to go, to reach our goal of zero accidents. But I’m very pleased with the progress we’re making. Safety is important because, not only does it protect our people but also because great safety performance typically leads to great financial performance.  Now to the financial highlights of our first quarter results. First quarter sales were 2.74 billion, a 4% declined compared with the same quarter year ago. This represents the third consecutive quarter we saw a decelerating rate of decline in sales on a year-over-year basis. Nearly all the decline in sales this quarter was organic. Total order rates in the first quarter increased 2% compared with the same last year on easier comparisons. This represented the first quarterly increase in order since December 2014. By segment, North America is still weak but slowly recovering and our aerospace systems segment and international business order rates were positive. These order rates reinforced our previously communicated view that we’re progressing towards stabilization in many of our key markets. However we will continue to monitor order trends closely to ensure that this outlook is holding up. Net income for the first quarter increased 8% to 2010 million on an as reported basis or $218 million on an adjusted basis. Earnings per share were $1.55 as reported or $1.61 on an adjusted basis. A 6% increase in adjusted earnings per share, compared with the same quarter last year. Despite soft market conditions, we were able to achieve total segment operating margins of 15.0% or 15.4% adjusted.  This is another quarter of solid performance and represents a 10 base point improvement, year-over-year in the adjusted segment operating margins. Our decremented margin return on sales or MROS was 3.9% for the first quarter or 12.7% on an adjusted basis. This really is outstanding performance and marks the seventh consecutive quarter. That our adjusted decremented have been below 30%. It was another strong quarter for cash flow, cash flow from operations, excluding a discretionary pension contribution, was 12% of sales, reflecting our ability to be a consistent generator of cash through economic cycles. During the quarter we've repurchased $115 million in Parker's stock, this completes the previous announced commitment to buyback a minimum of $2 billion in Parker’s shares of October 2016. Going forward our plan is to be a great generator of cash and a great deplorer of cash, in a way that generates increased long term returns for our shareholders. Now regarding FY17 guidance. We continue to forecasting a year of flat sales compared with 2016. For 2017 we are maintaining guidance or as-reported earnings in the range of $6.15 to $6.85 per share or $6.50 at the midpoint. On an adjusted basis, we expect earnings per share in the range of $6.40 to $7.10, or middle point at $6.75. Business realignment expenses are still anticipated to be approximately $0.25 per share in fiscal 2017.  So now just a few comments about our progress with the Win Strategy. We will continue to make meaningful progress across initiatives across four broad goals, engaging people, premier customer experience, profitable growth, and financial performance. Our ongoing execution with new Win Strategy through its first full year implementation gives me even more confidence that we can achieve our key financial objectives by the end of fiscal 2020, which includes targeted sales growth of our 150 basis points. Higher then a rate of global industrial products. We’re also targeting 17% segment operating margins and progress towards these goals is expected to drive a compounding of growth rate and earnings per share of 8% over this 5 year period. These performance targets will allow us to deliver sustainable, long term value of Parker team members, our customers and our shareholders. I’ll now hand things back Jon to review more details on the quarter and fiscal 2017 guidance.
Tom Williams: Thanks, Jon. I’m glad we’ve started 2017 on such a positive note. I would like to thank the appropriate team members around the world for their efforts. Not only have we made meaningful progress with initiatives designed to improve margins, but we’ve also taken great strides to strengthen and sustain our business and better serve our customers. We’re positioned well for the rest of this year and beyond under the framework provided by the Win Strategy. I look forward to sharing more with you as always as the progresses. And at this time, we are ready to take questions. So Andrew if you could help to get started.
Tom Williams: Nathan, this is Tom. 10% has been our historical target, it’s still the target. But what we’ve done as far as determining that target is what’s top quartile against our peer group. And it happened to be when we set that goal years ago 10% was top quartile and as we benchmark it today 10% is still top quartile. Now obviously as we continue to raise margins, which is our goal, we should continue to be even better performing, but the goal is to be top quartile, we happen to be a pretty consistent performer in being top quartile on cash and I think you look forward for us continue to do that.
Tom Williams: Hey, Nathan, it’s Tom again. So we obviously look at both of those all the time on a dynamic basis with the goal of making the best long term value creation decision for our shareholders. So I would characterize the pipeline right now as far as acquisitions you know being fairly active, as always acquisitions are lumpy and hard to product as far as the [technical difficulty]. And I think what is normally -- what historically in the last couple of years has slowed us down as far as converting more acquisitions has been the price valuation gap and what we are seeing now and I hope would hope over the next couple of years we’ll continue to see this even more is, I think sellers expectations coming closer to reality and I think that price gap that we experienced will become closer and I think properties will become more actionable. So we will continue to look at share repurchase and acquisitions and make the best decision every quarter on behalf of our shareholders. On the share repurchase, just as opposed to pre-announcing we’ll continue to be active and as I’ve said before on these calls what we’ll do is we’ll communicate after the fact. We think that’s the best value creating for our shareholders. We won’t be buying into our own wind and you’ll see us be active. Like I mentioned in my opening comments, our goal is to be great generator of cash and we will continue to be even better at that, but we want to be great deployers of cash and put into work. Now the $2 billion that you mentioned Nathan that’s sitting there, just to would remind I think most people realize this, is that 99% of that is permanently invested overseas. And so there is certain constrains or factors that you have the weigh when you think about how to deploy that and trying to deployed it in a most tax efficient manner on the benefit of our shareholders. So we will look at that, we obviously want to put it to work but there is factors you have to consider on that cash that is sitting overseas.
Tom Williams: Andrew, its Tom. I think the gap I was refereeing to on valuation has been more of sellers continue to use whatever crop pre 2008 mentality as far as forecasting sales based on, we buy properties that we know and understand, we buy things within our space and we have divisions that are in the same space. So we see what the market and our growth rates are and typically there has been disconnect in that. I see that disconnect getting closer which allows things to be more actionable, now your point as far as how we decide to look at the financing side of things, we’re disciplined, we do a disconnect cash flow, we have a certain discount rate that we look at. We have returned criteria's that we considered. And this is all to the benefit of creating value for our shareholders and how we look at that analysis. I think we are very contemporary, we try to look at that in the current environment, so it will be reflective of what's going on in the real world. So I think we will continue to do that robust review.
Tom Williams: Yeah, I mean these are all very low level. So I don’t want to mischaracterize what’s happening there, but truck has been positive, construction equipment and really farm and ag has been the positive.
Tom Williams: Joe its Tom. So through the quarter what we saw was that North America orders get less negative, which is a good thing and seeing it progress sequentially that way to the quarter. Internationally and aerospace we are relatively consistent through the quarter. In October we haven’t seen I think that’s unusual and October is consistent with what we’ve put in the guidance.
Tom Williams: Yes, two things. One and maybe I will talk about the width of guidance, maybe people didn't pick up. We start -- we did this year in August different than what we have done historically. If you go back and look at our August guidance typically had a much wider range, so we started off the year with a more narrower than traditional range in August and we just kept that the same for the third quarter. So that part of it is really the starting point. And as far as keeping it consistent, when you look at what happened to the quarter, so we met the guide at the operating income level and the good thing about what happened in the quarters is we had slightly less sales, but we had better operating margins so we ended up delivering the operating income to our guide which was a testament really to the team around the world doing a fantastic job on that. We got some help below the line with some discrete one off things that are not going to repeat. So we felt that with the mix holding it flat made sense and holding it flat especially in today's environment with the macro environment being I would still say fairly uncertain, but we are encouraged with the fact that our orders turned positive. I would like to see a little bit more data before we get too far ahead of ourselves.
Tom Williams: Andy, this is Tom. Maybe I will start strategically and I will let Jon add with the details in the quarter. But with simplification, the strategy here is really there is four elements of it and we’ve have a focus I would say initially, if you would envision simplification as kind of being an iceberg, the tip of iceberg was division consolidations that was kind of the natural thing out of the gate that we have did. But the bigger part of simplification was underneath that, it's going to product line complex, revenue complexity, organization design work, process changes that we’ll do related to that revenue complexity and there is good old-fashioned bureaucracy. So we are very encouraged because if you remember simplification is geared more at the strategic SG&A type of restructuring. So we made a lot of progress, but I think this is very early days and that’s a part of why you have seen from an operating margin standpoint why we perform so efficiently in the last several quarters, and why our decrementals have held up so well. But specifically within the quarter Jon has something more to add on that.
Tom Williams: It's Tom again. So what we project including the 150 bips greater than the market is a 1.5% CAGR. Now remember the CAGR starts in ’15, so it went down from ’15 to ‘16 which is why that doesn’t sound like a really big number. So we go down because ’15 all the natural resource that dollar but then ’15 to ’16 flatting from ’16 to ’17 and starting grow by -- this time we get to FY20. Our expectation is to grow 150 basis point faster in the market based on FY20 as an exit rate. When you do the CAGR through that period of time it's 1.5%. So as a background, as long as the CAGR from ’15 to ’20 is a 100% CAGR we think we can get there 17% operating margin. Obviously if it’s lower than that, that’s does going to put challenges on it. But I think that’s a reasonable expectation given the macro environment, and our goal to gain share and all the other strategies we got around, the Win Strategy to grow fast in a market. So I think that’s fairly reasonable and we feel very comfortable that we can pull that off.
Tom Williams: Joe, this is Tom so the sale gap that we have, which is very slight impacted, our guide around $40 million was pretty much equally dispersed between the three reporting segments, aerospace North America and international. So for Aerospace, it was little bit of biz jets softness helicopters, for North America a little softer, and heavy duty truck, automotive and little bit in the general industrial. Then international is mainly a little bit lighter in the Europe, then we had thought. But when you put it all together and based on their order trends that we’ve see and in fact that order trends are moving in the path we had thought they were going to go, we are encouraged, which is why we left the sales guidance flat for the full year.
Tom Williams: Now these are only slight differences, Joe. We are only down a total of -- for the time period of 19 million for the year going forward were not down, all that much. And so this is us going through each one of our end markets, each one of our business pulling them all together and then coming up with some guidance that makes sense. But I would not read anything into that. Our orders are trending, just the way that we thought that they would. And so therefore we are making just very slight change in the sales as we’re projecting here in the guidance.
Tom Williams: Well first on the development cost, I think from time to time, it’s very hard to project these quarter by quarter here and so these are more timing issues than they are anything else. Now on the 14% for two quarters in a row. I want to again -- as you know and everybody on the call knows, we are reporting these numbers because it’s long cycle business at a rolling 12 months average. Now the long term growth rate that we can expect is what we’ve seen almost in the Q1 from aerospace there sales up 3.1%, and our long term growth rate with them is going forward is going to be in the 4% range. And that is something that overall a next 3 or 4 or 5 year timeframe, we feel very confident in saying. So I want to just caution you that to not expect a 14% increase going forward. This has to do with the lumpiness of the orders and how they come in from our military and commercial customers. And the long term prospects are fantastic, but they are not at translating to sales at a 14% per year annum rate.
Lee Banks: Andrew this is Lee Banks here. I would characterize the oil and gas pretty much as we characterized it last call. So year-over-year it's still down. There is certainly is an increase in rig counts taking place, but I would characterized it as almost basically at the bottom with a lot of choppiness taken place in the market. So there is no real catalyst for a significant change at this point in time.
Lee Banks: I was a little bit of disruptive there when all the political unrest was taking place, but it appears to us to be getting back in line and it was really some distribution business that went soft on us for a period of time.
Lee Banks: Steve, I don’t think it’s a big issue, I mean I’m sure there are some pockets out there, that aren’t apparent to me. But by and large that’s not something when I talk to the channel people that we’re worried about. I think a lot of that has worked its way out.
Lee Banks: We have talked I mean many times that our distribution network is our greatest off-balance sheet asset that the company has and we have talked about North America being the gold standard in terms of how we compete and how we get to market. And when we’re putting the new Win Strategy together, although we had done a lot, we were cognizant that we still had not built this network out at the rate that we wanted to throughout the rest of the world. So as we rolled up the new Win Strategy we put a team of senior executives that know how to get this done, focusing on emerging regions in Europe and focusing on Asia Pacific. And we are really encouraged by the progress we are making 12 moths to 15 months into it right now. So very positive.
