Pamela J. Huggins: Thank you, Philip. Good morning, everyone. Just as Philip said, this is Pam Huggins speaking, and I'd like to welcome you to Parker-Hannifin's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Release Teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Don Washkewicz; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Marten. For those of you who wish to do so, you may follow today's presentation with the PowerPoint slides. They've been presented on Parker's website at www.phstock.com. And for those of you not online, the slides will remain posted on the company's investor information website 1 year after today's call. At this time, reference Slide #2 in the slide deck, this is the safe harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements. And if you haven't already done so, please take note of this statement in its entirety. Slide #3 addresses non-GAAP financial measures. This slide, as required, indicates that in cases where non-GAAP numbers have been used, they have been reconciled to their appropriate GAAP numbers, and they're posted on Parker's website as well. Moving to Slide #4, outlined the agenda here. The agenda for today consists of 4 parts. First, Don Washkewicz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, will provide highlights for the quarter. I'll come back on second and provide a review, including key performance measures for the quarter, along with the revised fiscal year 2014 guidance. And then the third part of the call will consist of our standard question-and-answer session. For the fourth part of the call today, Don will close with some final comments, as usual. So at this time, I'll turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to Slide #5 titled First Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Highlights.
Pamela J. Huggins: Jeff, it's Pam speaking. Yes. Let me give you the quarterly amount, okay? Last time -- and I just want to make sure that I'm very clear with this, because last time we talked about $0.32. The $0.32 that we talked about last time was the net. It was basically cost less savings, okay? So we had $0.47 of cost, $0.15 of savings. Obviously, the net being the $0.32. By quarter, the costs are $0.06 in the first quarter, $0.13 in the second quarter, $0.06 in the third quarter, $0.22 in the fourth quarter, and that gets you to your $0.47. What I will say is that close to 95% of that is obviously in the international businesses.
Pamela J. Huggins: What I would say about that is we worked very hard in the quarter to try to get everybody on the same page with respect to inclusion or excluding that. And it was very difficult to do that.
Pamela J. Huggins: Right. Well, we had a couple of things moving around this time. We had the JV gain, as well as the restructuring. And we were pretty good at getting the JV gain excluded, but on the restructuring side, it was quite a challenge, let me tell you.
Pamela J. Huggins: Well, we think most of those numbers exclude the restructuring -- include the restructuring, sorry. And the reason I say that is because we gave guidance with restructuring in it. So most of the people followed the guidance that we gave.
Pamela J. Huggins: No, that's exactly right. We still are expecting $80 million, and it's moving along just as we thought it would. So the $0.15 is exactly what we reported last quarter. And I think if you look at it by quarter, it's coming in line with what we said.
Pamela J. Huggins: Sure. I can do that because it's very difficult, I know, for you to see with the JV in there. But I would say that the midpoint -- I could tell you the midpoint and then you can wrap the $0.15 around it, if that'll be helpful. But if you exclude the JV, it's probably around $1.14, $1.15. Somewhere in there.
Pamela J. Huggins: Josh, just for clarification, on the numbers that I just threw out to you, I want to make sure that you know that, that includes the restructuring for the second quarter.
Pamela J. Huggins: Jamie, I would just like to announce that this will be the last question. We'll close it off after this, and Don will have a few closing comments. Thank you. Go ahead, please.
Pamela J. Huggins: So at this time, Don, we'll turn it over to Don who has some closing comments. Prior to that, I'd just like to say thank all of you for your attendance. And Todd and I will obviously be around this afternoon, and I'm sure we'll be talking to most of you.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, thank you, Pam, and welcome to everyone on the call. We certainly appreciate all your participation today. I'll make a few brief comments and then Pam's going to return for a more detailed review of the quarter. I'm certainly pleased with -- that we're off to a good start in the first quarter. We continue to execute well in spite of a moderate growth environment out there. Some highlights for the quarter. Sales remained flat, as anticipated, with acquisition sales offset by divestitures. We were pleased to see our order rates turn positive for the quarter, for the first time in 5 quarters, as we showed a 5% improvement year-over-year. Our order growth is consistent with marginally positive trends that have been reported across major economic indicators of industrial production. Total segment operating margins were strong at 14.4%. I'll just point out that the Diversified Industrial segment operating margins were above our 15% target, at 15.3%. So we're very pleased with that. And of course, that was helped by 110 basis point year-over-year improvement in our International business. Earnings per the diluted share increased 2.5% to $1.61 compared to a prior-year quarter. Excluding restructuring expenses, earnings per diluted share were $1.67, or an increase of 6%. We consistently generate operating cash flow greater than 10% of sales, coming in at 11.1% in the first quarter before a discretionary pension contribution, and that contribution was about $75 million. We remain on track to deliver our 13th consecutive year of cash flow greater than 10%. So again, that's a nice record that we'd like to keep going. Just a few comments about our restructuring. Restructuring this quarter was $12 million, or $0.06 per diluted share, and that was on a forecast of $19 million, or $0.09 per diluted share. We're still projecting restructuring for the year to be $100 million, as we notified you last time at the last meeting, or $0.47 per diluted share. And that was what we had in our original plan. Pam is going to go into a little bit more detail as to how this impacts each of the quarters going forward. New for this quarter, we released supplemental sales information for 3 global technology platforms within our Diversified Industrial segment. You'll find a fact book with some of the historical data and additional information on these businesses on our investor website. This additional disclosure will give investors great insight into the strong underlying businesses in our portfolio, so we'd appreciate any feedback you have once you have an opportunity to review that information. Looking ahead to the full year, based on a good start for our first quarter and a larger than expected gain from the previously announced joint venture with GE Aviation, which will be recorded in the second quarter, we are increasing our guidance for the year. We have updated guidance to the range of $7.78 to $8.38 in diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2014. This guidance does include the anticipated gain of GE Aviation joint venture, which is $1.68 and an estimated $0.47 per diluted share in restructuring expenses that I mentioned earlier. So with that, we'll go ahead and turn it over to Pam for a little bit more detail.
Donald E. Washkewicz: This is a Don, Andy. We're always looking, with respect to the acquisitions, as far as what's out there. And of course, that's one of our main drivers as far as capital allocation this year, is to try to find some good acquisitions. I can never forecast what we're going to get to the finish line. We're always looking, we're always evaluating, and it's hard to predict what you're going to get to the finish line. So -- but that is a priority for us. The acquisitions are a priority. But also, I just might want to mention along with that, that as far as capital allocation, that we're still maintaining a focus on dividends. We've had a major increase over the last 5 years in dividends, and last year was about a 10% increase. And just so that everybody knows, we finished the year last year at about a 27% payout on dividends and we're looking for something north of that now, closer to 30%. Of course, that hasn't been approved by our board. I'm just telling you what I'm -- would be comfortable with and what we said, we're going to be trying to get closer to that 30% number, and that's what our intent would be this year. So dividends are going to be a priority. Obviously, acquisitions are way up -- way high on the list and we're continuing to look at those. The only other comments on capital allocation that I would make, would have to do with share repurchase and we'll do about $200 million as a minimum this year. We did $50 million in the first quarter and we'll continue that at $50 million a quarter and then potentially do more than that, depending on where we end up with our cash balances and the acquisition pipeline toward the end of the year. The only other thing is that -- we did mention earlier, is that we did put $75 million into the pension as well.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Sure. Sure, sure. Well, maybe I'll start with the PMI Indices, the ISM Index and so forth, just kind of give you a little recap of what that looks like. I think when I tell you this, it's going to be along with our 3/12 and our 12/12 pressure curves, our order rate curves. I think you're going to see that they kind of tie in pretty good with where we are as far as our order rates that we're showing and sharing with you. From a PMI standpoint, all of the indices now -- unlike in the past, all of the indices now are north of 50%. So that's a good sign. Everything is north of 50% for the global PMI and it's up slightly from the August period. So that's good. That's up from June as well. Europe, as far as PMI, has increased slightly from August -- I'm sorry, has decreased slightly from August, the Europe one. And also Germany's decreased slightly, but they're up quite a bit from June. So I'm not looking at that being a negative. I think they're still riding above 50% and that's still a positive place to be. The U.S. took a big jump. You may have noticed that yourself. It's up around 56% right now, which is really a very good territory for us. China's flat but north of 50%. It's pretty flat and that's -- we are still seeing kind of a flat environment in Asia and China, in particular. And Brazil is up slightly, but they are just right at about 50%. So they're still pretty flat as well. If you look at the markets, the positive markets that we have, as far as positive trends, would be as follows: commercial aerospace aftermarket and commercial aerospace OEM, both being positive. One of the things that I would point out, one of the segments that has moved positive for us, which I think is a big one because half of our business roughly comes from -- on the industrial side, comes from the aftermarket or distribution, is our distribution now is tracking positive where it had not been in the past. So that's a big change because it does affect half of our business. And so that's a positive one. Cars and light trucks are strong, of course. Semiconductor and telecom. One of the strongest segments for us right now is oil and gas, but offshore oil and gas, not land-based oil and gas. Offshore. Farm and ag, forestry and machine tools, those are all solid as well, as far as positives. So then the negative market segments would be the defense part of our business, the aerospace, the OEM and the aftermarket defense. Mining, of course, is a negative. Power gen and oil and gas, but the land-based oil and gas part of the business. And then, residential air-conditioning, commercial air conditioning are all both negative as well. So that -- and then anything that I did not mention would be kind of flat, which would include like process industries, heavy-duty truck, off-highway construction, industrial trucks and so forth, those kind of markets. Those would be what I would consider flat. Just a couple of comments on the -- our pressure curves, our order curves. When we look at Industrial North America and we also look at Industrial Europe, on a 3/12 pressure curve basis, this would be the last 3 months' orders divided by the previous year, the same 3 months of the previous year. So this is what you call our 3/12 curves. Industrial North America would be slightly increasing on a 3/12 basis and Europe as well, slightly improving on a 3/12 basis. So that's good news and I think that's what you're seeing in the order trends that we pretty much posted for you as far as those increases in those different regions. Asia. Like the PMI, Asia's flat on a 3/12 basis. It's slightly above 100% on 12/12 but pretty flat, and Latin America's pretty flat overall. So we don't see anything real positive yet from both of those regions. But again, the distribution part of our business, both on a 3/12 basis and on a 12/12 pressure curve basis, both improving and both greater than 100%, which means that our business is going to continue to increase going forward for the foreseeable future. So those would be just a few of the comments I'd make. If you wanted me to touch on anything else specifically, I could do that too, Ann.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes, I think it's end market demand. I think that everybody has been managing their inventories pretty good, at least in that channel, for over this cycle. And I think now, they are really seeing end market demand, and I think that's consistent with the overall order trend and the indices that I've kind of highlighted. I think that would be more end market demand than anything.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Jeff, this is Don. Yes, it does got a little bit frustrating, but we're in territory that we, frankly, we haven't been before with all of these new programs. I know, we hate telling you the same story every quarter and having to push things out a little bit here and there, but we've never really been here before with this order of magnitude of new programs and complex -- if the technology was something that we had done in the past, this fly-by-wire technology is new, I think that we would've been a lot more accurate in some of our estimates. It's just hard to predict with the number of programs and the complexity. Hitting this right on for you folks has been tough, and we don't like it anymore than you do. We're doing the best we can, and we're just going to continue to stay on it and try to give you the best information we can. Some of the programs, by the way, have pushed out from a sales standpoint. We've got some orders that have been pushed out from a couple of the programs that we had worked on. So that's changed the sales mix as well going forward. I don't know, Jon, if you had anything else you wanted to add to that.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Alex, this is Don. Just one follow up on the comment that you made just a minute ago. I think it's a very good observation. It's something that I think we tend to miss because you're looking year-on-year but you don't look over the longer run and see that because of our WIN initiative that we started back in the early 2001 time frame that we've been executing on, we have really driven the need for capital down drastically throughout the company, plus the need for facilities and so forth because we're driving inventory out of our system by executing Lean. It's been really a positive -- probably one of the most positive things we've done in the company. But what I want everybody to understand is that the dividend increase scenario that we've been executing here, 114% increase over the last 5 years, would not have been possible had we not driven this capital expenditures down to where we were. That's where the money is coming from that I'm using now to pay back to our shareholders. So I just wanted to make that tie-in because it's exactly what's happening here. We feel a lot more comfortable that we can raise that dividend given the fact that we've done the heavy lifting here.
Donald E. Washkewicz: No. I think that what we're willing to pay, I think we're pretty consistent on that. We do a valuation here, and we're pretty -- we haven't really changed our method of evaluating or coming up with a value in our discounted cash flow approach over the years. It's been pretty stable. The ones that we're looking at are not in the $1 billion category for the most part. I mean, there's only a handful of those that we would consider. If they were available or actionable, of course, we're always looking at those as well, but I would say are more in the range of $100 million to $300 million kind of size range. Maybe even some that are a little less than that would be the ones that we're looking at today. Again, though, it's hard to say what we're going to get to the finish line. We did about $0.5 billion last year. I would've done more last year if we could have gotten more to the finish line. But we did $0.5 million, which is 4-point some percent of sales. I'd love to do that much again this year. We're going to have to get some moving down the pipe and get them to the finish line here to be able to pull that off. If not, though, like I said before, if not, we'll figure out what else to do with the allocating capital elsewhere, and we don't want to continue to build up a lot of cash on the balance sheet for the long term. So we'll figure out what to do there.
Donald E. Washkewicz: That's a good question because I've seen that stated before. I forgot where, what I was reading, I saw some comments to that effect. And I would have a tendency to agree that usually when you're up into that 56 territory, which is where the U.S. PMI is now, that you would expect to see more activity. I think there's a little bit of a lag this time. But when we look at our 3/12 data, which is our more recent 3 months order trends, they're tending to trend in the direction of that PMI where you expect them to be. So I think that's just a little bit of a lag here, maybe a month or 2. And I think we're going to be caught up with it. That's just really off the top. That's my gut feel based on looking at our order trends and the current PMI trends that we're looking at.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Thanks, Pam. And just a couple of comments real quickly here. Just want to once again thank everybody on the call for their participation and for joining us this morning. Just I guess 2 key takeaways to recap. There's more takeaways than that, but just maybe a couple of key ones. Just one thing is our expectations for the balance of the fiscal year is for a moderate improvement in our global markets, and more importantly, ongoing growth in our distribution business. And that was suppressed in the past quarters, and now we see that coming back to life and that's good for Parker, for our future, because it represents half of our -- approximately half of our Industrial business. So that's a real key one that I think is part of the takeaway we should all be pretty happy with. The other thing is that we do expect to complete the comprehensive restructuring that we talked about. We went into a lot of detail with you about that. There's a lot happening behind the scenes. When you talk about capital deployment and all that, this is one of the major things we're doing this year in that area, spending $100 million on this major restructuring is not a typical program for the company, as we mentioned. So we do plan to complete that. As we've outlined it for you and with the full benefit occurring in fiscal '15. So that's going to be a positive as well. And then as always, I'd like to just take the opportunity to thank our employees for their continued commitment and success that we've had. Our global team really does continue to do a great job executing on the WIN strategy and delivering the positive results that we've seen, so I want to thank all of them. And then just lastly, as Pam indicated, she will be here with Todd the balance of the day if there's any questions or follow-up that's needed. So with that, goodbye and have a great day.
Jon P. Marten: Yes. Andy, Jon here. I think what we did was we looked at our actual results for Q1 and we were comfortable with what our growth rates were that was contained in the original guidance. And because our quarter came in very solid, as -- almost as expected, we ended up deciding to keep the guidance where it is. You'll see in the components of the guidance on the top line, that Aerospace is down a little bit and North America and Industrial International is coming along as projected here for us. So that was our thinking at this point and that's how the comparisons came in for the Q and for the year as we rolled everything up from the bottoms up.
Jon P. Marten: Yes, Joel, Jon here. I think, first on the Aerospace margins. Really, what we saw in Q1 was the impact of a couple of different things. One, we had a mix issue just with a little bit less commercial aftermarket than we had expected and a little bit more OEM business than we had expected. And of course, that impacts the margins. And then also, we saw some effects of some entry into service support that was required. A little bit more in development expenses and then just supporting some of the new airframes and some of the new programs that are going into service, our support cost, to be sure that we're carrying out our obligations in terms of those programs, was higher than we expected. In terms of international margins and including Europe and Asia, I think what we're seeing there is a little bit higher leverage for ourselves as the volume improves, commensurate with the order rates that you're seeing and a little bit of a better increase there. We're also starting to see the benefit in our International margins from our integration efforts from the deals that we did last year and in FY '12. So as we continue the integration process, we're starting to see slightly better margins there, too.
Jon P. Marten: Well, of course, our margins right now, as we are starting to go through that inflection point and our order rates are starting to go up, our MROS is higher than our normal MROS targets. We're targeting, of course, with a -- to have a cost structure that provides us on the upside, 30%-plus, and we certainly did see that in our International business here for the quarter. That's what we'll be targeting for as we go on. So we feel very comfortable through the cycle at 30% and a little bit above 30% here as we start to inflect out of the downturn and follow the order rates that we reported.
Jon P. Marten: Thanks, Jamie. Just first, on the restructuring. We're still in the middle of really working out exactly what the timing of all of that is going to be around the world. We feel very comfortable with our $0.47 that we're sticking with here for the quarter and for the year. And we're feeling very comfortable with what we were able to get accomplished. We were $0.01 shy of what we wanted to do in Q1. And just to set the scale for you, that $0.01 shy of what we wanted to do in Q1 was the entire amount of restructuring that we did in FY '13. So just to emphasize how big of a program this is for us. But, as we went through all the initiatives, the initiatives are intact. They're intact for this year. And Pam has given how they breakout from the first half to the second half. And so -- but it's tricky in terms of exactly the details behind it at this point. We'll be able to probably give you a little bit more detail as to precisely how this has ended up here at the end of Q2. Now, in terms of the guidance for sales, you got to keep in mind a couple of things. One, we took a look at how we did in the quarter. We took a look at how the order rates were coming in. You got to keep in mind that the GE joint venture, from an annual revenue standpoint, is going to remove $200 million a year from us -- from our ability to generate sales. Of course, we won't be able to consolidate that in the future. And we are really just trying to just update it incrementally. We are not taking a look and adjusting our guidance anymore specifically than just feeling really good about doing well in the quarter, coming in almost just in line. And the quarter went as we expected, and our guidance range is just pretty much intact here. A little bit better in International and maybe not quite as good than some of the other segments. But overall, we felt comfortable sticking with our guidance that we put out in August.
Jon P. Marten: No. I think between the mix and the level of complexity and the entry into service support, that's a -- there's a lot of moving parts there, and we are really trying as hard as we can to be as accurate as we can when we update the guidance each quarter. And keep in mind that our backlog for Aerospace is at an all-time high. This is all going to pay back for us in the future. This quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year kind of fluctuation is going to occur here when we're in the middle of the unprecedented number of development programs for us. But we feel very confident that in the long run, this pain that we're going through is going to pay off for us, and it is really going to drive value for the company long term.
Jon P. Marten: It's going to be around that number, Alex. It's been fluctuating from 1.8% to 2.1%. And so we wouldn't expect it to be any less than the 1.8% and probably no more than 2.1%.
Jon P. Marten: This is Jon. I think one part of that answer is that, as Don talked about, there are the bigger deals that we continue to look at. And as we look at the smaller deals, we've been able to do in some years 10 or 12 relatively smaller deals in the $50 million to $200 million range. So I think your math is correct in terms of our ability to fund these. And we are looking at this very hard, every quarter, and we take it very seriously in terms of the cash deployment and our need to do something there. But as Don said, our preference is the pipeline, the acquisition pipeline, and we want to make sure that we've got the liquidity to fund all of the ones that are in our pipeline. And of course, you never know what's going to get in, to the very end, but we want to stay prepared for that.
Jon P. Marten: Well, I think you're right there, Mig. I mean I think most of the upside is in the first quarter, as we looked out, as I said before in the answer to the top line question. It's the middle of October. We just came out in the middle of August here with our guidance for the year. And what we're trying to explain to everybody here is that this year is starting out just like we thought that it was going to. And our Restructuring Program, as we revamped the entire program here and looked at it program by program, initiative by initiative, for the year is coming in remarkably close to the way that we originally envisioned it here at the end of our Q4. So we feel confident in our top line and in our restructuring going forward. Now as we looked at the guidance then, therefore, for the follow-on portion of the ensuing 3 quarters, we felt comfortable enough with our look that we had put together at the year end to maintain that. We made a few minor changes in a couple of the segments and a couple of the quarters here to account for certain activities. We adjusted the tax rate, as Pam explained earlier, and we adjusted for the JV also. But I would characterize our look at the ensuing 3 quarters as consistent with what exactly Don said, a moderate growth following in line with our orders growth. And our ability to generate cash and operating income here are just about where we thought it would be here at the end of Q1. Our savings for the restructuring program has not changed. It's the same as what we had for the beginning of the year at a total of $0.15 for the year. And our first quarter came in just right where we thought that it would. So, so far, so good. We're very proud and we're continuing and we're determined to get through with this restructuring program and get on with providing value to our shareholders and growing the business.
Jon P. Marten: Yes, very much so, Eli. And we're trying to be as transparent as we can. So the $0.47 is a onetime event for FY '14. We don't expect that in FY '15.
Jon P. Marten: I think that for North America, the margins, as you know, are at a historical high. And we are cautious on being able to really take a look at increasing our margins there in North America. I think our order growth there is a combination of distribution and our OEM business. It's not one or the other. And so I think that's the way that we're looking at that going forward. Now in terms of the International margins. I think there are obviously numerous reasons for the increase in our forecast there. But 2 of the biggest ones are our ability to integrate the acquisitions that we have done in the prior couple of years and that ongoing benefit that we're getting there. And then of course, per our guidance for FY '14, we are continuing to focus on our operations there and trying to -- as Pam said, 95% of our restructuring being there, what we're trying to do is to make sure that we are getting the entire company up to the level where we can maintain, for an entire year, our 15% ROS targets that Don talked about last quarter. And so we're seeing some improvement in our international margins, and we're very pleased by that, and so our updated guidance is just reflecting that marginally.
Jon P. Marten: Well, I think that from our viewpoint there, we understand always for the company in all segments, almost, our Q2 is seasonally lower than our Q1. So we will see that impact here for this fiscal year. Our Q3 and our Q4, as I tried to explain earlier, is intact with how we explained our guidance coming out here for the fiscal year. And so since we're only 2 months in, we feel comfortable. Our order rates are coming in where we thought they were. Our end markets are, like always, moving up and down slightly, and we continue to tweak how we are projecting our revenue through the changes in the end markets, not only internationally, but also as well as North America. And so we feel like our numbers that we came in with here for the second half, especially in International Industrial, are good numbers for us to be able to project our future EPS.
Jon P. Marten: I think again, getting to the question, we see again we're looking at these numbers with our restructuring in them. And if I took out the restructuring out of the international margins, they would not be going down. They would be relatively flat to trending up slightly. But the bulk of our restructuring is in the second half, not the first half. So if you're looking at it including the restructuring, then it may appear to be that way to you, but that's not what the underlying trend is in the business going forward.
Jon P. Marten: I think that the way that we were looking at the guidance at the beginning of the year, when we put it together, we showed certain -- as the year went on, certain end markets improving as the year went on. And as we look at updating all of these numbers, like we do every month, and of course on detail every quarter, we saw some of the end markets, maybe not coming back quite as strongly, and I pushed it down in the second half slightly. As Don talked about at the beginning, some of the markets that are down, primarily the construction equipment market, is not coming back quite as quickly as we thought, primarily in our international margins. And so we wanted to account for that as well as a few other markets that weren't really quite as strong as we thought that they were going to be, as we look out now for the next 9 months. Having said that, there's other markets that are doing better than we have projected. And when we rolled them all together, we ended up deciding to just pull that down by 1 point.
Jon P. Marten: I think that there's a, from a top line standpoint, there is an impact of some defense orders. But this is more timing than it is a significant downshift. So we think that there is some impact there. There's also a 1 or 2 commercial programs where they are also a timing issue, where they're moving from FY '14 to FY '15. And then the other, of course, the other major factor there is that there's, going forward on an annual basis, $200 million less in revenue that we will see in the Aerospace segment as a result of the closing of the JV as of October 1.
