Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, and welcome to Parker-Hannifin's third quarter fiscal 2017 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tom Williams; and President and Chief Operating Officer, Lee Banks. Today's presentation slides, together with the audio web-cast replay, will be accessible on the company's investor information website at phstock.com for one year following today's call. On slide number 2, you'll find the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements, as well as non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations for any reference to non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's press release and are posted on Parker's website at phstock.com. Today's call agenda appears on slide number 3. To begin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams, will provide highlights for the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. Following Tom's comments, I'll provide a review of the company's third quarter fiscal year 2017 performance, together with the guidance for full fiscal year 2017. Tom will provide a few summary comments, and then we'll open the call for a Q&A session. At this time, I'll turn it over to Tom and ask that you refer to slide number 4.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah. Why don't I talk about excluding CLARCOR, we've done it multiple ways here to analyze our core business results, but looking at just excluding CLARCOR, we're in the range of – the incremental margins in the third quarter were in the range of the high 40%s.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: I think it's normal for us to be in the high 40%s as we're coming – we're growing and markets are improving. We've seen some also benefit from the simplification efforts we've been making, and I'm giving you a broad total Parker number. On the industrial side, it was higher, in the 50%s. So, it depends on which of the segment of the business you're looking at.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Nathan, this was – in this quarter, we pulled in some development works to help some of our customers get to the end of their – to get their development cost programs finished. So, it was more cost that had been planned for fiscal 2018 that we pulled into this third quarter.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Sure, Joe. Yeah, we're expecting for North America high single-digits organic growth in the fourth quarter. CLARCOR right now is running more mid-single digits, but total Parker North America high single-digits.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah. It's very small so far this year and expected in the fourth quarter as we're just getting started, we do have the full-time team on board, and so we're including the cost for that team. I would say, you can think of it in terms of a couple of million dollars for FY 2017. And then for FY 2018, we're expecting, I think initially, we told you the $90 million would be split about 75% of it would be in the first and second years, you can continue to think in those terms for FY 2018.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Because it was only the month of March with the high sales compared to a normal quarterly month sales, it was higher than mid-single digits for just the month of March. It was actually double-digits.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yes. So March had 23 shipping days and that's a bit unusual. When you look at shipping days per month on a quarterly average, it's closer to 21 days. And CLARCOR tends to have heavy burden of fixed costs, and if you think about amortization being layered in there, you get quite a bit of absorption improvement when you have higher volume. And they saw that in March, but that isn't a normal trend.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah. John, we look at that and we do not forecast any because there is so many variables involved. We don't know how many people will be exercising their options, we don't know what options they're going to exercise at what grant value, and we'd have to also know what we've already incurred as expense because it's only the differential of where they exercise versus what we had already recognized as expense. So there are so many variables that we choose to not try to forecast that, so it's an upside.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yes, a little too early to tell, we're having only CLARCOR for one month, John, but we do – we are optimistic in performance we're seeing and what they will provide for us in cash, we did purposely keep some of the new debt short-term, so that we can be paying it down as we have the cash available, but too soon to tell how much it will happen in FY 2018.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: North America, Andy, we've actually bumped it up, if you consider pulling CLARCOR out, so what you see as the little bit of deterioration is CLARCOR related.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Sure, Mig. Yes, you're correct in that our effective rate for the third quarter was 24.7%. And we are forecasting a higher rate in Q4, and that's really driven by – we have a lot of – a fair amount of the acquisition related expenses that we're incurring are going to be – are not tax deductible. So we're expecting to have to finish the year at an overall effective rate higher than what you saw come through in Q3, reflecting those non-deductible expenses, and also a little bit of shift in mix between U.S. and foreign. You're right in that there will be upside to the rate if we have a heavy amount of stock option exercises at the current stock price, it's likely going to be a nice credit for us, but we just have no way of forecasting how much that might be.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah. That's a real number. We are benefiting $30 million this year and certainly that carries over and we will see some rollover full year impact from the initiatives we've done this year.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah. The majority of that is tail-end of the year, because some of the initiatives that we've done, it is – it takes time to see the benefit of it, so heavily weighted towards the second half of the year.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: So, that $163 million was our initial estimate, but actually we're seeing that much lower, it's $130 million a year as we have preliminary – preliminarily estimated the beginning balance sheet, and we're still fine-tuning that and it may tweak slightly as we finish the fourth quarter. But right now, we're estimating a $130 million a year. The debt costs also came in lower. We were estimating additional interest expense of about $100 million, and that's now solidly in the books at $73 million incremental per year as we were able to get better rates on the bonds that we sold.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Sure, Jeff. We're seeing for Europe mid-single digits; Asia Pacific is mid-teens; and Latin America also in the mid-teen range.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah, good question, Steve, I'm glad you asked. So, in the number of one-off acquisition related expenses is the gross up of the value of the inventory that we bought from CLARCOR, that's about $39 million, and that will roll through cost of sales over a three-month period. So, we incurred one-third of that in March and we'll incur the rest of it in April and May and then that rolls off.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah. But keep in mind that we have adjusted that out. So, the accretion that we're telling you has taken the impact of that out.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Yeah. We still anticipate growth in Aerospace. What you see in the zero order rate for the 12-month rolling now in March – as of March 31, we had a pretty significant military OEM order come through in January of 2016, it was a multiyear order. That has now dropped from the numerator into the denominator causing tough comparables. So, it's a little bit of a misnomer. It's a little bit deceiving to see that flat. We do anticipate continued growth. We're seeing nice improvement these days in the MRO, especially the military MRO business. Commercial OEM is a little down year-over-year, but commercial MRO is strong. So, military good, commercial struggling a little bit in the OE side, but strong in the aftermarket side.
Catherine A. Suever - Parker: Okay, thanks, Shannon. This concludes our Q&A and our earnings call. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Robert and Ryan will be available throughout the day to take your call should you have any further questions. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Thanks, Cathy. We've continued to make progress through fiscal 2017 and our third quarter continued this momentum. I'd like to thank our team members around the world for their dedicated efforts. We are making meaningful progress with the new Win Strategy, which is designed to drive top quartile performance versus our proxy peers and generate long-term shareholder value. All signs point to a strong close to the fiscal year. More importantly we continue to see opportunities that will allow us to achieve our key financial objectives by the end of fiscal 2020, which includes organic sales growth of 150 basis points higher than the rate of global industrial production, 17% segment operating margins and a compound annual growth rate and earnings per share of 8% over this five-year period. This is a special year for us at Parker as we celebrate our 100 year anniversary. We are very proud of our history and confident of the bright future that we see in front of us. So, with that, at this time, we're ready to take questions. So, Shannon, if you could go ahead and get it started.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Nathan, this is Tom. Because aerospace was a little challenged with some extra development costs in the quarter that kind of deflated the marginal return on sales a little bit. If you back that out, just look at industrial and then also take all the acquisitions out, we're in the mid-50%s. Now, I would not project a mid-50% MROS for us going forward. We tend to have the first quarter to up about that level, and then glide back down to a more steady state of plus 30%, but these margins are really, really stellar that we put up in this quarter.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Okay, Jamie, I'll start then I'll hand it over to Lee for the markets. On MROS, I think with CLARCOR all in (27:43) you should see us do what we've historically done. If – that plus a little bit more, because everything we've done as a company, with the new Win Strategy, the fixed costs that we've taken out, simplification. So I think you could model historical plus a little bit better. On the integration, it's going terrific. I'm very pleased with integration so far. The teamwork between both companies basically becoming one, they are the talent that the cultural fit, all the synergies, very interesting, the synergies we thought when we're kind of looking at it, more isolated now that we're looking at it jointly. There is a lot of harmony between both teams looking at and saying we've created, this is a dynamite list. So we're very encouraged and there is – as we go forward, we update you in August give you a better clarity as to the cost to achieve and the savings for that fiscal year, but we're off to a good start with that. And then on the markets, I would just tell you that's it's nice – it's really nice having sat in this room now for 10 quarters to have a quarter where we have an exciting organic growth story to tell you. I mean, it's across pretty much board, and I'll let Lee give you the color on that.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Yeah. The trend – Joe this is Tom. The trends through the quarter, North America and Europe showed steady progress through the quarter and Asia Pacific and Latin America were pretty much consistent, stayed at a high level for the quarter, and April is consistent with what we saw and it's reflected in the guide. So, in general, I think Lee kind of hit it, we're encouraged, but couple of more quarters would just solidify that for us.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: John, I'll start at a high level and I'll let Cathy fill in, add any more details, but our goal is, we're about 3.2 times debt-to-EBITDA. Over the next 24 months to 36 months, we want to drive it down to the 2.0 debt-to-EBITDA. So, we're going – the cash flow, we're very proud of at almost 12%, CFOA, we're going to be using that to help pay down the debt and we're encouraged by what we've seen so far as far as synergies and our ability to put these businesses together, so we think cash will continue to be a very strong component of it. But that's the focus is driving that down.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: David, it's Tom. We can't predict it at this point. I mean I know everybody would like me to start talking about FY 2018 in April, but FY 2018 is hard enough to talk about in August. So we'll give you the color on that, we just started our process internally. So, I'm going to just ask you to wait until we get to August.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Really, so I mean, have to go do that math, but part of it'll be (43:15) doing that math, but also, we'll be talking to our customers, looking at economic forecasts. So, it's not just trying to take current quarter and projecting it out and comparing it to prior periods. It's actually looking and understanding end demand and what's going on. So, we will do that, but that's not the only factor that will influence it.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: David, I think the best approach would be take it offline. You and Robin and Ryan can talk about in the follow-up call.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Yeah. Sure, Ann. This is Tom. We actually think the supply chain side has a tremendous amount of synergies because CLARCOR is a very decentralized company similar to us. However, they ran a very decentralized buying organization. So they didn't leverage any of their spend or very little of the spend across their various businesses. So, you've got leverage there, first, just by itself. But then combining it with our spend as well, you have that aggregation. So, we see big upside. And I think all of you know, we've been careful on breaking the buckets up, because obviously, some of those buckets are sensitive to how you – how we would disclose these things. But you can rest assured, we have a very finite detail by major cost bucket and supply chain being one of the largest actually, and it's the natural things you would think of. The Win Strategy initiatives, corporate SG&A, supply chain, leveraging the manufacturing capabilities for both of our companies. And the advantage here is not just looking at one isolated, it's the combination, so looking at both of our manufacturing capabilities and leveraging that. And just part of how we did – we did this with our own insight and what's really been great is now with the CLARCOR team's viewpoint, and we've been spot on as far as in agreement as what we think we need to do, which has been very encouraging.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: I think what we'll certainly do is every quarter, starting in August we'll give you the projection that we think we'll do for that fiscal year as far as cost to achieve, then the synergies that we're going to get and then we'll update how we're doing every quarter against that. The supply chain savings, I am not worried about disclosing that, so if that's something in particular that you'd like to see, we can provide more detail. I also don't want to scatter the herd on my suppliers either, so we'll have to think about how much of that we actually do. But the team on the phone has to – you have to be very confident that we have this down to a very finite detail by major bucket. There is various sensitivities as you disclose that, that we'll just have to consider, but certainly we're going to give you the total and how we're tracking against it.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Ann, it's Tom again. I guess the encouraging thing is there's been no negative surprises, it's all been positive reinforcement and affirmation of the assumptions we made. And I am very pleased with the leadership talent and the strength of the organization. I am pleased with the cultural fit, I am pleased with the fact that both teams are working as one. When I look at these synergies and there's been a lot of buy-in as to what we have to do to make both of our filtration businesses, the best filtration business in the world. So – and I'm knocking on wood, I couldn't be happier with the start.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Yeah. Millie (52:47), it's Tom. Well, first of all, when we set those targets, they were top quartile performance threshold for our peer group and that continues to be a good number. I am very happy to relook at that number once we've achieved it. I don't want to de-motivate the team by moving it before we've actually achieved it. So, we're going to achieve it first, we're going to obviously continue to drive continuous improvement and we'll also look at what top quartile is running at that time because we see our abilities to continue to get more profitable all the time, but we're not going to move the 17% target until we actually achieve it.
Thomas L. Williams - Parker: Joe, it's Tom. Again, I'd characterize it as early days still. There's some things that we moved out more on division consolidations and those type of things. But we'll continue to look at that and we'll certainly update you on the plans we might have there in the future. But the bigger area that has, I think, the most upside is that whole revenue complexity that looking at the product line simplification, that last couple percent of revenue and the complexity associated with that want to service our customer to make it faster and better experience for them, but also to redesign our organization and our processes and SG&A cost that supports that. So I am very encouraged because every time we look at that, I still see tremendous upside. That part that I just described, the product line complexity is hard work, I've described this as hand-to-hand combat, you got to go part number by part number to go through that. So that's why I characterize that it's still very early days because a company of our size with the number of part numbers, there's still a lot of work we're doing and we're very active on that, and I think you'll see that'd be a contributor for margin expansion for multiple years.
Lee C. Banks - Parker: Yeah. Nathan, it's Lee. I mean, I think the exciting part for us, industrial in North America is we saw a lot of our distributor partners see a substantial increase in their backlog throughout the quarter. So that's had a knock-on effect of order entry and shipments. I'm sure there's some marginal inventory restocking, but I wouldn't call that a significant driver of what's happening, I would characterize it more as real demand.
Lee C. Banks - Parker: No, that's fine. So I think, I wanted to just to highlight here, which was kind of nice, this is the strongest orders growth we've had since Q1 of FY 2012. So it's been some time that it's been and we've had that kind of inflection. Just talking about the industrial markets. As we look through all our end-markets and we track these kind of on a giant heat map, it's hard to find any significant market that's natural positive year-over-year order entry growth during the quarter. And really, Jamie, to highlight some of the key markets, I think if you bucket all the natural resource end markets, those continue to grow during the quarter. We kind of saw some of it last quarter that I highlighted. But this would include agriculture, construction equipment, mining, oil and gas. The number in oil and gas rigs, North America, nearly doubled from a year ago, and we've just seen an appreciable pickup in quotes and order entry activity for a lot of rigs that have been stored where parts have the cannibalized. So, it's really not new rig activity, it's just a lot of MRO, which is great business for our guys. We also saw a really nice rebound in activity from our distributor partners around the world. So, for the first time and we're up worldwide with all their distributor partners for some time. And I'd say other notable markets that grew during the quarter, microelectronics was strong, HVAC in our refrigeration, very strong telecom, Class 8 truck, were all really strong markets. If I can, I'll just – as long as I'm going here Jamie, I'll just cover the regions real quick, I'm not going to walk through the markets, but just give you some color on the regions.
Lee C. Banks - Parker: So, in North America, as I just talked was very strong really encouraged by the increasing end market activity. And it was really nice just to see a significant increase in backlog with some of our distributor partners that really been hit hard by the oil and gas, natural resource end market collapse. In EMEA, we saw strong order entry growth during the quarter, and it kind of built as the quarter went on, in fact this will be the first year we expect year-over-year organic growth in three years in EMEA. So, we're hoping that's going to continue as we go forward. And then Asia, Asia is really strong. I mean, China continues the lead with strong industrial and natural resource end markets, and the strength in China really has been led by a significant infrastructure investment and strong housing market. And we also see emerging markets in Southeast Asia continuing to show great growth. So, we're really happy with what's happening. There is clearly a positive global sentiment to growth right now anywhere you go, but I think we'll be happier if we see a couple of more quarters of this can order entry growth going forward.
Lee C. Banks - Parker: Well. It's been strong the last couple of quarters and I talked about this infrastructure build. You've seen – if I look at all the Chinese national manufacturers' construction equipment. I mean their production has more than doubled than what it was a year ago. So, it's just really strong, but there has been strength over the last year in rail, there has been a lot of strength in life science industries that we serve. So, it's been positive across many different fronts.
Lee C. Banks - Parker: Andy, I think order entry up is across many different markets. So, those customers are placing orders. To what extent they're trying to create a buffer of inventory is really hard for me to see, their say. But I would characterize most of the demand that we're seeing is real demand based on what I see on production rates with our customers is being passed through.
Lee C. Banks - Parker: So Mig, it's Lee. I think when you think about motion systems, some of the big drivers in there are really around those natural resource end markets. So, think about construction equipment, mining, even land-based oil and gas. And I think what's encouraging is, globally, we're seeing a significant rebound on those. So, it's been a big driver of what's happening in China. So, it is trending in the way of getting us back to where we've been.
Lee C. Banks - Parker: Millie (53:40), it's Lee. I mean, price cost absolutely is a challenge but I don't think it's going to be a challenge for us in terms of affecting margin. So, we've seen escalation in some key commodities, but we've also been able to realize price in certain parts of our channel. So we track our cost input, that's our PPI index and we track our kind of our sales number which is our selling price index and we've got a positive GAAP between the two and we expect that to continue going forward.
