Pamela J. Huggins: Thank you, Carma. Good morning, everyone. This is Pam speaking, just as Carma mentioned. I'd like to welcome you to Parker Hannifin's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Release Teleconference. Joining me today is Don Washkewicz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; and Jon Marten, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. For those of you who wish to do so, you can follow today's presentation with the PowerPoint slides that have been presented on Parker's website at www.phstock.com. And for those of you not online, the slides will remain posted on the company's Investor Information website, again, at www.phstock.com and they will remain there one year after today's call. At this time, if you would reference Slide #2 in the slide deck, which is the Safe Harbor disclosure statements, which addresses forward-looking statements. If you haven't done so already, would you please take note of this statement in its entirety. Moving to Slide #3, this slide, as required, indicates that in cases where non-GAAP numbers have been used, they've been reconciled to the appropriate GAAP numbers and are posted on Parker's website as well. To cover the agenda for today, on Slide #4, the call will be in 4 parts. First, Don, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, will provide highlights for the quarter. Second, I'll provide a review, including key performance measures of the first quarter, concluding with the revised fiscal year '12 guidance. The third part of the call will consist of the standard, the question-and-answer session. And for the fourth part of the call today, Don will close with some final comments. So at this time, I'll turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to Slide #5, titled First Quarter Fiscal Year '12 Highlights.
Pamela J. Huggins: Plus, David, you have to remember that the guidance for the most part is incorporating the beat from the first quarter and it's also incorporating the lower share count.
Pamela J. Huggins: And, Jeff, and I just want to caution you, sometimes I think if you look historically, you'll see that third quarter sometimes can be very, very strong. Not to be repeated in the second quarter going forward, if you look at the historical numbers, you'll see that.
Pamela J. Huggins: Terry, this is Pam speaking. I mean, we you really get down into it and you start looking at the absolute dollars, because the comp sometimes can be a little confusing. You're exactly right, and what you're saying really hits home because what happened is we did see some rebound throughout the quarter in September. I wouldn't say that international orders as a total are on an incline. But we feel pretty comfortable that they're hanging in there. I think it's the way that Don described it. There's a strong 3/12, the 12/12 is hanging in there but we did see rebound in September across the International business.
Pamela J. Huggins: Yes. And in the first quarter, we had $0.06 projected. Okay, that really came in at about $0.02 for the first quarter. So we didn't do -- so we pushed that into the second, third and fourth quarter. But overall, quite frankly, Jamie, we think that the restructuring is going to be a little bit down from the $0.15 that we gave you last time.
Pamela J. Huggins: Well, it's not that it takes longer. There are several projects going on. And sometimes, you don't know exactly when you're going to get approval for those. You have to go through the works councils and those types of things. And so you're -- we're giving you guidance based on estimates that are initially projected hoping that it will get through works council and sometimes, it just doesn't get approved timely and so then we have to push it out.
Pamela J. Huggins: Yes, we necessarily would not hear that, Josh, just where we fit in the food chain and the way our business plays out. Not to say that it doesn't have an impact.
Pamela J. Huggins: Well, there are several things that are in there. Number one, we built some inventory in the first quarter that we think is going to play out in the second quarter. We also have lower revenues in the second quarter. We have some higher R&D expense that's built in for Aerospace. We also have less maintenance repair into overhaul, that's going to come through in Aerospace in the second quarter versus the first. And as you well know, we have the holidays and vacations and CIC is going to be seasonally weak, picking up in the third and fourth quarter.
Pamela J. Huggins: Currency, as you well know, really flipped on us. We don't try to project what currency is. We take the exchange rate at the end of the year and we compare it to the exchange rate in the prior year. And that's what we build into the forecast. So it went from a positive of over $200 million to now it's going to be relatively flat for this year. It's positive in the first quarter and then it sequentially gets negative. It plays out throughout the first -- second, third and fourth quarter. It gets more negative as it goes through the year.
Pamela J. Huggins: I wouldn't say that's fair. I mean, we give a range, obviously, because I don't think anybody can be that precise, Eli. But as you well know, we kind of feel comfortable with the midpoint of our range and we wrap a range around that. And the range is wrapped around there because, obviously, in any forecast, there are risks. There are things that can happen to the downside, and there are things that can happen to the upside. And that's for you to determine as just as well as we can. And so really when we're looking at it, we're looking more at the midpoint of the range.
Pamela J. Huggins: At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Don, who has just a few closing comments and as I won't have a chance afterwards, I would just like to thank all of you for participating on the call today. Thank you. And here's Don.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, thanks, Pam, and welcome to everyone on the call. To start the call, I want to take a moment to just point out some of the highlights for the quarter. As you could see from the press release, we're off to a great start for fiscal 2012 and I wanted to, first of all, just recognize our global team for delivering just another outstanding quarter performance for the company. So here's a few of the records that we had for the quarter. Sales were a first quarter record, all-time record of $3.2 billion and that was a 14% increase over last year's quarter. And of that, almost 11% was organic growth, of that increase. Orders increased 9% compared with the first quarter last year. We were able to drive very strong profitability levels through our total operating margin from our total segment operating margin that reached an all-time quarterly record of 16.1%. And that was driven by North American Industrial margins at 18.5%. So very strong activities on the margin level in those 2 areas. Our incremental marginal return on sales was 20% for the quarter, and that's better than the first half forecast that we had given you on the guidance, which was about 16%. Again, we still have a quarter to go. So that could trend down a little bit or maybe remain around 20%, but we're pretty pleased with where we started the year as far as our incremental margins so far. Net income was also a record quarterly -- or a quarterly record at $298 million. And that increased almost 20%. And our net income margin was a record 9.2%. I think our last record was in the 8% somewhere -- 8%, somewhere between 8% and 9%. Diluted earnings per share were above guidance and represented an all-time record of $1.91 and that was 26% increase from last year's quarter. We continue to build a very strong financial position, operating cash flow for the quarter was about $309 million or just close to 10% of sales. So very strong cash flow generation for the company. Due to the depressed market conditions and price of our shares, we were active in repurchasing our own stock. We repurchased 4.4 million shares in the quarter and that was close to $300 million worth of Parker stock. And that's on top of the 700 million approximately that we did last year for a total of around $1 billion in the last year or so. So overall, we're very pleased with our strong start to the fiscal year 2012. We remain in an extremely strong position to drive record performance throughout the balance of this fiscal year. We've increased the guidance. As you could see, we had a midpoint before when we started the fiscal year at $7.10, we increased that to $7.55 now. And that represents a 19% increase in earnings at the midpoint and would represent another record year for the company. So we're on a pretty good path here to set another record. Our increased guidance reflects our strong first quarter. Of course, there's a lower share comp because of the repurchases in there but also continued growth based on our order entry trends and so forth that we see, continued growth for the full fiscal 2012. So now I'm going to turn it back over to Pam and she's going to go into a little bit more detail for you.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, Ann, this is Don. I can kind of run through some of that for you. I think the place where we see the most strength in North America is really from our North American distribution. When we look at the 3/12 pressure curves and the 12/12 pressure curves there, they're extremely strong, one of the strongest segments for us being the, of course, huge installed base that we have out there in this aftermarket and the fact that, that distribution segment is doing extremely well. So that would be the one area of great strength for us, that's 50% of our Industrial business. Heavy-duty truck is another strong segment, running real strong on both the 3/12 and 12/12 pressure curves. Construction, very strong. Refrigeration's flat. And I think we mentioned that air-conditioning and refrigeration are both flat, both commercial and residential, on both sides. Semiconductor is actually going down. So -- and we've said that last quarter that we anticipated that was going to happen, in fact it is. So the 3/12 is declining and the 12/12 pressure curves is heading for the 100% line. So that's moving in that direction. Process industries are strong on both the 3/12 and 12/12 pressure curves. Aerospace, declining on the 12/12 but we don't see any issue there, no major problems there. And it's a little bit hard to measure, that's because these orders come in a little lumpy. So, right now though, the 12/12 is well above 100%. The other -- I guess, the only other area that I would mention would be agriculture and that's extremely strong and remaining strong, having a very positive 3/12 and 12/12 pressure curves in both areas. So those would be some of the specific markets. Pretty broad-based though, when you look at the strength of the specific OEM markets for us, but also the half of our business that comes from the aftermarket, through distribution primarily, is extremely strong as well.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Ann, we look at that and basically, I would say right now, it's pretty broad-based. Oil and gas has been pretty active, so down in the Southwest, I think we've got a, in particular, a lot of activity going on down there. But when you look across the United States, we see strength pretty much throughout the country and that's really driving this strong quarter entry trends.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, Europe is still doing fine. Asia, as you know, is trending down and we anticipated that last quarter. But again, when we talk about Asia going down and China in particular, we're talking about from a 12% GDP down to maybe a 9% or 10% GDP. And we'll see how long that sustains. Typically, what we've seen over there, it's been a short-lived thing and typically activity picks up again. But even at 9% or 10%, we're happy with those kind of numbers, we can deal with that. Incrementals over in Asia are a little bit lower than what we would like to see. But keep in mind that we're putting a lot of infrastructure in Asia to support future growth there. So I mean, both in India and China and elsewhere, we've got a lot of investment going on in Asia to participate in the high growth rates that we're seeing from that region. Europe, kind of the same thing. What we see is -- not the same thing, I shouldn't say, as far as trends. Europe, if we look at the pressure curves in Europe, we would see strong 3/12s, which is indicative of what we're going to see coming up here in the future months as far as the trend of the 12/12. And the 12/12 pressure curves, this would be last 12 months over the previous year, is hanging in there very strong. They're both declining slightly, which can be expected for this part in the business cycle. But I would say right now, Europe looks very good for us. All of the major countries there, being Germany, France, U.K., Italy, are all looking good. So we're not as concerned about the smaller countries. Of course, we want to see strength across the board but the major ones are all doing very well and remain strong for us. So that's the reason we're pretty optimistic about Europe going forward. In spite of the fact that, of course, everybody's been reading the newspapers and I'd just make one other comment, if we haven't talked ourselves into a double-dip by now, we probably won't because we've been talking about it for better part of 2 quarters here. And Europe with the Greece problem and the debt problem hanging over us and the $14 trillion debt in the United States, if we haven't talked ourselves into it yet, I don't think it's probably going to happen anytime soon. So having said that, that's the reason why we're kind of bullish going forward through the balance of our fiscal year. Hopefully, that helps you, Ann.
Donald E. Washkewicz: No, it's pretty much that if you look at Europe, Alex, we had a very strong incremental in Europe, actually well above 20%. So we were doing pretty good there. The Asia was the big factor and it's pretty much just what I said, we've got a lot of investment going in there. And of course, the order trend has been down, so we're carrying that investment on a lower order activity and a sales activity. And just trying to -- you couldn't believe all the activity going on in Asia, just trying to get our organization -- we're hiring hundreds of engineers and all kind of technical people to try to support this level of activity there. We're doing more systems work. We're putting in a dozen facilities over there, just a tremendous amount of activity. If you look behind the scenes here, you'd be surprised that -- how much is going on here. So it's really that incremental impact by Asia that has really impacted the International number.
Donald E. Washkewicz: I think it's all of the above. I think the facts are here that when you see the strong OEM activity we've got going on, okay, I pointed out the aftermarket because of it's -- in particular, it's extremely strong. But it's so broad-based that I can't really point to any one factor that's driving that. It's just very broad-based and I think it's indicative of the fact that the order trends here in North America are still very positive. There's a lot of activity going on in spite of what you're reading in The New York Times. And so I think that, that's really the -- what's happening is that we just have a broad-base level of activity in a lot of different markets and our distribution is really participating in that. So I can't really point to any specific area for you, Alex.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, David, this is Don. I would just say that we just raised prices in July, about 2% overall. Our gross margin now is a record for the company. You might have noticed that, at 25%. What we will do is we will have an increase but I think what we have to do is really take a serious look at our cost base because, of course, that's going to be the driver for any pricing change and what happens in the market. And from a cost standpoint, when we look at raw materials, of course raw materials are starting to trend -- not all of them, but some of them are starting to trend down. And the other raw materials, like steel and some of the rubber and plastic ingredients and things like that, are flattening out. So there won't be as much pressure on us, certainly, as there had been in prior periods, to have a really -- need for a price increase to the same extent that we've had in the past. But there will be increases going forward. Again, we'll evaluate that. It will be a group-by-group, division-by-division product line evaluation, using our strategic pricing teams. And -- but I would think that the order of magnitude will be smaller only because there will be a lower, at least at this point, unless something changes, there's a lower, a lot of less pressure due to raw material increases or actually raw materials flattening out here.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes. Jeff, Don here. As far as the share repurchase, we did about -- we were going to do about $80 million a year in share repurchase and that's just to avoid dilution due to share -- stock option exercises and so forth. So we'll do $80 million as a minimum. We, of course, do evaluation on Parker. And we evaluate Parker along with all the other acquisition opportunities out there and we've seen that -- we've had great a opportunity to acquire some shares at a very, very depressed price. So we're looking at that all the time and we're going to evaluate that in light of everything else that we want to spend the money on or potentially spend money on going forward here. Our first priority, of course, for the company is to maintain a strong balance sheet and we want to keep an A-rated debt. That's key for us. From a growth standpoint, of course we want to focus on supporting the 10% growth target for the company, about half of that being acquisitions. We've talked about what. We'd like to do more than what we've done in the recent past. The reason why we cut the $300 million off at $300 million so far this year is because we do have some things in the pipeline that, hopefully, will be coming through. And if that's the case, there's no sense in buying shares back. If we're going to be doing some acquisitions, we'll need a capital for that. So we've kind of held back a little bit here. If that doesn't materialize, I think that -- and if the stock continues to be depressed at these levels that it's at, then we'll certainly take another look and potentially do more share buyback. CapEx, supporting the internal growth is going to be key. You can figure 2% to 3% CapEx is kind of what we've been running. I would anticipate that, that will be what we're going to be doing in the future. And the last component -- well, 2 components actually, pensions. We were trued up as far as pensions. We don't have to do anything as far as pensions this year, so we're pretty much -- we did all that last year. We got caught up, so we're okay until fiscal 2013. And then the dividends, we're going to continue to look at that and the key for dividends is to try to keep the yield approximately in the midpoint of our peer group. We're a little bit lower than that now, we recognize that. And we did increase dividends 42% last year, we're going to take another look going forward here and we'll make a determination what, if anything, we want to do with the dividends. But we want to keep it at about the median of peers. And we want to target about a 25% payout over the cycle. We're a little bit shy of that right now but we're targeting -- we want to basically get caught up and hit about 25% over the cycle on dividend payouts. And we don't want to do anything to disturb that 55-year record of dividend increases year-on-year. So hopefully, that gives you a little overview as to where our priorities are as far as cash deployment.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, we have been -- Jeff, we have been focused on M&A. It's just a matter of timing as to what might come through. We did about $80-some-million in this last period, a small one in Korea, we made an acquisition, we did -- purchased out a joint venture, half of a joint venture that we had going on in China. So we invested about $80 million, $90 million in those 2 activities. So it's not that we're not doing anything, we'd like to do more and we do have some more coming back, coming through the pipeline at that. Some are getting close to maybe being announced here but we have some -- we have to work through some issues on a couple of these and get the contracts finalized. So hopefully, we can see something coming through the balance of this fiscal. But I can tell you this, that the entire corporation, all groups, all divisions are actively looking and actively targeting strategic acquisitions, things that will be synergistic, acquisitions that will be synergistic to our current business.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Terry, Don. Well those are all in our numbers, okay? All of the activity, all the cuts, everything is represented in those 3/12, 12/12 numbers that we're talking about. So, yes, we are aware of certain segments of the markets over there that are cutting back a little bit. Some of this is typical of what they've done in this last period, because keep in mind, Europe, when you talk about December in Europe, not a whole lot goes on in Europe in December. So they don't need a whole lot of purchases in December to support the December activity. So the second quarter for Europe is really soft as well. I don't know if some of these cuts are more typical of what we see every year or this is something above or beyond that. But based on my order trends in the 3/12s and 12/12s and the specific markets that we track, it doesn't look like anything all that unusual to us.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Terry, I think -- Jon, again, that really what you're seeing there is an uptick in the OEM volume. And that's what's really driving that change in those numbers.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, I think you've hit on it. I think the -- we do feel like the major portion of the headwinds on the price cost relationship are behind us. We feel like that we're more even keeled going forward. We feel like we should get some accelerating incrementals as -- which is what you'll see is indicative in our guidance, when you get a chance to analyze it, going forward here for Industrial North America. And so right now, we're not way ahead from a price-cost but we're not behind like we were as we were talking about in Q2 and Q3 of last year.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, first of all, let me try to answer the Aerospace question first, Jamie. The margins in Q1, the increase there that you're seeing is related to the volume that we saw and the mix that we saw, but the volume that we saw related to the MRO portion of commercial, MRO portion of the business, that commercial MRO portion of the business drove the margins that you're seeing right now. Now to the question that you asked about, well, what can we expect from that going forward? That tends to be lumpy over time. So we're not seeing a pattern that is going to give us a step function up in that business for the balance of the year. So our guidance takes into account all the different portions of the Aerospace business, via the OEM and commercial. The OEM and the MRO as well as the commercial and the military portions of the business. Now for the restructuring, we really had $0.15 last year and we're now at $0.09 right now today and we are continuing to focus most of our restructuring in Europe. We're still planning on that restructuring in Europe and we've got it baked into our Q3 and Q4 going forward. And so I'm hoping that, that's answering your question there.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Jamie, this is Don. But I think what Pam is saying is that we're not getting help from this, okay, extraordinary help. By the time the year's out, we're going to basically burn through about what we said we're going do here, give or take a penny or 2. So I mean, it's not like we're going to be way off the mark.
Donald E. Washkewicz: No, I would not really draw that conclusion. We're certainly seeing volume increases and our guidance is indicative of volume increases here. I mean, after all, we are still in a GDP expansion growth, as Don indicated earlier, in Asia and most of the economies in Asia, of course. And we're seeing still, very healthy growth in some of our key market segments in Europe right now. So no, I would not say that it's all price.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Josh, this is Don again. Just to comment on incrementals. As we've always said, that -- the kind of the relevant range is in the 20% to 30% range. And, of course, we've been higher than 30% when we're coming out of a deep hole like we did 1 year to 2 years ago, coming out of this recession. And digging out, we're going to have very incrementals. That's trending down to something what we consider more normal because as you're growing, of course, you're going to have to add infrastructure, you're going to add some additional overhead and so forth. That brings our incrementals down in the neighborhood of 20%. And the 20% now is what we did in the first quarter. We forecasted about 16%, all things considered. We did a little bit better but that's the 16% for the half on an incremental basis. The only way that I would say is going forward, you might see worse incrementals if our volume shrinks because, of course, we now have that infrastructure in place. And if you got lower volume on the same infrastructure, your incrementals are going to be lower. That's all baked in into our forecast, and so as we look at the second quarter and we've given you the indication here that, as we do every year on the second quarter, that the second quarter is not going to be as good as the first. And it won't be as good as the third and the fourth quarter because that's just the way our business runs. Keep in mind the incrementals will probably be suppressed slightly because of that as well because their volume is going down. So anytime you have a shrinking volume, you're going to get some compression on incremental. If you got an expansion going on, you're going to have a much more favorable incremental. So I hope that's helpful to you.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, for the R&D expense, you -- we pretty much hit the number that we were expected to hit in Q1 for R&D. So the increased margins is not as a result of underspending in R&D. Our guidance includes our R&D as we had originally envisioned, the cost structure getting us here in FY '12. The R&D though, as a percent of the total sales, is right now estimated to be -- it has been running about 10, a little over 10. It's now estimated to be in the 9 to 10 range.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, I think, Eli, if you look at those numbers, I think 48 5 or 49, whatever the number is, it doesn't necessarily mean that manufacturing is going to 0. I think there's a relevant range around 50 that's still would indicate growth here, it's just much slower growth. And that certainly would capture to 49. We don't anticipate based on our order trends. I don't think that, that's going to hold up in the -- for the second half. I don't think those kinds of rates are going to hold up. I think what we're seeing from the 3/12 and 12/12 that it's going to be more positive than that. But again, time will tell but again, we're looking at hard orders here that we can see at least out into the second half. And from our major countries, Germany being the strongest and then the other ones that I mentioned earlier, I think we feel pretty confident that Europe is going to continue to grow. And they'll get this issue with Greece behind them hopefully, in the next 6 months or so.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, the time to see, we have the infrastructure, well, we have infrastructure going in last year that we're already seeing benefits from. We've got additional, as I mentioned, probably 8 or 10 facilities going in. Some of those facilities are to localize certain products that we were currently importing. We think that we're going to get to abouta $3 billion region by 2014 from maybe what we're going to do, maybe $2 billion this year if we hit our numbers, to $3 billion in a couple of years. So we're building that infrastructure. Again it's about 10 facilities. That would include -- primarily, the facilities would be in China and India, okay? The expansion that we've got going on and new facilities in India and in China. So you're going to see the benefit over the next 2 years here as we build this business up to $3 billion for us.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes, it's a combination of both. I think the fact that we're bringing in quality products that the local manufacturers are demanding and the customers are starting to demand and if you're going to export any of that product that they're making there, they're going to have to have the quality of products that we have manufactured. So we're going to be penetrating market there, we're going to be displacing some locals, maybe acquiring some locals along the way, if that's appropriate for us. Really, a combination of all of the above.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes, Pam, thanks. And just once again, I want to thank everyone on the call for joining us this morning. I think we had a pretty good dialogue and discussion about what -- where we are today and what's going to happen the balance of this fiscal year at least. And so hopefully, we can continue on the path that we're going now and achieve some more records for the company. I also want to once again, thank the employees for their continued commitment to serve our customers. It had been a challenge for us as you're digging out of a deep hole with the cutbacks that we had, to be able to respond. And I think we have done a great job responding. It was through the hard work and effort of those employees that we were able to deliver the record performance that we have now. And this is, by the way, the fourth quarter now, and I know many of those -- our analysts obviously know this, this is the fourth quarter of back-to-back record performance and I know 4 quarters ago they were thinking -- some of the writeups were saying that well this is it, this is the peak. Well, the peak hasn't peaked yet, so we're pretty excited about the fact that we've had 4 quarters. We're going to go for, hopefully, 4 more here. And then many of you have been around 10 years tracking us, some have not. But this is the 10th year now, if you can believe it or not, of the -- when we launched the Win Strategy 10 years ago. And we're confident that we can continue to build on the record results we have here today as we continue to focus on the Win Strategy going forward. So pretty excited about that. A lot of good things to talk about, a lot of good activity going on in the company in a broad base of different markets and areas for us. So, once again, I want to thank you for your participation, all the folks that are on the call and for the questions and review of our business conditions. And if you have any other questions for Pam or for any of us, Pam will be available the rest of the day. So I want to just end with that and say goodbye and have a great day. Thank you.
Jon P. Marten: Well, David, this is Jon. I think we're seeing a couple of things here from an international standpoint. Number one, we had a -- as we're revising the guidance going forward, we're of course taking into account a very strong first quarter. So that is impacting the numbers that you're looking at here just a little bit. They also -- another major factor that we're seeing internationally that is helping our margins maintain where they have been and really growing to a certain extent is our 2 major initiatives here in the company as encompassed in the Win Strategy, our pricing and what we're trying to do there in Asia and in Europe. And number two, what we're doing from a strategic procurement standpoint, that we've organized ourselves along our supply chains in each region around the world. And those organizations, especially in Asia but also in Europe, are really starting to provide significant benefits to us. And so that gives us the confidence looking forward here at our margins and that's why we can make the guidance the way that we did.
Jon P. Marten: One other fact to just -- again there's going to be a different answer at every single region internationally but if you really focus at some certain specific portions of Europe as an example, the restructuring that we took last year and the year before is really starting to pay benefits for us in this year coming up. And we're starting to see the benefits from that. So, yes, volume, there's no doubt. Volume is changing as indicated by our order pattern, but we are really in a point right now here where the real change at the midpoint is not as significant as it may sound to you right now.
Jon P. Marten: Jeff, this is Jon. Really, we had a really strong North America results. When you look at division-by-division, region-by-region, we'll have some upsides and downsides, but nothing that we would normally call out in a call like this. And it's just very, very strong, very strong results.
Jon P. Marten: Yes, the mix is a very good term for it here. And as we go through our normal seasonality here, as Pam talked about earlier in Q2, and we look out at Q3 and Q4, we feel good about the guidance that we gave here. And again, that would be the same pattern that we saw in terms of margins in North America Industrial as we saw -- as last year progressed.
Jon P. Marten: No, I would say that, in general, we don't get a lot of that feedback. We've been asking questions and I don't think it's had a material impact on our demand.
