Catherine Suever: Thank you, Chelsea. Good morning, and welcome to Parker-Hannifin's first quarter fiscal year 2018 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams; and President and Chief Operating Officer, Lee Banks. Today's presentation slides, together with the audio webcast replay, will be accessible on the company's investor information website at phstock.com for one year following today's call. On slide number 2, you'll find the company's Safe Harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements, as well as non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations for any reference to non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's press release and are also posted on Parker's website at phstock.com. Today's agenda appears on slide number 3. To begin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tom Williams will provide highlights for the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. Following Tom's comments, I'll provide a review of the company's first quarter performance, together with the guidance for the full year fiscal 2018. Tom will then provide a few summary comments and we'll open the call for a question-and-answer session. Please refer now to slide number 4, as Tom will get us started with the highlights.
Catherine Suever: Yeah. Joel at the beginning of the year, we gave guidance that we see $0.20 of accretion from CLARCOR for the year, we're on track for that. That includes the impact of depreciation and amortization as well as the additional interest that we are incurring because of the deal, so accretive $0.20 on the year.
Catherine Suever: Yeah. They are in line with what you saw historically for CLARCOR and in line with our filtration group, so normal margins.
Catherine Suever: Sure. First quarter is always our low quarter for cash from operations. We still expect the year to be at 10% or greater as a percent of sales. In the quarter we're building capital to match the higher volume that we're incurring. We're also building some inventory to prepare for some of the footprint moves that we are doing to integrate CLARCOR, so a little bit higher investment in working capital than unusual. But not out of the normal trends for us for first quarter and we will recover that through the rest of the year.
Catherine Suever: Yeah, Mig, I will take this one. In the quarter we saw a better mix of aftermarket just in general terms of the overall mix. We also were a little bit lighter than usual on our development costs. Now some of that was timing of the development costs, and will incur the rest of those costs during the rest of the year. We expect the development costs for Aerospace to still be around 7.5% to 7.8% sales for the year. They were lighter than that in the first quarter. And the mix of the aftermarket will shift back we think to normal trends in subsequent quarters.
Catherine Suever: Yeah Joe this is Cathy. We did shift a little bit the timing of some of the footprint mergers that we had planned in the whole integration. And so as the costs were originally projected for the quarter those shifted more towards later in the year. However, we have some offsetting other favorable savings that are coming through earlier than we expected, so we're on track for the savings as we had predicted we would get. We're going to see about 40% of the savings in the first half and 60% of the savings in the second half for the year with about $58 million for the year.
Catherine Suever: Let me adjust the margins first David. We're currently seeing it -- we're struggling to break out with good enough numbers to share with you, what legacy Parker looks like today, because we're doing a nice job integrating CLARCOR. But as we look at it internally in very rough estimates, we're anticipating still 30% incrementals for the balance of the year or for the total year for legacy Parker. So we will have CLARCOR for the full year by the end, we're being impacted by the additional amortization and depreciation expense, but we're on track to have incrementals in the low 30s.
Catherine Suever: Some of the inefficiencies will come when we're emerging the footprints and we did push that out, so we did less footprint merging in the first quarter than we had originally planned. And you'll see more of that come into play in the third quarter and fourth quarter. Other than that though we're on track for the synergy savings and we're seeing savings in other areas other than footprint consolidation.
Catherine Suever: Yeah. I would say it's early in the year still. We are seeing the margin improvement as a result of a lot of the Win Strategy initiatives we've been working. We've eliminated fixed costs in Europe and that's helping. But as the growth comes through we're hoping to see the incremental margins but it's a little early yet.
Catherine Suever: Thanks Chelsea. Thanks to everybody for joining us today. Robin and Ryan will be available throughout the day to take your call if you any more questions. Thank you everybody. Have a great day.
Thomas Williams: Thanks, Cathy. So we're very pleased with the start of the year. I think what we have going on here is a combination of couple of factors; sales growth, the lower cost structure that we have been working on past but we will continue to work on to lower even further, integration of CLARCOR and the execution of the Win Strategy. All of these forced together are combining to provide a very powerful combination that's driving us to project a record year in fiscal 2018. So again thank you to the global team for all your hard work, all your efforts and your dedication. And I want to hand it off to Chelsea to start the Q&A portion of the call.
Thomas Williams: So Adam let me start that and then hand it over to Lee to give you more details. But what's changing in our guide is just looking at order entry over the last three months. Well it was interesting order entry was pretty consistent throughout the quarter both in North America and in international. But in international particularly we saw Asia continue to be strong, Europe, Middle East and Africa region was growing in the low teens and Latin America was kind of in the low single digits. So that combination was pretty strong. Aerospace grew plus 4%, that against a pretty tough comp of plus 14%. So when you put that all in and we looked at what we were projecting for the year and our feedback from customers and distributors, we looked at -- I'm looking at Industrial only, so we raised the whole guidance for the company at 5.5%. But if you look at the Industrial piece by itself taking North America and Africa it's about 10.5% for the first half, and then 3.7% for the second half. I recognize the second half is comparing to a plus 6% that we had in the second half of FY17. So remember we really started clicking from an organic gross standpoint of January of this calendar year and so we're comparing against this but there is still pretty nice growth on top of plus 6%. So I would say that -- let Lee comment about the details here. This is broad base for every end market and every region participating. So I will let Lee give you further color.
Thomas Williams: Okay. Jamie this is Tom. The international strength, because CLARCOR's end markets and legacy Parker end markets are the same, that's all one of the same as far as the strength that we saw across international. On the revenue synergies as I've mentioned before we have always -- we also working them hard, but we have always view them continuously to make sure we deliver on our commitment to all of our shareholders on the $140 million of synergies. Regarding the -- so on the revenue synergies, if some of you are trying to bake them into FY18, I would encourage you not to do that because even if we were going to publically disclose it, which we're not, we won't see any of that stuff realistically into FY19 anyhow. So I would just encourage you on revenue synergies to factor based on the comments we're making on end markets and regions. But on the savings target, overall $140 million, we still feel very good about that. And remember we formed these -- we've an integrated management office, we have got a great cadence around product management here. We have value creation teams all around a couple of the key synergy buckets; manufacturing, footprint, productivity, material, adjusted SG&A would be the major categories and all of them are on track. So we're very encouraged by what we've seen both the fit the technologies culturally and the projected savings. So we feel very good about them.
Thomas Williams: Yeah. I think in general, China is not going to continue to grow at the pace that it's growing now. And we look at some macro indicators like electrical output usage and rail -- freight rail usage. And those are -- just naturally when you look at the comparables, China is going to glide from strong double digits to something that's going to be a low double digits but it's going to continue to be very good for us. But it's going to bump up against comparables that will make it -- it's going to have to glide down some more normalized type of growth plan there.
Thomas Williams: Mig before I let you ask the question, just thank you on behalf of all of us. Go ahead and ask your question.
Thomas Williams: Mig this is Tom. On the order entry remember our -- on the Industrial portion of the business, our visibility will be typically like in that [6 to 8 week] standpoint. So obviously we have a lot more visibility and confidence in the first half of the year and going into January. So, but like I mentioned before for the first half Industrial 10.5% growth, again a little bit easier comps but that's reflective of what we did internationally -- industrially this last quarter and the order pattern that we're seeing. Then the second half is in that 3.5% range. Remember again that we had 6% organic growth the first two quarters of this calendar year, the last two quarters of our fiscal year. So I feel pretty good about that, given that on top of the 6% growth feels pretty good. Especially when we were living in a world that was negative and we all were feeling like if we got 1% or 2% growth it will be the new norm. So that kind of growth rate feels very good. It doesn't feel like we're too far over our SKUs. And then of course we'll give you an update in January, if we think there is more there than that, we'll certainly give you an update in January.
Thomas Williams: Ann, this is Tom, so we're still staying with the $140 million. The one thing that I do want to at least let people know, because this is obviously a part of our question, I think some of you should have seen we posted a whole -- [save the date], for our Investor Day in the spring of next year. We picked that time because that would have marked the one year anniversary of the acquisition and we like to go in a lot more detail on how we are progressing in and what we think at that point. But $140 million still feels like the right number and with a couple of more quarters we give you at the investor update, in the spring of next year, also might be lot smarter and educate us to where we think the number is going to land.
Thomas Williams: No. You know me and I probably won't be able to give you that. But you know it is our second or third largest country you know after the U.S., with Germany and China kind of competing for that second spot. But I would look at our Asia progression. It's not just the China only story. We see really good effort across the entire region, so North Asia, Korea and Japan are probably better than I can remember in a lot of years. India is having one of our better years than any. Then South East Asia is doing strong. Australia has comeback from where it was, coming off of the bottom. So for us the part I feel good about with Asia is that it's a broad based Asia story, it's not a singular China story.
Thomas Williams: I think your point is spot on. It is encouraging because you right, if you look at the PMIs across the regions it's very rare in my memory where you've gotten this much strong PMI activity pretty consistently across the board. But I think this is a different I think time period for Industrials. There has been a lot of data and analysis that we've done. When you look at the last 15 years for Industrials and this is going to be maybe a long way to answer to your question the '03 to '08 time period was a really strong Industrial time period, where Industrials kind of outpaced GDP driven little because of China and the whole globalization of Industrials. Then we have the great recession '08 and to '09 and '10 starting to recover a rebound to '11. And then most Industrials somewhat treaded water from '11 to '15. And then we had the industrial recession which was really natural resource led '15 and '16 and of course we have seen a recovery now start, beginning this calendar year. My feeling is this feels and as the word common sense made at the beginning that general business conditions and the sentiment from customers and distributors feels different than the previous eras I've just described, in more like an '03 to '08, but it's not going to have the same pull that China had back in that era. So I look for Industrials to break out of their kind of treading water pattern that was in the '11 to '15. Where that finally ends up nobody -- I'm not spotting up this day but this does feels slightly different. Trees don't grow to the sky so PMIs are not going to go forever. But I think what we have [influenced] have heard of a more sustainable industrial growth that what we have may be expected. I think number one we launched the new Win Strategy, we're talking about 1.5% world. Doesn't feel like that right now, but when it lands we're all going to learn over the next several quarters and years.
Thomas Williams: Joe, this is Tom, if I could just add on. In general if I were to characterize whether its CLARCOR related or just on traditional restructuring, when we do planned closures, our teams tend to be more ambitious on thinking they are going to accelerate the timing of the closure and we tend to let them run to a more aggressive target, so they can try to get things done. But we're always conservative on forecasting their savings that came from that recognizing the planned closures and the timing and all the announcements is sometimes tricky to coordinate all that. So we were conservative on the savings projections, that's why you don't see us come out with our savings for this year and the actual costs, what Q1 was like you will see that come back up in Q2, Q3 and Q4 for the rest of the year.
Thomas Williams: Andy this is Tom, just to tag on. One good indicator of whether we are okay or not is if you look at our total company backlog, it's basically stayed flat even with three quarters of a pretty, strong increases from the order entry standpoint. So if any of our customers are listening, we recognize we want to do better and improve to our delivery times with our customers. But we've been able to absorb this pretty strong increase and not have our backlog go up.
Thomas Williams: Andy it's Tom. I think there is still lots of opportunities. If I look at services, innovation, systems still a lot of opportunities there. Our distribution mix is still lighter than we would like to see it internationally, so there is opportunity to do that. Collectively, I'm just going to use round numbers, we're still only about 10% market share in this whole motion control space. So there is big opportunity to take share. But I would -- for us and what we want to demonstrate is that we can grow 150 basis points greater than global industrial production over the cycle. It's easier to do that at the beginning of cycle when people are refluxing -- rebounding and refluxing up. What we want to demonstrate is over a multi-year period of time can we average 150 bps, because really top quartile companies and that's also our intention to be demonstrates that over a cycle. So that's why we're really happy with three quarters in a row, believe me we're quite happy with that. The real trick will be doing it over a longer period of time.
Thomas Williams: So Andy it is Tom again. So I've mentioned earlier, so dividends will still be first on the capital deployment side of things, CapEx for organic growth, because organic growth is still the most efficient way to grow the company. We're going to do the share repurchase plan and we're going to pay down debt. But you're right at some point as we glide down the debt path we're going to have the ability to start looking at acquisitions as part of our growth strategy as well. And I would just -- obviously I can't give line of sight on anything there -- I will just let everybody know that we continue to work that pipeline, all those relationships. Those are reviewed as a long standing effort because not something we can turn the switch off, turn it back on. We're going to work those relationships and those strategies. These are obviously targets that fit our strategic vision of our respective groups in the corporation. So we have -- we know what those are and we will continue to work them. As some of you have heard me say before, we want to be great generators of cash and great deployers of cash side and that great deployers of cash side that includes acquisition. And we will continue to [whatever characterize] have an assertive balance sheet at the appropriate time, and we will work those and we will certainly let you know when we're ready.
Thomas Williams: Jeff this is Tom, I will just characterize it at a high level. [indiscernible] the channel opportunities, number one our channels are complimentary, so you can have product line being carried on the line curve for the various channel partners. Those are regional opportunities because North America is really CLARCOR strong, since we are more balanced globally, so these are regional opportunities. And then there is OEM opportunities, CLARCOR which is we why we love this so much is 80% aftermarket business, and we are stronger on the OEM. So if we're going to leverage those OEM relationships, which may be we have a broader breadth of technologies growing in, as well as filtration that we can leverage. So those are the three broad areas, channel, region and OEM portfolio that we could go to the OEM with. And we're working those hard. Again I would just encourage the analysts to not take numbers into '18 because as we work those if and when they hit they are going to be more in the '19 area. And again I think we will give you a lot more clarity, you can certainly plan on CLARCOR update and the more extensive discussion being a big part of Investor Day in the spring.
Thomas Williams: Tim it's Tom. So on Asia you're right. You have a good memory. Over the last 10 years we've made some investments to really -- in advance of Asia growing into those things and really have grown in some. But from additional CapEx it will be very selective. It will be more a piece of equipment here or two. We don't [lease] any brick and mortar, pretty well add what we need and with the combination of lean and some very targeted equipment purchases, we'll be in good shape.
Thomas Williams: So Tim, this is Tom again, yes it is. And that's why as Asia grows that's why we get a nice corresponding lift international margins.
Thomas Williams: Just as to refresh -- its Tom again, refresh for people on the phone. So we started as a 114 and we're going to approximately 90 for this year. And that's something that we constantly look at. It's not something we're [editing] a number, truly what makes sense logically as far as the cost synergies and our growth synergies, people are working in common end markets or common technologies. The pace of consolidation is going to slow. We're not going to continue to grow from 114 to 90, remember if you go from 114 to 90 that's 24 divisions but that will require 48 divisions to be combined, so that's roughly 45% of the company going through some kind of change process. So we will not continue at that pace. And it will be whatever makes sense for our customers and from a cost stand point. So it's going to glide down, by go out a year or so a little bit more. But the simplification actions that will become less of the big driver and more the whole revenue complexity the 80-20 look on being able to be some positive business with. Our business strategy is around the 80-20 concept of revenue complexity. That was [indiscernible] we're carry simplification to the next level going out the next several years.
Thomas Williams: Steve this is Tom, a reminder for what that is. We have a return on net assets as incentive plan which really touches almost 95% of our team members around the world and for the senior leadership team, the divisional leadership team we've added a growth element to this. So if you grow faster in a market, whatever your incentive payout would be, there would be a positive multiplier on top of that. If you grow less in a market there will be a negative hair cut to your payout. So we've rolled that out a couple of years ago. And unfortunately the timing was not appropriate because there was a negative hair cut for people, and this was really the first time in the history of the company we did that. But as you might imagine that drove a lot of attention and drove the right kind of behaviors. So what it does is it encourages people to what we set on the Win Strategy, want you to grow faster on the market and if you do that you're going to be rewarded handsomely for that. And so that's I think the incentive plan, any good incentive plan you want to drive behavior and the indicators are striving with the right kind of behavior.
Lee Banks: Yeah. I think just piggy backing off Tom and maybe to give you a little added commentary on the different segments, it will continue to move in the direction we expected from the last call and order entry was really broad based and all regions participated. Maybe just walking through one of the segments just because I know the question will come up, I will start with Aerospace and then I will work my way into the Industrial markets. Aerospace did fall short of our regular expectations for Q1, but we're still forecasting growth for the year. Just breaking that down, I'd say on the headwind side, it's clearly commercial OEM was negative for us. It really was impacted by a mix of different platforms being manufactured with different [varying] amounts of content for us. But we do see that to close the gap as the fiscal year goes on. We see it being slightly negative for the year but not by much. Commercial MRO was slightly negative for us for the quarter, but we really look at this primarily as timing. All the underpinnings of a strong MRO market are still in place and we expect growth in that market as we move through the fiscal year. And then the last headwind would be military OEM was soft. Again we see this really as timing, F-35 production will continue to accelerate as the year goes on and we're confident in that market. I'd say the positive was really strong military MRO growth which put some provisioning for new platforms and then just an increase in spares for some of the fleets being used today. So that's kind of a high level on Aerospace. On Industrial, as we look through our end markets and we have a heat map by region, it's really hard to find any significant market a natural positive year-over-year order entry growth during the quarter. Really just to highlight some of those markets, if you talk about natural resource end markets we continue to see growth during the quarter. This would include agriculture in some areas but mostly construction equipment, mining very strong, oil and gas land based North America continues to be strong. I'll talk more about that in a second. Micro electronics industry is really broad based and strong. And Class A truck in North America very strong. Just a little bit about oil and gas. Rigs have nearly doubled since last year, although some did come out. But really all these rigs are coming out of cold storage and they're all being refurbished which is great for our distribution base. And we also see an appreciable pick up in quotes and order entry activities. So that continues to be very good. We're also continuing [to see] rebound activity from our distributor partners around the world. They're very optimistic. I think one of the telltale signs for me when I talk to our distributor partners, when they see an increase in project activity from end customers, that's a real sign for us that capital is starting to be a lot loose in the economy and they've all seen an increase in project work. It's not just strictly MRO work. I'd say the only notable end markets we saw around the globe, was really in power generation. This really has to do with the mix of turbines being applied today and in marine. And then just real quickly on some regional commentary. I talked about North America but we're very encouraged by the increasing end market activity. I talked about the natural resource end markets and our distributor base been very positive across the country. EMEA we continue to see strong year-over-year order entry growth. And we are forecasting a second year of organic growth for EMEA which is -- we feel really good about. And then Tom mentioned on Asia, very strong. China continues to lead with strong industrial and natural resources end markets. And then really the strength of China from our opinion has been led by continued infrastructure investment and the strong housing market. So I would just say we're encouraged by what's happening with our end markets both domestically and internationally and really there is just a very strong clear positive global sentiment to growth right now.
Lee Banks: Joe this is Lee. I would say last quarter we talked about a little bit of a rebound in inventory build at the distribution level. I will characterize at the distribution level and at the OEM level right now, it feels like end market pull through for the most part. People have reacted to the rapid increase in order entry and as a general statement I would say its end market pull through.
Lee Banks: Joe, its Lee, I mean the net is no. We have seen some commodity inflations such as copper, but really where we have that is an issue where we have a lot of exposure. We have got contracts with our customers that it hits a certain level we pass that through. So that's the only really volatile one that I can think of, the others are up year-over-year but they are kind of flattened out.
Lee Banks: David its Lee. I would say on price costs going back to the guidance we gave. We're expecting a positive separation -- our selling price index, we forecast it ever year. We expect that to be mildly positive for the year and we expect a separation between that and our purchase price index. So we're not forecasting any wild acceleration in pricing in the second half of the year.
Lee Banks: Andy it's Lee. So anytime we have a ramp like this it was obviously noise. But there is nothing that I would consider to be abnormal. It's everything that we're managing through. So there is nothing I would strike out. And there is, really no components that I could strike out that are really causing us major problems right now.
Lee Banks: This has been a key --this is Lee talking. This has been a key initiative for us as a prior refresh of our new Win Strategy. And we've got some really senior dedicated people working on this around the globe. We've had great progress throughout Asia, Southeast Asia and continued progress in EMEA and really developing parts of EMEA, the Middle East and Africa and developing parts of Europe. So bottom line is we're making great progress. I think you see that reflected in our sales and in our margins.
Lee Banks: So obviously there is a lot of that activity going and this Lee. Steve this is Lee. But it's not the only thing going on. So I mean just -- I think the point I try to make when I survey our partners, the really one plus for me is, there is just a lot of pick up in project work happening out there in the field, which, I flow that through to just CapEx being let go with some of these major companies out there and they are working on that, so for me that's a big plus happening. So I can tell you that the activity right now is still good, with a lot of the -- with the work going on in mining, oil and gas, but it's not the only thing that's happening.
