Todd Leombruno: Thank you, Jonathan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Parker's fiscal year 2023 Q1 earnings release webcast. As Jonathan said, this is Todd Leombruno, Chief Financial Officer speaking. And joining me today is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams; our Vice Chairman and President, Lee Banks; and our current Chief Operating Officer and Chief Executive Officer elect, Jenny Parmentier.  We will be addressing forward projections and non-GAAP financial measures today. Slide 2 provides details to our disclosure statement in these areas. Actual results could vary from our projections for the items listed in these forward-looking statements and also detailed in our SEC filings.  The presentation today will address non-GAAP measures, and reconciliations for those non-GAAP measures are available in this presentation and all of this is available on the Investors section at parker.com and will remain available for 1 year.  Tom is going to begin the call today with a couple of highlights on the quarter and also provide an update to the Meggitt integration. I'll follow with a brief summary on the financials and review the increase to our guidance that we issued this morning. And then we'll touch on the leadership transition that we announced last week, and we'll finish the call with Q&A.  So if I could ask you to reference Slide 3, and I'll hand it over to Tom to begin.
Todd Leombruno: All right. Jonathan, we're going to go to Q&A. I'll let Tom catch his breath here a little bit, but I want to make one clarification. I called out an incorrect number on our Q2 EPS. I read last year's number. The number that we're looking for, for FY '23, Q2 was $4.31 at the midpoint.  So with that, Jonathan, we are ready for Q&A. I'll turn it back over to you.
Todd Leombruno: Yes, Andrew, I'll take that. This is Todd. Obviously, the cash flow generation profile of the company is something that we all work extremely hard on virtually every day. We feel like we can do better on inventory. We've been vocal about that. We have -- whether the supply chain challenges globally extremely well. But we have tools in place to further reduce that inventory as we go forward.  As we bring Meggitt into the company, we see opportunities there on payment terms and receivables terms. So we see activity on that as well. And the other thing that I would note is, we've talked about the ACIP conversion, right, our annual variable incentive plan. the company is now 100% on that plan. So all of our team members across the globe are all incentivized on achieving their cash flow plans for their respective business.  So I think you'll see us continue that. I feel confident in telling you that we see free cash flow in the mid-teens number, and that is all part of our commitment to that delevering plan that we spoke about. So I feel really strong about our ability to deliver on that.
Todd Leombruno: Yes. No, it's a great question. Obviously, we -- specifically, we are including the Meggitt acquisition. There's -- roughly 20% of that goes into the Industrial segment. 80% of it goes into Aerospace. That does have a slight negative impact to our margin just for this first year as we get through the integration as we start to realize some of the synergies. Also a little bit on the international side. Currency has been a fairly large headwind. We expect that to get a little bit bigger. But that is essentially the only real adjustments that we made to margins going forward.
Todd Leombruno: Yes. Nigel, that's a great question. We're learning exactly what the Meggitt process was as we get through this. It's a little bit over a month now. We most likely will do something different. We're not rushing to exit out of anything that they have in place. But overall, we're happy with that structure, right? We called it out 70% of the sales dollars are in U.S. dollars. So we feel good about that. And we feel really confident in our macro hedging program across the legacy business, we will obviously integrate Meggitt into that process as well. Jonathan, just in -- taking the time, I think we have time for one more question.
Todd Leombruno: Okay. Thanks, Jamie. This concludes our FY '23 Q1 webcast. Obviously, we do appreciate all the thanks and congratulations for Tom. He's obviously so very deserving of that. Congratulations to Jenny and Andy as well. But I also want to remind everyone of an announcement we made back in May, and that was Robin Davenport retiring, right?  So this is Robin's last earnings call as well. And she's been a big voice of our investment story really for the entire tenure that Tom has been CEO. So Robin, we thank you for everything that you've done, and we wish you nothing but the best in your next chapter.  A familiar face to everyone. I think everyone knows Jeff Miller, who was our Director of Investor Relations. Jeff has agreed to take the position of Vice President of Investor Relations starting in January. And he will lead our IR program going forward. So congratulations to both Robin and Jeff on those changes as well. And both Robin and Jeff will be here if you have questions or you mean kind of clarification on anything we discuss today. So thank you. Thanks, everyone, for joining us and anything we discuss today and interest in Parker. Thank you.
Thomas Williams: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining the call today. We had an impressive first quarter -- first quarter record sales, net income, EPS and several margin records. And we closed the Meggitt acquisition, which was a big accomplishment. So if you look at this slide, the first bullet, safety is our top priority. We leverage the high-performance teams, Lean and Kaizen.  We had a 17% reduction in incidents versus the prior year. If you look at that on a safety incident rates, there would be a number of incidents per 100 team members, that will put us in the top quartile versus our proxy peer group, which is fantastic results.  Sales were $4.2 billion, an increase of 12% versus the prior year. Organic was very strong at a plus 14% versus the prior, and we had strength across all regions and segments. Segment operating margin was 19.8% as reported or 22.7% adjusted. We had a 70 basis point improvement versus prior year, again, excellent improvement in pretty tough conditions.  As I mentioned, we completed the Meggitt acquisition integration, is well underway. We're off to a good start. I'll talk more about that in a second. So if you look at the quarter and really the last several years, is that takeaway that you see in this slide, The Win Strategy, the portfolio changes working together to deliver record performance.  Go to Slide 4, some pictures from day 1. We showed you some of these in our last call, but it was a great day 1. We had Parker executives at every Meggitt site globally, 34 sites around the world. Very positive meetings, and we're off to a good start putting the 2 companies together.  If you go to Slide 5, I went through this in a fair amount of detail on the September 28 investor call, but just to orientate you on the page on the left-hand side, the blue bars of the synergies, gold is cost achieved. This is by fiscal year, it shows you the walk to a $300 million worth of synergies in FY '26. That would take us to approximately 30% adjusted EBITDA margin over a period of time, so a significant improvement in profitability.  On the right-hand side, is really the how, how we'll get to $300 million synergies. And again, I went through that in a lot of detail. Suffice it to say, it all sits on at the umbrella of The Win Strategy. Those 4 boxes that you see underneath there. And we've had -- we're now 7 weeks into it. I've had a chance to spend time with the teams. I feel very good about our ability to deliver these synergies.  If you go to Slide 6, really, the combination of the portfolio changes that we've made so the doubling of filtration, doubling of Engineered Materials and the doubling of Aerospace over the last 8 years. If you put that together with our technology offering, which is very much aligned to the secular trends of today and the future aerospace, digital electrification and clean technologies, that combination is going to have a profound shift in our sales mix. And that's what you see illustrated on these pie charts at the bottom here.  So if you look at where we were in FY '15 and you go out to FY '27 on an illustrative basis, you'd see we have 85% of the company, either industrial aftermarket or a longer cycle. That mix shift is what has allowed us to change our FY '27 target on growth to grow 4% to 6% organically over the cycle.  Go to Slide 7. If I was only allowed one slide on these earnings calls, this is probably the slide I'll show up. It demonstrates that the company is distinctively different and better over quite a period of time here. So on the left is adjusted EPS, and we've updated that for the FY '23 guide, you see the $18.95 at the midpoint. And the adjusted EBITDA margins on the right-hand side, an almost 800 basis point improvement over this period of time.  This slide really speaks for itself. It's hard to make metrics go at a 45-degree in a little rate, but it's a fantastic job by our people, portfolio changes and the strategy of the company. Arguably, the most improved industrial company over this period of time and a great company to invest in.  And with that, I'm going to hand it over to Todd to talk more about the quarter.
Thomas Williams: Thank you, Todd. So on Slide 16, we've got the leadership transition. As you saw last week, we announced several leadership changes. In coordination with the Board, I have been planning my transition for many years. I happen to be turning 64 years old tomorrow. It's my birthday so my early birthday present is my last earnings call. So I've been CEO for 8 years and believe this is the right time to step down from the CEO position effective end of this calendar.  I've always had 8 years in my mind. I've used kind of the 2 term as President as kind of the length of tenure that I thought felt about right. And so now is the right time for me to step aside. To help facilitate a smooth transition, I plan to continue as Executive Chairman from January 1 of next year to December 31, 2023. At which time, I plan to intend to retire from Parker and the Board.  It's truly been an honor to lead this great company. And if you'll indulge me, I have a few thank yous I want to mention. First, our shareholders that are listening in. Thank you for the confidence you've shown me to lead the company on your behalf. My thanks to the Parker Board of Directors for just creative advice counsel not just to me, but to our management team.  To the analysts who pretty soon are going to ask me lots of questions, thank you for an open and constructive and a transparent relationship. I've known a number for many years and have always appreciated the relationship. To all the Parker team members, just incredible people who take ownership in everything that they do. It's our culture, it's our people that are the secret behind our success to the Parker leadership team. Without a doubt, the best leadership team that I've had a chance to work with. It's a very deep and talented team that our shareholders take to create comfort in.  And to the office of Chief Executives of people are sitting around the table with me today, Lee, Jenny, Todd and now Andy, thank you for helping me to lead the company. Business leadership is a team sport, and I appreciate their help. And special thanks to Lee. For 19 years, we've been business partners. We talk to each other and together, we hope Parker to be a better company. I really appreciate that's Lee's going to continue on as Vice Chairman and President. Going into the new year, I think it's going to be a big help to the team.  If you go to Slide 17, one of the most important responsibilities of the Board and myself is CEO succession planning. As you saw, the Board elected Jenny Parmentier is our next CEO, effective January 1. Jenny will report to the Board of Directors and be a member of the Board as well. Jenny is currently Chief Operating Officer, has been a Group President Twice and General Manager twice. She's a great person and a great leader, proven track record of success, and I have complete confidence in Jenny to lead the company in the future.  With that, I'm going to turn it over to Jenny to make a few comments and finish the presentation.
Thomas Williams: Scott, it's Tom. If I could just chime in for a second. One of the things that Lee and I did when we were changing the Win Strategy, whether it was 2.0 or recently 3.0, this was very much an inclusive process where it wasn't the 2 of us scrolled away in a corner coming up with all the answers. It was very much bottoms up. Obviously, we had to guide it, but it was very much lots of input and Jenny was part of that. And it was part of all those changes, and she's very capable of driving the ship going forward.
Thomas Williams: Andrew, it's Tom. So inventory in the channel went up a little bit, I'm referring to our distributor channel, but nothing really sequentially all that material. I think a lot of our distributors are going to probably wait to see how their fiscal year ends and how the new year begins. But maybe what you're getting in and so many words is kind of what's our thinking about the rest of the guidance period, what gives us confidence, et cetera. We were pleased that the order entry was positive against some very tough comps in the prior year.  The dollar volume that we saw through the quarter was pretty consistent across all the regions and segments. We were also really happy that international saw a mid-single-digit order growth. And we saw that in EMEA and in Asia, we have mid-teens in Latin America. So we've got Aerospace in there at around plus 7 as we think about the full year. And the industrial markets are very positive. We had over 90% of our end markets were in a growth phase.  So our guidance really utilizes that input, our backlog, the AI model, feedback from obviously customers and distributors. And we still see broad-based growth. However, to the point you're getting at, it's going to moderate as the fiscal year progresses. Yes, supply chain is healing, but I would say it's healing slowly, and it's not really making, I would say, that big a difference on lead times, at least not yet.  So as a result, we did bump up our guidance -- I'm referring to organic sales guidance. We took our first half, if I compare to prior guide to now, was 5.5%. We bumped it up to 10.5%. We left the same was the second half, and that the second half basically around 2% organic growth. I think for us, even though we've got the backlog and we've got this broad-based strength, we're cautiously optimistic. And the reason I say that is that we'd like to see how the year-end -- I'm talking about the calendar year ends for our OEMs and how do they start with their order patterns, particularly their demand signals to us in January.  Everybody's -- most of our OEMs are fiscal year calendar year type of companies. And so we want to see how they're all running hard to finish. So I think the start of the new year will be a good indicator, which is why we didn't change this. But in general, we're still very positive. And we have a lot of things going for us when we think about the secular trends, the changes we've done from acquisitions. In general, I think there's a decade of better CapEx investments for Industrial. So I feel very bullish in the long term. I think we're just being a little careful in the near term given some of the macro unsurge out there.
Thomas Williams: Yes, Jeff, it's Tom. The backlog went up 16% year-over-year. So we're at almost $8 billion on the legacy portion of the company, had another $2 billion plus for Meggitt so it would be a little over $10 billion of backlog. So obviously, we have well more than a quarter for the backlog. I think the thing that we want to watch, we feel very good about Aerospace's backlog. And we feel good about the industrials. My comment I was making to Andrew just want to watch the demand signals to see if anything changes once we get to the new calendar year. But the backlog obviously gives you a lot of confidence that you'll be fine.
Thomas Williams: Yes. So it's interesting, Joe -- it's Tom, that forecast in the second half. Because if we look at backlog and we look at the orders that we saw and what we did in the first quarter, it would tend to make you think, well, we could do more in the second half. And there's a chance we could, and we'll have to wait and see how that turns out. But given the amount of uncertainties that we see in some of the AI model data, which we've been building over time and is that [indiscernible] based on the data, we're projecting that things are going to moderate as we go into the second half.  And with the price that's baked in there, the time we get somewhere between the third and the fourth quarter, we probably are going to have some unit volume declines. But when we look at the outlook for '23 on all the end markets, with the exception of aerospace, military and a little bit of weakness in HVAC primarily because of residential, everything is either neutral to strongly positive. Just as we go into the deeper end of the year, we have more end markets guiding to that kind of low single-digit neutral category, which is what makes up our forecast.
Thomas Williams: Joe, it's Tom. Steady as she goes. We haven't seen any cancellations. That's something else that we'll be paying attention to. Most of the time, our customers want to make a change. They won't cancel per se. They'll just push out delivery dates. That's why my comments about watching demand signals from the OEMs at the beginning of next calendar year will be an important indicator right now, our OEMs are very positive about the future.
Thomas Williams: David, it's Tom. We don't split them out, but given it's such a big part of the company, it would have been the orders that we reported for the 312.
Thomas Williams: Yes. So it's not down by much. It's down small. But I guess, it's just the lack of the unknowns very really seeing a monetary policy with this kind of high inflation land the plane softly on the surface of the aircraft carrier. So hopefully, it happens. And maybe it happens after -- maybe if there's any issue that happens after our fiscal year later into calendar '23. But that's -- I think that's what we're being cautious of.  We're very positive given that are -- the breadth of the end markets that are strong is pretty much across the board and to your point, the backlog. But they won't necessarily cancel the backlog, they just shift dates to the right if they decide that they don't need it. And that's -- we're pausing to just wait to see that indicator. So when we do our next call, it will be in February, at least have January to reflect on how did the OEMs come back in the end of their fiscal year. If they come back the same way, we'll be looking to update this. And that's the benefit of every quarter getting a chance to talk to you and give you a new insight as to what we're seeing.
Thomas Williams: I think on the pricing, and as Lee had mentioned, we'll stay on top of it. A lot of the pricing that we did was we're going to anniversary in the second half. A lot of the big price increases we were catching up the cumulative effect of inflation. It's still there, and we're going to have to continue to look at that and stay on top of them. But as we compare the price increases [indiscernible] '23 [indiscernible] '22, there'll be less. Not necessarily every single part number but in aggregate, a little bit less.
Thomas Williams: Steve, it's Tom. So on the recurring revenue, you're right, maybe a Software as a Service, but if you look at our recurring revenue, with half of our industrial business going through distribution, and that's almost all aftermarket. So that's a recurring revenue stream. With Meggitt and the additions that we made there on the Aerospace side, our aftermarket piece is going to go from 36% to 41%, so that's 500 basis points of improvement that we talked about Meggitt brings.  We've significantly increased the aftermarket. And some of you might remember from the Investor Day, we talked about increasing the international distribution, which we bumped up 100 basis points every year. So that's changed that mix. It's been one of the key ingredients, International's margins are now at parity with North America, which most people that have tracked us for a long time, never thought that would happen.  On the divestitures, we like -- I've always used this tree analogy. We like the tree. There are some branches that we'd like to trim off, and we're working on that as we speak. And when we're ready, we'll announce those, but they're not going to be materially significant. But we'll continue to look at that. We do best on a review internally, and then we share that with the Board. So we'll do divestitures, but we -- this portfolio has been very thoughtfully built and that these technologies are very well interconnected.  The fact that 2/3 of our customers buy from 4 more technologies speaks to interconnected technologies. So they like that we can come in with a strong bill of material, drive their cost ownership down and help them with their sustainability issues. And we couldn't do that if we were a one-trick pony. But you'll see us do more on the divestiture side, but it won't be materially significant.
Thomas Williams: Well, I think in Q1, we had a lot of help pretty much across the board. I'm looking at all the inter markets, I'm not going to read all of them to you. But everything was pretty much north of 10%. So it was -- I think we had guided North America to 10. And so we're a little bit off on that. So it just turned out to be -- there's no single market that pulled it forward. Obviously, when distribution comes in, it came in at 15% to 20% range. It has, by the size of it, it automatically pulls a lot of the industrial numbers up. But it was broad-based. And everything was north of 10% that we had a few that were greater than 20. So we were pleasantly surprised and that was a good thing. We kind of guided a little bit lower than a reality.
Thomas Williams: Yes. So on your question about distribution, so that is end market-related, maybe a minor inventory. But back to the point of next year, that's a possibility of what you just described. Part of what we've factored in, especially when we put all the elements into the AI calculation, is just some risk around what does the macro economy do as interest rates go up higher and higher? And does it eventually start to temper demand.  And so that's why we forecasted the way we did. If it doesn't, and maybe it doesn't start to temper within our fiscal year, and we'll update that guidance in February when we have more current data. But that was the thinking now that we're forecast, and we're not any smart than anybody else other than we just want to get a little closer to the target before we get a little more bullish on the second half.
Thomas Williams: Nigel, is a -- it's the legacy portion of the company actually goes up 20 bps on margins and the legacy portion of the company is at mid-30s incremental MROS. So it's all the factors that Todd described, which is causing the slight decline versus the prior year.
Thomas Williams: Yes. So the -- Jamie, it's Tom. The comments on China, China in Q1 was a positive approximately 10% organic and the rest of Asia, it was about the same, 10% organic. And we've kind of guide Asia very similar to how we described company moderating to or those low single digits as we go to the end of the year. We have a lot of things we can do. To your point, if the macros were to weaken, we've got backlog, we could use supply chain. I don't think supply chain can get worse, so that's probably going to be a positive side.  We've done this before. We've created an organization that's more nimble and flexible and structured differently. You've seen how we've been improving each recession. At one chart, just for people that have said is my favorite one chart, that was over 2 industrial recessions of pandemic in the current supply chain issues. So this team is pretty good at being flexible and more on its toes than it's on its heels when it comes to -- and so we're already working on those things we can do to be ready in case they got worse. But we're still pretty positive as will be okay.
Jennifer Parmentier: Thank you, Tom. I am honored and proud to be appointed the next CEO of Parker Hannifin and very excited about our future. I'm grateful to both Tom and Lee for the support and mentorship over the last several years and to our Board of Directors for their confidence in my leadership.  Moving to Slide 18. Effective January 1, this is the office of the Chief Executive. Lee, Todd and I have been part of this team for some time, and we welcome Andy to the role of Chief Operating Officer. Andy will report to Lee as I do now in my current role. This is a seasoned leadership team that has been part of the company's transformation and an integral part of developing and implementing Win Strategy 3.0. This team will continue to deliver record results well into the future.  Moving to Slide 19. As I look to the new calendar year and the second half of our fiscal year, my priority is to build upon the success of Parker's transformation. We are focused on integrating Meggitt into the Parker family, achieving the synergies we've committed to and delivering a record FY '23. Win Strategy 3.0 will continue to accelerate our performance across the company. and our portfolio transformation, coupled with the secular growth trends, makes us more than confident in achieving our FY '27 goal.  Before we go back to Todd for Q&A, Lee has a few comments.
Jennifer Parmentier: Thank you, Scott. Well, my priority, as I said, is to build upon the success of the Parker transformation that is well underway. Our focus is -- our key focus is integrating Meggitt, bringing them into the family and achieving the synergies that we've committed to. And we're obviously, we're going to continue on our journey to top quartile performance and delivering long-term value for the shareholders. So I don't expect that we're going to see big changes in the day-to-day run of the operations and Tom and I are both committed to a very smooth transition.
Jennifer Parmentier: Well, I think that we have a lot of the same leadership style. And I don't know that I want to get into my weaknesses just yet, but I've had 2 good mentors here who have helped me develop some strength over time. But from a leadership perspective, very passionate about safety and our team members, just the same as Tom is. I'm very passionate about providing a customer experience that stands out amongst our competition and very focused on organic growth in the future and delivering the performance that we delivered in that recent past and even more so in the future.
Scott Davis: Congrats, everybody. Tom, a high integrity 8 years. I think that's the greatest compliment I could probably give you. It's just was exceptional.
Scott Davis: Jenny, maybe just to follow-up on that. I mean how would you compare your kind of leadership style or differences or strengths and weaknesses versus Tom, if you will.
Scott Davis: Okay. Well, I'll pass it on. Best of luck to all of you folks and best of luck to in your next chapter.
Jeffrey Sprague: Well, I don't want to lay it on too thick. I don't want to tear anybody up here and get all choked up or anything, but Tom really, congrats and thanks. And Jenny best of luck, look forward to watching your tenure here. I wonder if we should...
Jeffrey Sprague: I love my people in Cleveland, as you know. I wonder if we could talk a little bit just about price cost. Where we're at now, I think Tom said, supply chain is healing a little bit, not materially. Kind of just interested in kind of the friction that might still be going on, both on a price cost standpoint? And also just kind of the factory and efficiency side of kind of the ongoing lack of all, how much maybe pain you had to absorb in fiscal '22 and how you think that might play out in '23.
Jeffrey Sprague: And also maybe just kind of through this cyclical question or just macro outlook question. Clearly, it's actually impressive. The orders are positive against those comps, but I'm just wondering where the backlog stands these days? Do you have more than kind of a quarter's worth of coverage at this point? And just kind of any other like leading indicators that you're trying to stay on top of here as you kind of look around the corner economically.
Joseph Ritchie: And Tom, I guess, my comment to you or you're just going to echo what everybody else has already said. I think you've been such a class act. Congratulations on your 2 tenures.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. So I guess my first question, I know we're all trying to get at this volume question really in the second half of the year. And Tom, I guess, as you kind of look at your curves, it still seems like the environment is healthy. Are you seeing kind of any deterioration across any of your different end markets? I'm just trying to really understand the expectation still for second half volumes to be negative, assuming that is still the expectation across the industrial businesses.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. That's great to hear. And Jenny, I look forward to spending more time with you as well. Congratulations.
