Pamela J. Huggins: Thank you, Deborah. Good morning, everyone. It's Pam speaking. I'd like to welcome you to Parker Hannifin's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Release Teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Don Washkewicz; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Marten. For those of you who wish to do so, you may follow today's presentation with the PowerPoint slides that have been presented on Parker's website at www.phstock.com. For those of you not on the line, those slides will remain posted on the company's Investor information website 1 year after today's call, and that's the same website, phstock.com. So at this time, reference Slide #2 in the slide deck, which is the Safe Harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements. And if you haven't already done so, please take note of this statement in its entirety. On Slide #3, this slide is required to indicate that in cases where non-GAAP numbers have been used, again, they've been reconciled to the appropriate GAAP numbers and are posted on Parker's website at phstock.com. To cover the agenda for today on Slide #4, the call will be in 4 parts. First, Don, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, will provide highlights for the quarter. Second, I'll provide a review, including key performance measures of the third quarter, concluding with the fiscal year 2013 guidance. The third part of the call will obviously consist of the standard Q&A session. And with the fourth part, Don will close with some final comments. So at this time, I'm going to turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to Slide #5 titled Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Highlights.
Pamela J. Huggins: Well, Alex, yes, we talk about that quite a bit here, and you bring up a good point. Because we start out at the beginning of the year and usually, we start out at $0.40. And then we narrow it to $0.30. And then we get down to $0.20. So you bring up a good point, and I've talked about this before on calls. I mean, we do keep the range there. But as we well know -- as you well know, because you've heard me talk on these calls long enough to know that we're really gearing towards the mid-point of the guidance. But we do keep that range because, as you well know, there's a lot of uncertainty in the world right now and it's very difficult to know exactly what's going to happen. So that's -- I really can't tell you any more than that than to tell you that we're really focused on the mid-point of the guidance.
Pamela J. Huggins: Well, Alex, I think if you go back and you look at the guidance that we give at the beginning of each fiscal year and then you look at where we end up at the end of the year, it's usually pretty good.
Pamela J. Huggins: Yes. Let me just add a little color on that. Yes, distribution in terms of sales for the quarter, it was down. It was in the single digits. But if you look at March versus February, it was really up. And if you look at March versus January, it was up. But yes, year-over-year, it was down in low single digits.
Pamela J. Huggins: Well, I think some of it has to do with the oil and gas markets, too. The oil and gas markets have been extremely strong, and we're up against extremely tough, tough comparables. So it has something to do with that, too.
Pamela J. Huggins: Jamie, I just want to add a little color to that. It's probably not real helpful. But as I met with the group presidents and were talking to them, all of these OEMs are different. We actually have some OEMs that are saying, "Hey, get ready. Get ready."
Pamela J. Huggins: Well, I don't want to go into [indiscernible] details, but I will say, specifically, I'll give you an example, one example, and it's a small example. It's on the CIC side, but there are some others. And so some of these OEMs are saying, "Hey, get ready. It's coming." And then some of the others, like Don was talking about, they're saying, hey, they're kind of in a hold mode. So because we're a diversified company, there's a lot of OEMs, and they're all a little bit different.
Pamela J. Huggins: Yes, there's lots of things to think about. I mean, lots of these markets are still down, lots of these regions are down. So to be doing 14% like we say in such as a slow growth environment, and if any of these markets or any of these regions turn, it's going to be really good for Parker. And as you well know, we really pared down on the temporaries, the people count that we rightsized our business to the demand. And so coming out of the downturn, as you well know, we do really well on the margin return on the sales side.
Pamela J. Huggins: Yes, that's a good question, Josh, and let me just walk through some of these things just as a reminder. And I know that you -- once I say them you'll -- I know if you haven't already remembered them, you will. But first thing to remember is the natural cycle of Parker's business. We always do better in the second half. So the 48%-52% split that you're seeing, that's very normal for Parker in good times and bad. We always have that higher volume in the second half, which helps. We have less R&D in the second half in aerospace than in the first half. And then the only seasonal part of our business is really CIC. So we get that pickup from CIC in the second half. As the summer starts coming and people start replacing there air conditioning and the repair them, we get a seasonality effect on CIC. We have a lower tax rate in the second half, because as you well know, we had that sale of the business in the first half. And so our tax rate was very high in the second quarter. The other thing that takes place is stock option expense. We have less stock option expense in the second half than the first half. And we're expecting more MRO in Aerospace in the second half versus the first half. The other thing to remember is currency was negative, more negative in the first half than the second half. And while it's more negative than what we projected the last quarter, it's less than the second half. So those are some of the things...
Pamela J. Huggins: Yes, and then just to summarize, really, you could have asked that exact same question last quarter, and I think we proved that we could do it. So at any rate, let me turn it over to Don right now, who just has a few closing comments, and I would like to thank all of you for your attendance.
Jon P. Marten: I think, Jeff, Jon here, I think for April, when we were making those comments earlier, we were comparing where we are in April versus what the guidance is that we've given to you. So we're going to show up 6% in sales Q4 versus Q3. And the orders that are coming in right now are -- we feel good about, and so we wanted to give you an indication since normally we get a question on that each quarter as to how April looks so far. So it's really that simple.
Jon P. Marten: Well, I think, Nathan, just running through the segments, it's a little bit of a different story for each one in terms of the sequential improvement from Q3 to Q4. First of all, for North America, we really looked real hard at the -- what happened with the reported order trends and where our revenue guidance was coming out here for Q4. And as we really dug into it, we're finding just a -- that we're down 100 basis points from where we were at this time last year. We know that we've got the potential to get up to the mid-17 ranges in North America from a return on sales standpoint. And as Don was saying, as some of our end markets are continuing to flatten out to slightly increase in North America in Q4, we should be able to utilize capacity better, and we should be able to generate that incremental -- those incremental basis points from an ROS standpoint. International is a bigger hill to climb for us. We have been spending around the world a tremendous amount of time working on the integration of our acquisitions, really trying to get our 2 plus 2 plus 2 plan in around the world. And we're expecting additional improvement in our acquisitions in North America as well as around the world in the international specifically. And as we see that along with the markets start to bottom out, as Don talked earlier, that will be our challenge. But we feel very confident in our revenue and our ROS going forward there. Aerospace is also showing up. And again, there is the volume and the incremental margins from the volume, and the Aerospace supports historically where we are in the commercial OEM uptick sector. And if you look at CIC, this is just a continuing trend for them, especially in some of the markets there that are finally benefiting from the housing recovery in North America really driving some of those CIC numbers. So that would be top-level kind of response to your question.
Jon P. Marten: Yes. We -- I don't want to say just one particular month. January was good, February was not very good. March was very reasonable for us, and there's a couple of things impacting that minus 10%. And again, given the guidance that we've just given, understanding that minus 10%, we were very deliberate in trying to make sure that we had everything fit together here as we were looking at the guidance going forward. The fact that we didn't change the guidance doesn't mean that we work real -- doesn't mean that we didn't work real hard trying to validate those numbers. So the minus 10% is really driven by the really tough comps from this time last year with some very high end markets. And we're seeing a few customers, and this is not broad-based, but a few customers pull down on some of their out quarter demand, not their fourth quarter demand, but demand past that fourth quarter that's also impacted that minus 10%.
Jon P. Marten: Right. I think first answer to the question is that we continue to be challenged there in international margins. Again, they're being impacted here by some of the end-market weakness that Don and Pam were talking about, as well as the acquisitions that we're getting behind us here. And going forward here, we should be sequentially better. But to answer your question specifically, Pam alluded to earlier $0.04 to $0.05 in restructuring in Q4. But on one hand, I want to tell you, we'll be going through all the details for our FY '14 here this quarter. And we'll be really very specific when we come out in August about what we're doing in terms of restructuring in 2014. But there's no doubt that in certain end markets in certain regions that restructuring will be greater, significantly greater in FY '14 than in FY '13.
Jon P. Marten: I think, Steve, Jon here, I think we do have more to do there. There's 2 factors. One, just like the divestiture that we did and that we announced back in October 1. We continue to look at that entire group. There's many parts of that group and that segment that are doing really some very exciting things from an innovation standpoint for us, that is really helping us drive organic growth as we look into FY '14 and FY '15. But we're not done with our efforts there to get them up to a ROS and a growth pattern that we see in some of the other markets. They're impacted by the end markets there to a certain degree, which are improving. And they also have a very low capital requirement in that group, too, here. So their return on the invested capital is not as bad as those ROS numbers make it look to be here if you're just comparing those numbers for that group. So I want to leave you with the impression that more work to be done, and we are focused on it, and we're proud of the progress we've been able to make so far.
Jon P. Marten: Yes, Andy, yes. In fact, we show our numbers being up about 3 days in DSI. About half of that is really related to the acquisitions. And we're tracking along year-over-year about where we were in inventory for the entire company, but when you look -- so that's the way we're looking at it.
Jon P. Marten: Well, David, Jon here. Just to -- just a couple points. I'm sure I don't have the entire picture for you here, but let me just make a couple points, big macro-improvement in aerospace that we would be expecting here for next year as the trends continue to go positively and the development cycle begins to -- or continues to ebb. Of course, FY '14 is going to have a full year of that $0.5 billion in acquisitions are going to be generating, ever-increasing margins, ever-increasing cash flow, accretive EPS for us. And we will be much further along in the integration mode there. I think, as Don talked earlier, we're coming off the bottom with some signs of some very -- in almost all end markets except for a couple in Asia of continuing the exciting incremental growth in sales and margins there, too. So I would think from a highlight standpoint, that's the way we would look at a lot of the potential tailwinds that would move us up at an even greater rate than you were just referring to.
Jon P. Marten: I think in China, Josh, there's really 2 different stories. There's the, as Don talked about earlier, there's the issue with the construction equipment and mining, which does not look good right now, and that's at the bottom. And it's hard to see what's -- where the visibility of that is going to go and when for us. But there are other very important end markets in China for us that are doing very, very well, automation, railway, filtration, our engineer materials, our life sciences end markets, all of them are trending very well in China and very well in Asia altogether. So it's really end-market driven and that's what we're really seeing. We had a very good trends here most recently at the end of the quarter in China. And we will be obviously watching that very closely here as we've gotten good indications in April around this quarter.
Jon P. Marten: Well, Mig, yes, I think, Mig, first of all, I don't think you're missing anything. I mean, this is the key point that we focused in on here as we were preparing for the call. So it's a very logical question. But as you know, the way we operate here, first thing we do is we go down to the divisional and business unit level, and everybody forecasts going forward month by month. And we have a really good picture of what all of our people that are closest to the customers are really saying about what the volume and the margin trends can be. And so we've got those numbers that support what we're talking about in terms of our guidance that supports it very well. We also have a macro look at what the trends have been for us. We've been able to perform given where we are here in the cycle. We feel very good that the orders are bottoming, and it is counterintuitive that orders would be down and our revenues are going up. But with those revenues going up, the operating leverage that we get by utilizing our manufacturing facilities around the world in a much greater capacity is going to have a tremendous impact here for us on the bottom line. So from our bottoms-up approach, from our look at the end markets, from the positive actions we are going to get from integration of the recent acquisitions that we've done over the last 18 months and from what we're seeing in certain end markets that are still doing pretty darn well, we can get to that very easily to that mid-point of our guidance for Q4. But I don't want you to -- this is a tough call. This is an inflection point for the company and inflection of orders down versus revenues sequentially up. We had the same issue, just to give you some confidence in Q2, when we were looking at Q3. And the mid-point of our guidance for Q3 was up 8% and the revenues Q2 to Q3. And we hit that number on the top line right on the numbers, and we hit the bottom line very darn close too. So we're expecting us to be able to do it in the same kind of a trend here going from Q3 to Q4. So I hope that helps you.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Alex, this is Don. If it will make you feel any better, I think that in the past, we used to give the same plus or minus 20% at this point, but it was on a much lower earnings level. So as a percentage, we are getting better. I think we're at about plus or minus 3%. The only thing, like we've said before, the only thing we know for sure is we're going to be wrong, no matter what number we pick. It isn't going to be right. We don't -- we're not that good. But the percentage is shrinking over time as the earnings per share rose. So...
Donald E. Washkewicz: I think, Alex -- this is Don, I think obviously, there's some of that going on as far as the OEMs, the larger OEMs. And we know that in the specific market segments that, that would be happening in mining and construction and things like that. So I think you are seeing some of that responsible for that reduction.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes, distribution is actually is coming in. As I indicated, when I look at those order trends for our distribution, the general trends, it's coming in pretty flat. But the 3/12 -- the 12/12s, I think, are running around 100% right now. 3/12 is, I think, close to that same number. I'm just trying to find it, if I have that in my notes here. But distribution is still pretty strong, but it's not as strong as -- in other words, it's not growing at the same rate than it was before, but not bad either.
Donald E. Washkewicz: I think that -- and just answer that last part, then I'll let Jon to talk a little bit about the first part of the question. I think -- the way I characterize, we're bouncing off the bottom, okay? I don't think that -- I think the OEMs started adjusting last year, probably second quarter, October time frame. They've been through that period. They've got the adjustments pretty much in place. There may be still a little bit of that going on. But by and large, what I feel is the feedback that we're getting is that's pretty much behind us, and we're just bouncing off the bottom now. And I think that going forward, I think we should see a little bit of a lift. When that happens is anyone's guess. But I don't think it's going to be an inventory situation going forward, where there's going to be a massive reduction in inventory, and that's going to throw us into a tailspin here. I don't see that coming. I think a lot of that is behind us.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes. Thanks, Steve. We did 8 this year. So some are larger, some were smaller. But overall, I think we're close to $0.5 billion in revenues. We're looking at some additional opportunities, as we are always. But I mean, we have some specific ones that we're looking at. I don't know -- we try not to project whether we'll get them to the finish line or not, but there are some interesting things that we are looking at. I would say the pipeline compared to where it was a year ago is not as full as it was a year ago, and that's probably because we emptied it somewhat. But there's still opportunities out there for us to do deals and of course, we have the capacity to do it. So if something presents itself that's interesting, we will action it.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Well, we are, as I said, we are buying. We did increase that. And from where we were to almost 0.25 billion a year, we'll probably do 0.25 billion this year in stock buyback. We've done more in prior years. We do have capacity, of course, to do more, but my priority has been more dividends. I'm getting more pressure from a lot of our big shareholders saying that we'd like to see you do more on dividend. So it's a matter of allocation, how much do we do dividends, how much do we do share repurchase. We're trying to keep a balance here. If the acquisition opportunities do not result in a deal, then I think there's certainly a possibility we could do more repurchase going forward.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Yes, I think, David, I think that's -- we've gone through quite a few -- quite a bit of analysis, and our groups are going through that process right now looking at '14. I think the general feeling is it's going to be moderate. I think you used the word moderate, and that's the one I was thinking of as kind of referring to what's probably going to come out of all of these planning meetings that we're having throughout the company. I think we certainly see on the aerospace side a positive story going forward. I think that's going to stand out as probably more positive than the industrial side. But I think the industrial will be positive, but it's going to be at lower levels. It's just going to be a more moderate growth story going forward than we've seen in past years. We'd like to see this back to where it used to be, but I guess we're going to have to wait to see that happen. Europe is really the wild card. As you heard from Jon and Pam, obviously, we're going to have to do some restructuring there. We are going through restructuring now with a lot of the acquisitions. And probably a higher percentage of the acquisitions came from Europe or are in Europe, so we have more work to do there, maybe the larger dollar-size acquisitions are there. We're consolidating sales companies and so forth. So irrespective of whether it grows or not, I think, our performance will improve in that region. So we're really not going to project, I don't think, unless some groups come back with some surprise, a high growth in Europe for sure. I think when you look at Asia, I think we're going to say that we're going to have moderate growth in Asia. Of course, the entire country of China has dropped from 12% down to 7%. And we're just getting adjusted to 7% or 8% growth. That's going to be probably more normal going forward. I don't think that that's going to change, still a pretty, nice level of growth relative to other regions around the world. I don't think we're going to project a big increase in Latin America. I think it will be positive, but it will be small percentages in Latin America. And in North America, I think we'll see a modest increase as well. That's kind of generalizing. I'm not giving you any numbers, hard numbers, because I don't have them myself. But just listening to the groups and understanding where we are in the planning process so far, I think that's kind of how I would characterize what's going to happen in '14. It will be positive. It will be moderate. Some segments will be stronger than others, some regions stronger than others. It will be kind of a little bit of a mixed bag. But overall, I think, from a profitability standpoint, I think we're taking the appropriate actions. As you saw here, generating 14% operating margins in this environment is something this company has never done before at this point in the cycle. I mean, we have really done something very, very spectacular in this company generating those kind of margins I think. And David, you've been tracking us long enough to know where we were in prior cycles, and we're improving every cycle. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color. I'm not giving you any exact numbers, but that's kind of the way we look at it.
Donald E. Washkewicz: I would say the pieces that we really were -- there's always -- there's still a few little pieces. But the majority of what we wanted to accomplish, we've accomplished.
Donald E. Washkewicz: Okay. Thanks, Pam. I just want to thank, everybody, on the call for taking the time to be with us this morning. As always, I also like to take the opportunity to thank our employees for their continued commitment and the success that we've had in growing our company and responding to these economic conditions that we see ourself faced with. The team continues to execute the win strategy and adapt quickly to an ever-changing market, as we've covered here in this meeting. During this period of economic uncertainty, we will certainly remain focused on managing our costs and maintaining the strong financial position that we have and keep our focus on our long-term growth strategy and that's what we're working on today. So thanks to everybody on our call. We want to thank you for your continued interest in Parker. And if you have any additional questions, Pam will be here the rest of the day. Feel free to give her a call. Thanks again, and have a nice day.
