Pamela Huggins: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone. This is Pam Huggins speaking just as Chris just mentioned. I’d like to welcome you to Parker Hannifin’s fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings release teleconference. Joining me today is Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Don Washkewicz; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jon Marten. For those of you who wish to do so, you can follow today’s presentation with the PowerPoint slides that have been presented on Parker’s website at www.phstock.com. For those of you not on the line, the slides will remain posted on the company’s Investor Information website at the same website one-year after today’s call. At this time, reference slide number two in the slide deck which is the Safe Harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking statements. And again, just to remind you, if haven’t already done so, please take note of this statement in its entirety. Slide number three, this slide as required indicates that in cases where non-GAAP numbers have been used they’ve been reconciled to the appropriate GAAP numbers and are posted on Parker’s website again at phstock.com. To cover the agenda today, slide four, the call will be in four parts. First, Don Washkewicz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President will provide highlights for the quarter and for the full year. Second, I’ll provide a review including key performance measures of the fourth quarter and full year fiscal year 2012, concluding with the guidance for next year fiscal year 2013. The third part of the call will consist of our standard Q&A session. And for the fourth part of the call today, Don will close with some final comments. At this time, I’ll turn it over to Don and ask that you refer to slide number five titled Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal Year ‘12 highlights.
Pamela Huggins: Well. Nathan, I think just to drill in a little bit and to back up for a moment. But to talk about the guidance and what’s going to happen. I mean, obviously we’ve seen some softness in Europe in the latter part of this year. So as we head into the next year, we’re going to continue to see that in the first half okay. But we really are projecting some growth in the second half. And when you really look at that by region, it’s really -- Latin America is starting to show some improvement here at the end. But Latin America is a very small part of the business for Parker overall. So the growth is really going to come from Europe as well as Asia in the second half. And Asia is probably going to be a little higher than Europe. But as you well know, Europe makes up the majority of the international segment. So, yeah, we have growth forecasted in the second half for both of those regions.
Pamela Huggins: Now that’s a very good question, Nathan. Pension, we have always been on a funding level above 80%. As you well know, there are some restrictions that take place. If you’re not above 80% and we have always had a goal to be above that and we still are above that. But we will take the opportunity probably to increase the contribution in fiscal year 2013. If you go back, 2011 we made a contribution, 2013 we did not. So we will probably make a contribution in line with what we’ve made in the past.
Pamela Huggins: Yeah. Well, as you can see at the mid-point, we’re really forecasting about a 4% revenue growth. However, acquisitions account for about 2%, almost 2.5% of acquisitions. And then of course we have the currency headwinds that we have to deal with, which is almost 1.5%. So organic growth really for fiscal year 2013, it’s projected to be around 3%.
Pamela Huggins: Okay. This is Pam speaking. Let me address that a little bit for you. Don talked about the acquisitions that we’ve made. And when you really look at the component breakdown of those acquisitions and where they lie within the segments, the majority or the largest part really does lie within the international segment. So there is a nice component for the year coming from acquisitions. Of course, you do have some currency headwind. However, just to remind everybody how we look at currency is we take the right at the end of June. We do not try to forecast what currency is going to do throughout the next year. So, just as a natural fall out, the currency becomes less at the end of fiscal year 2013 than it was fiscal year 2012, when you compare the June year end rate to the prior year. So, that plays into it a little bit. So you are right. International orders are down 9%. So when you look at the first half of the year, you do see that international kind of follows that pattern to some degree and then it does pick up in the second half. But you do have to remember that acquisitions do play a part in that first half, second half as well.
Pamela Huggins: Yeah. If I recall correctly, we have flat sales fiscal year ‘12 to 2013. But there is some deterioration. There was some deterioration in earnings, okay. Now just looking at fiscal year 2013 and playing out on an organic basis, like I say it’s fairly negative in the first half. I would say in line with the orders that you’re seeing. And then we show improvement in the second half, which is what I talked about earlier. So, I think when you’re looking at the incrementals on the international, you have to make sure that you take that currency into consideration.
Pamela Huggins: There are always cost improvements baked into the guidance. We always forecast a little bit for productivity improvements every year.
Don Washkewicz: Thanks, Pam, and welcome to everyone on the call. We’re certainly very pleased to report our results following a strong fourth quarter and another record year for the company. I’ll start-off by taking a moment to point out some of the highlights and some of the records for the quarter and then I’m going to follow-up and talk a little bit about the full year. So, first of all, the fourth quarter sales were a record at $3.4 billion, we’re really pleased with the level of activity there that we’re able to bring in the quarter. Net income for the quarter was $302 million or $1.96 per share on a diluted basis and we’re certainly pleased with that, and that was ahead of the street consensus expectations. The margins were strong 15.5% that also will go down in the record books as a record for the fourth quarter. Cash flow was strong. We generated over $0.5 billion in operating cash flow in the quarter, I can remember years when we didn’t generate $0.5 billion. So this is pretty exciting for the company. We also -- so those are some of the quarter highlights, for the year then we closed out the fiscal year for Parker with a number of records as well. That includes the record sales of $13.1 billion that was up 6.5%, just and I might want to point out that most all of that was organic growth in a very tough economic environment out there. Total segment operating margin, which is really a highlight for the year was a record exceeding 15% and that was the first time in our history and for those of you that have been tracking us for a number of years, you’ll remember 10 years ago, when we launched the Win Strategy, we talked about hitting that 15% target. So we’re popping the champagne corks here a little bit, in the background if you hear some corks popping that’s what it’s all about. But you may recall that as we went through this last 10-year period. We consistently improved margins year-on-year even in some pretty ugly periods where we had two major recessions for the company. So, we -- in that 10-year period we dealt with two major recessions, we drove the margins up to what we see now as a record first time in the history of the company at 15%. And I know what everyone’s thinking that well this must be it, now that you’re at 15% only direction to go is down. I would just point out one thing and that is, if you look at our North American industrial margins, we hit 17.6%. So we certainly don’t think that it’s the end of the road. I think there’s more room on the topline and certainly on the operating margin line to continue to move these to higher levels. We can talk more about that later in the Q&A session. Net income for the year was a record as well at $746, excuse me, at $745, and that increased 17% from the last year. We added $1.08 in earnings per share and that was on a 6.5% sales increase. So we’re very pleased with that performance as well. Operating cash flow for the year was a $1.5 billion or 11.6% of sales and I might point out too and I’m not sure some of you may be tracking this as well but our free cash flow was greater than net income now for the tenth year in a row. And that again includes some very, very difficult recessionary periods when you can say that we’ve increased cash flow greater than net income for 10 years in a row, we’ve got to be doing something right back here. So we used the cash flow during the year to increase the dividends per share payout by 23%. We’ve repurchased over 6 million shares of stock for total investment of just under $0.5 billion and we made acquisitions which added $141 million in annualized sales. So, overall, we’re in an extremely strong position for fiscal ‘13 and I would like to certainly congratulate our global team for their performance and the strong execution of the Win Strategy again in fiscal ‘12. Now, just a couple comments. Next year despite more economic uncertainty on the horizon, we’ve initiated our guidance, as you’ve seen in a range from $7.10 and $7.90 per share and that’s $7.50 at the mid-point and that would represent at the mid-point another record year for the coming -- in the coming year as well. And I think most of you now have seen, if you read the release that these estimates include an expected increase in pension expense of about $0.35 per the diluted share, as a lower discount rate was required for accounting purposes and that reflected current market conditions for interest rates. So that was something that we have to subtract from our forecast because that pension expense is a reality. So we’ll talk more about that I’m sure in the Q&A as well and at this point then, I’m going to turn it over to Pam for more detailed review.
Don Washkewicz: Well. Last quarter, as you may recall, we had the authority to buyback basically as much as we wanted shares. And based on the price level that it was at, we did take advantage of that. And as you said, we did $123 million in the quarter. The other thing we did that you may not be aware of it. I’m not sure we announced it last quarter but we did raise the 10b5-1 from $20 million at quarter to $50 million at quarter. So we’re doing $200 million a year under 10b5-1, where we were $80 million in the past. So that’s a change that we did make. So, for the total year we did $455 million roughly. The year before fiscal ‘11, we did $693 million. I think that it would be safe to say we are going to do more, especially with the depressed share price that we have now. There was a period of time here that we were in a blackout. You probably are aware and the blackout that we have, so we could not do share repurchase in the quarter or we would have done a lot more. And I think I’ve explained this in the past that we look at Parker stock like we do any other investment. When you do a discounted cash flow and we start, at the full value being $105 and then down to wherever their current market price is as being the other extreme. And so when we see the prices where they’re at today, we’re very anxious to do more share repurchase and it certainly fits our DCF model to do that. So you can expect more next year. I definitely think we have the capacity to do quite a bit more. And this would be a good year to do it, because you can see that the -- we had a hit from the pension, which is going to push us in the opposite direction. If we had that hit in this year, we would have offset all that with share repurchase because our share repurchase impact in ‘12 was about $0.46. So we would have offset the $0.35. And I think that, depending on where the share price is going forward, I think we hopefully will be able to offset that this year. That would be my intent. On the dividends, just to go along as far as capital allocations since we’re on that topic. On the dividends, we’ve got a 56-year record now and increasing every year. So you can expect that we would increase dividends on a year-to-year basis going forward in the foreseeable future. And that means probably forever hopefully. And we raised them 122% in the last five years. I think this, last year we were somewhere around 23% or thereabouts as far as a dividend increase. So you can expect to see that increase next year. Capital expenditures are around 2.5%. I think if you’re modeling something, do something in the 2.5% range I think you’re going to be safe. Now that’s not to say we’re not looking at acquisitions. We did last 12 months. We did about $408 million in sales volume and acquisitions in the last 12 months total. So, we anticipate that we’ll do more. We have more that we’re looking at. Again, we don’t forecast any of that. And we don’t put any additional ones other than the ones that have already announced and closed into our numbers. But we have enough capacity here. We’re in very good shape as far as what our capacity is to do more acquisitions, to do more share repurchase, pay an increased dividend going forward. I hope that answers some of that. That’s kind of where my head is at and I think that’s probably, what you’re going to see roll out here going forward.
Don Washkewicz: Maybe, I can make a couple of comments on some of the markets in the regions and what have you, Alex. First of all, as you can see we’re expecting a better second half than the first half. We’ve heard -- and again, some of this is based on just feedback we’re getting from the various regions and our people in the various regions. We think that the comments that you’ve been hearing about China, probably helping support their economy there because they’ve ripped it back down into a 7% growth rate. I think they’re going to try to move that up. We’re seeing some very early signs of that in China. And I think that being a big part of that Asian economy, I think we’re going to see -- probably not a whole lot in this first half. But we’re thinking in the second half probably see a little bit improvement in that region of the world. Likewise, you’ve heard a lot recently about euro support. That hopefully, I don’t think anything will happen short-term. It’s in disarray over there, obviously with all the different countries having different issues as far as their debt levels and what have you. But I think Europe is right at the bottom now. Any improvement there probably would be coming later in our calendar year, heading into the second half as well. I just think that there’s going to be a little bit of a paralysis here until the elections are over. I think depending on the results of the elections, I think that could bode well for the second half as well. If you look at the PMIs and I was looking at those yesterday. Most of those now are below 50, that doesn’t mean we’re in recession necessarily but it means that the global markets are slowing. I think the global PMI now is around 49 or just under 49. So you’re still growing until you get down to about 42 by definition of that metric. So we’re still okay there. U.S. is still, is right around 50, 49 and change, eurozone is flat around 45. So you can see they’re, they’re in the worst shape of all the regions for us and China, I think, dropped just a little bit on the PMI down to about 48.
Don Washkewicz: That’s what kind of we’re looking at. Yeah, we’re looking at no disaster between now and the end of the calendar year that would be our first half, with a little bit of a pick up in the second half going into the second half of our fiscal. That’s kind of what we’re looking at. If you looked at the numbers that we just pasted and we posted international at down 9% on the order trend, the order numbers. That down 9% reflects Europe down 15% but it also reflects Latin America up 7% and Asia up 1%. So there is, as you can see, there’s a little bit of sign here especially in Latin America, now that’s not a huge region for us but it’s still a positive sign and Asia being plus 1% on a 312, compares in the last three months orders compared to last year the same three. So that would be a little glimmer of hope that that trend hopefully will continue going forward as well.
Don Washkewicz: Alex, another -- one other thing is our backlog is up 1.5%. So, we’re -- again that helps us see through this first half of our fiscal year as well. I can come back later, maybe we can talk if there is questions on some of the markets that we see that are stronger or weaker. We can talk a little bit more about those as well.
Don Washkewicz: Yeah. I don’t want you to leave thinking that, Jamie. We did as much as we could do in the quarter. I would have done a lot more if I could. I was in a blacked out for a big part of the quarter. And we are limited. Keep in mind, that I don’t control, how much I can buyback and from the standpoint that we’re limited based on the trading volume. We can’t exceed a certain share buyback based on the current average trading volume. So I’m very limited there. I did as much as I could based on our criteria and the blackout period and the trading volume dynamic. I had the ability to buyback obviously, more if those conditions were more favorable for us but that we did what we could. Then don’t read anymore into it than that. I would have liked to have done three times that much if I could have. What gives us confidence in the North America. Right now, if you look at the order trends, the 3, 12 is running around 105%, which is positive North America positive. This is -- and on the industrial side, not counting the aerospace which is still positive. And the 12,12, which is the last 12 months orders or the previous 12, is running about 109%. So those -- when we look at the forecast we’re looking really at these order trends and projecting those out into the future. So we still see a very strong picture in North America, both on industrial side and on the aerospace part of that equation. Of course, there are certain market segments that are weaker than others. But by and large that gives us some confidence that we’re going to continue forward. Some of the strong segments, distribution, okay. Distribution is running on 12,12, 116%, okay. Last 12 months or the previous 12, so distribution and on the industrial side is half of our activity very strong. The 3,12, which is the last three months or the previous year three is at 107%. So we’re very -- that’s going to be pulling the apple cart, so to speak up the hill quite nicely. The other strong segment is process. They’re running very strong on both the 312 and 1212. Agriculture is a very strong segment. 312 running 120%, okay. So the near-term activity level there is good. Commercial aerospace OEM and defense aerospace OEM, we anticipate both to be strong. We think the construction equipment and heavy duty truck will remain at a high level. We don’t anticipate a big growth there. But we think they’re going to remain pretty much at the levels that they are. I mentioned farm and ag. I mentioned oil and gas. I believe in distribution. On the down side, of course, the big negative for us is the semi con, which has been really in the tank. But -- and then looking at aerospace, I don’t know if I mentioned aerospace. Aerospace is -- the 3,12 is running 108%, 12,12 a 107%. So those are kind of the indicators that we look at on those order trends and kind of projecting into the future, with also the understanding that in an election year. I don’t think you’re going to see a major change one direction or the other, until we’re through this election. And then we’ll have to see where we go from there.
Don Washkewicz: Okay. Let me just maybe I can address that real quick. And I think everybody understands on the call that we look at two metrics here and we measure this for the entire company. One is the purchase price index and our goal is to be less than one, so we’re buying at a lower price than we were in a previous period. And the sell price index, which would indicate we want that greater than one. So that it would indicate we’re selling at a higher price than we did in the prior period. And I can just tell you that the difference between those two right now, which we do track very closely for the company is slightly positive. Not tremendously positive but slightly positive, which basically says that we are recapturing our cost plus the margin okay, on any cost input increases that we’ve incurred. Looking at specifics, most of the input costs are slightly one way or another. Like for instance, steel would be slightly down. Aluminum is trending slightly down on a raw material input basis. Some of the higher tech polymers that we deal with actually the prices are maintaining at a pretty strong level, pretty high level I should say. And we think they’ll probably remain high, so some supply problems in a couple areas in particular. All other ones on the polymer side are relatively flat. It’s not going up or down. We saw just recently, a little trend up on copper and brass. It had been dropping but it has made a reversal in that we saw a little bit of an increase there. The oil price is $85, that’s kind of flat. And nickel, which would be basically an input cost in some of our higher tech products is flat right now. So overall, we don’t -- we think we’re going to stay ahead of it. Any cost changes, input changes like we have in the last 10 years, since we’ve launched these strategic initiatives. We’re pretty much right on top of this. And we’ll make sure we recoup the input costs plus the margins so that we don’t detract from our overall margin for the business.
Don Washkewicz: Well, just -- I think just what we’ve heard, first of all, the order trend is still positive here for us. That would be the one thing. And then just kind of the feedback that we’re getting from our team in China that the government is kind of relaxing the -- or stimulating. I should say, not the reaction but trying to stimulate a little bit more activity there. I don’t think it’s going to back up to 10% or 12%. But I think it will go north of 7%. So, just the feedback that we’re getting that the government is planning to get the economy moving at a little higher pace.
Don Washkewicz: Sure. Yeah. We knew all that, absolutely. That the -- so we bought back, we didn’t know what the daily activity rate was going to be but we knew that we were limited to 25%. And we knew where the current price of the stock was, at least at the call relative to our -- what you might call our range, our target range and where that was relative to our DCF models. We knew all that. And we bought back, like I said, as much as I could given the blackout and the limitations we had from those other factors. So, no absolutely we knew all of that that I’ve just described.
Don Washkewicz: And that’s not going away. I mean, I have the support of the Board. We indicated that we bought back in the last two years $1 billion, maybe $1.2 billion. We do have the intent to buy back more. And I know I have the support of the Board to continue on. So I won’t read any more into it than that. I think that you were hearing me on the call saying that share buyback is going to be a major emphasis this year. And we’re going to continue on doing what we’ve been doing in the last couple of years here for sure.
Don Washkewicz: Yeah. Thanks, Pam. So I want to just go ahead and thank everyone that took the time to join us on the call today. I think we had some good dialogue here. As always, I want to take this opportunity to also thank our employees for their continued commitment and for delivering the outstanding performance that we did this year. We had a record year of performance on top of a record year last year. It’s just a string of records for the company. And it doesn’t happen without a strong team and the team is really doing a great job executing on the win strategy and achieving those record results. And so we’re certainly very, very proud of their accomplishments. They’ve also lead the transformation of Parker into what I describe or talk about as being the premier diversified industrial company that we are today and among the best performing companies in our peer group. And I think anyone on the call could certainly look at virtually any metric and put us up against the top companies in our peer group. And we’re going to look very favorable by that comparison. So very excited about the year. We’re going to have another hopefully record year this coming year. I want to thank everybody for participating on the call and certainly for your continued interest in the company. Pam will be around as always after the call to take any questions. And so with that I’d just say goodbye and have a great day. Thank you very much.
Jon Marten: Well, Nathan, Jon, here. Our guidance by our math shows us in the high teens right now for the incremental margins. Normally, at this stage given the macro environment and what we’re seeing in terms of our topline growth, we’re feeling really good about our incremental margins in the high teens. One point to really try to focus on here is that we’re seeing international growth basically in our guidance at zero. With us being at a 4% growth rate, our incremental margins at 18%. If you go back and you look at history is, it has been very, very good record. One other point to make to you, Don just talked about and Pam did too, that in FY ‘12 for the very first time in the history of the company, we hit an operating income level of 15.2%. We’ve been striving for that 15.2% for 10 years. Now, our guidance for next year indicates, as Pam said, a 15.3% number here. So again, we’re looking to really drive incremental margins through, for making those bottom line numbers. I think that given the very tough macro environment, we’re all very, very proud of what we’ve been -- actually been able to accomplish here.
Jon Marten: Alex, Jon here. In the fourth quarter, the real answer in industrial North America is again just all time records in almost every metric that you can see. There’s no one answer there. There’s not one incident. It is across the board. It is with all of our markets. It’s with all of our product groupings. And it has just been remarkable to see the progress that we’ve seen there. And we’re really looking forward to a great FY ‘13 with those same mix of businesses given the cost structure that we’ve been working so hard to get to by this time. So we feel very, very good about how that’s working. And the good news there is there is not one answer.
Jon Marten: Jamie, I think what we’ve seen here in July is a -- gives us confidence in our forecast. We’re still seeing throughout the Q4 and including July with our order rates preliminary data with July of course here sitting here on the second day of the month. We’re seeing continued stabilization and continued patterns that we’ve seen throughout the last six months. Certainly March through June were stable and we’re seeing that same level of activity here in the month of July.
Jon Marten: Josh, Jon here. I think that, first of all looking at the international industrial business. As we pointed out, we were down in orders here in Q4 double-digits for Europe. Don commented on that earlier. As we go throughout the year, as we see at a low level stabilizing revenues at this point. We will see ever increasing rate starting here in our Q3, which would be in January. That’s how we show that this guidance is set here for the second half. Now, the biggest point to make about our international business is, our business in Asia, specifically in China. We are seeing positive indications of order trends in China. Asia never really went down. China did go down specifically in Q4 slightly. We see and we are getting word of improvements as the year goes on. Given the macro situation here right now, we fully understand the risks that are built into the second half of our model here for FY ‘13. But what out weighs all of those risks, is the incredible demand that is really truly there, the underlying demand that is truly there that is going to ultimately be pulled through all of our businesses in Asia. And really be able to also help ignite demand further for us in Europe in the second half also. So that’s without going country by country with you. I mean, that’s the big picture as to how we’re looking at it. We’re seeing flat at a low level in the first half and gradual growth in the second half. And that’s how our guidance internationally is put together. We understand, as Don mentioned, the issue with the soft landing in Asia. We understand very well the debt crisis in Europe. But we sit here and we look at our data and we look at our trends and we do a bottoms up review with all of our people around the world. And we matched all of that data that we get from a bottoms up review with the industrial production metrics that we see globally around the world. And then we try to get the best guidance that we can. And that’s how it shakes out for us this year. I think we did a pretty good job this time last year coming up for FY ‘12. And we feel confident about these numbers here for FY ‘13, as well as we did this time last year. So I’m hoping that helps, Josh.
Jon Marten: Well, I think first of all the estimates that you just made are about right here in terms of restructuring and FX. So, I’m there with you. What’s happening in Asia with us and I think I might be able to answer your question but if I don’t please ask again. What’s happening in Asia is this. We’ve got the topline that is stabilizing here for us and ever growing into the second half. And of course, everybody understands the -- in all of Asia, not just China but all of Asia the underlying demand that is there. But also what’s happening in Asia and we’ve talked about this before in prior conferences with us is that we have put in a cost structure that is giving us incremental fixed costs there as we build out and we have prepared for the future. So, our overall margins looking backwards in FY ‘12 as compared to maybe FY ‘10 or ‘11 are down slightly, part of that due to the reduction in the pace of the increase in sales is really kind of driven by those incremental fixed costs base as we build out and prepare for the long-term and prepare for the incredible growth that we’ve seen and we will be seeing as time goes on. So that’s the one item, big picture that has impacted us in Asia and impacting our margins. Now as we obviously start to grow at ever increasing rates in Asia as FY ‘13 proceeds. We will be driving incremental MROS, marginal return on sales that it will get us back to the levels that we were seeing in FY ‘10, FY ‘11 range.
Jon Marten: I think Ann the one point here that perhaps you’re getting to is that no. Theoretically we could have bought back all of that. But if you recall the day of that call, our stock price moved dramatically. We had a price in mind that we thought was our trigger point and we did not reach that trigger point until later in the quarter. And this is all based on the analysis that we do as Don talked about in the DCF. And that’s how we do our analysis. It was a much different picture the morning of the call last quarter versus the ensuing few weeks.
