James H. Bloem: Yes, in the Employer Group segment, Justin, the main difference is the Group Medicare and how Group Medicare turned out versus what we thought originally in October. And so that's the main reason that's driving it. And if you look at the components of trend on the Commercial side, there's no change, really, that we noticed. We continue to look very carefully, and we look very quickly. We're always looking at that. We're continuing to use our pricing assumptions that we described in the third quarter call and feel very good about Commercial trend being as we discussed earlier. So the only real difference and the reason we raised the benefit ratio was, in fact, the fact that we have more Group Medicare members than we originally anticipated.
James H. Bloem: Well, we continue to add members, and again, just looking at things in the way there, we don't see anything out of the unusual there. We did close the MD Care on the last workday of the year, on Friday, the 30th of December, and those are in those numbers as well.
James H. Bloem: Ana, we're not really seeing any real differences than what we've outlined over the last 90 days about either the Medicare trends, either in the Group or in the regular, the individual business and again, we're not seeing any real changes in the utilization as a component of trend.
James H. Bloem: Yes, you're correct. We do not anticipate in our guidance any favorable development. But again, we continue to use consistent methods and all the actuarial principles to compute the reserve each period. So we then we'll see what turns out in terms of how things would restate. But again, we're not seeing a lot of difference, as I started with.
James H. Bloem: Well, generally speaking, Kevin, the way we keep our own records and the way we watch what we get every day and we get our information from the field, there's a general correlation, obviously, but there's always timing differences with what CMS says. So we always say -- we tend to look at CMS data that everyone sees and says directionally, that's the way our enrollments are moving. But in any given period, they're not exactly directly comparable.
James H. Bloem: Yes, we have a consistent way of doing our own numbers. And so whenever we give the numbers that we give in earnings press releases and at conferences, that's computed on what we're enrolling and what we're seeing and what sales we're seeing from our sales force and not from CMS.
James H. Bloem: Sarah, again, we use the consistent method that I mentioned before, and we are pleased that that percentage of what I'd call -- what we got in the AEP is higher than last year. And that's very gratifying to us. But again, we use the same kind of methods in terms of how we report from the field, how we enroll people and we're using our own internal data. And then again, directionally, we think that the CMS data is always generally directionally right for us but doesn't necessarily correlate exactly with what we report.
James H. Bloem: It changed by 10 basis points, again, now that we've seen all the enrollments. So yes, we were very close, and now we're at 5.4% as a midpoint.
James H. Bloem: Well, let's start with share repurchase. You're correct. We did not do any share repurchase in the fourth quarter, but we did a lot of share repurchase in the third quarter. And so if you look at the total year of how we deployed capital, we're very pleased with how the year went. We did $350 million of CapEx. We did $225 million of acquisitions that we've closed on, and as mentioned, we have 2 more that we're still working on. And then we initiated a cash dividend last year. So if you look at those 3 first, the first 2, particularly the CapEx and the acquisitions, those obviously raised the value of our company, and that's really what we try to do. Then we were very pleased for the first time last year, as I said, to be able to introduce a cash dividend. And so what's really left over then is the share repurchase. And the share repurchase, the board made an authorization back in April that we would do $1 billion of share repurchase by June 30, 2013. So we're about half done with that, and the time is about a third run. But again, I want you to see it in terms of -- or we'd like you to consider it in terms of the balance of those things, the things that raise the value of a company. We spent about $600 million on those. And if you look at share repurchase and the cash dividend, another $600 million on that. And that's about the amount of the dividend that we took from the sub. So again, we feel very good about share repurchase. I forgot what the next one was.
James H. Bloem: Well, generally, we don't comment on anything that would keep us out of the box. So again, I would -- but I would like you to think about it in terms of how I said in terms of a balanced approach to capital deployment.
James H. Bloem: Well, we were in the range, and we lowered the bottom of the range. This is on the Group Medicare part in terms of the membership gain. So when we saw, we actually -- in October, we gave a number, when we saw what actually came in. You're right. The midpoint sort of only goes up by 2,500 or 5,000, but when you look at what we were looking at in October, before we enrolled anybody, we knew we had one large account, but we didn't know how many people would come, how many people would elect us or elect to stay with them and lots of other things. So when we finally got everything together, and this is true of all the guidance, really, if you think about what we know on October 31 and what actually happens, that accounts for, really, all of this. So in terms of that part, yes, that's the major reason.
James E. Murray: Sure. Lots of evaluation over the last several months, trying to figure out initially whether or not the feds or the states would take the procurement lead now, believing that that will likely happen in the state. There's also some language that we're trying to get our heads around in terms of the number of duals that would ultimately be affected by all of this. We studied all the states that mean anything to us, which would be about 26 states that really matter. The good news is that in 13 of those states, the state procurement rules appear to suggest that the procurement, for our purposes, would be either the duals individually or the duals in combination with long-term care, which is an area that we're pretty interested in as well because of the assets that we have in SeniorBridge and Humana Cares. Five states, it's difficult to tell which way they're going, which would leave 8 states that will want to partner with an individual company or companies. We're in the process of working through the relationships and contractual obligations of all that, and sometime in the next several weeks or months, we can give you some visibility on all of that, but we feel very excited about not only the protecting of our current dual membership but also the opportunity to participate in the 9 million duals that Mike referenced in his opening remarks.
James E. Murray: And I probably wasn't clear but the partnership would be necessary for those states where the TANF and dual procurement rules are going to be combined, and we want that partner to be responsible for the TANF population.
James E. Murray: So this is Jim Murray. The last data that is available is the 2010 Medicare fee-for-service file. And as you might expect, a lot of our folks, our actuaries are ripping through that data. And from what they're telling us, they're seeing that the trends are around 4% in 2010, which is pretty similar to what we've been saying for a number of years in terms of where the Medicare fee-for-service trends ultimately restate to. I think in the past investor calls and even in some of these earnings updates, we share with you all the restated prior years to demonstrate that somewhere between 4% and 6% is the historical Medicare fee-for-service trend, and so the last data point that we have would suggest that 4% is the most solid number out there. I don't have any visibility in 2011 or '12, obviously. So we assume that will play out similar to what we've been saying all along.
James E. Murray: Yes, my remarks were totally towards Medicare fee-for-service, and it didn't bring into the discussion our success on the 15 Percent Solution, which we've talked about in the past.
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim Murray. The inclusion of new members and kind of the restarting of where we have to go with those new members, one of the things we probably ought to start to think about is showing kind of a same-store so that we can show you the 15 Percent Solution on members that we've had for a period of time. New geographies would impact this to the extent we grow in a market, in our PPO or private fee-for-service business in one location that we haven't been would impact that. And we saw that, and going forward, we probably need to help you with that. But we feel very good about the progress that we're making on the 15 Percent Solution.
James E. Murray: Yes, the other thing that I would point out that you all ought to consider is the growth in membership in network-based products and where we're going with that. You may have noticed in some of the data that we put out that of the 175-or-so-thousand members that we grew in the AEP, 130,000 of those were in HMOs. And if you look at where the HMOs are in that slide, it's very impactful. And so over time, what you're going to hear us begin to talk about more so than the 15 Percent Solution is integrated care delivery models, and that's something that we're really, really focused on as an organization because tightly linked models of care that's enhanced by information and aligned incentives is where the future is, and you can see that on the slide. And so we're really encouraged by the growth of the HMOs this last AEP.
James E. Murray: We had a successful rest of the year or ROY last year, and this is early -- it's January or February. And so we'll see how this year plays out relative to what we did last year. But again, it's very early for us to be more fulsome.
James E. Murray: So there's a couple of questions in there. A new Medicare Advantage member for us comes in and is initially generally favorable in terms of our results. Over time, as that member, depending upon the kind of network or product configuration they are in and the work that we're doing around the 15 Percent Solution in terms of our results of the company would likely improve not only the 15 Percent Solution but also the risk coding and getting paid the amount for the risk that we assume, so over time, it improves. But when we grow, we don't ever see a situation where we grow and a member that comes in and is new would not be considered favorable for us as an organization. I'll move over to the PDP. We feel very good about the risk profile that we've got last year as an organization around the Walmart plan. I think we've probably got 450-or-so-thousand LIS members, and we feel very good about that membership and look forward to gaining more for the remainder of the year. So in terms of -- the risk scoring of members, we feel, is fairly well calibrated, and so we'd love to take all comers.
James E. Murray: So most of the group business is a January effective date, but there'll likely be some smaller groups that either have more of their retirees become part of our program or where we win. It won't be a significant number. There is a pretty nice pipeline developing in the group space, though, some midyear but mostly with a January effective date that looks pretty interesting to us.
James E. Murray: We've been pretty successful in the past without having a Commercial player. I think we just recently advised CIGNA that we wanted to term our relationship, but I feel very good about the pipeline and the lack of need for having a Commercial player to go forward with.
James E. Murray: Scott, that was shameless. I got yelled at for doing that in the past. It's anybody's guess in terms of what might happen here, but we've read a lot of your reports, and we’ve studied what we think might happen. And again, I'm going to go back to what I said before because this is what Regina tells me I'm allowed to say. Regardless of how it comes out, I think that we'll be fine. We don't see anything that scares us, the 15 Percent Solution and the work we do around accurate coding and where we see trends heading would suggest that we'll continue to be able to provide the seniors that we serve with very good benefits and very low premiums. Again, I'll say what I say every year, so I'll do it again, I'm a broken record. At the end of the day, these numbers are all over the map. The assumptions have historically proved to be wrong relative to medical inflation, for example, and all these projections out of CMS. So all of that finds its way back into the map over time. And while there's always some short-term noise here, the long-term viability of this program is a simple function of the fact that you have to outperform medical cost trend in the traditional Medicare program to win here. As long as we do that, we win.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. Generally, right around where the membership was that we acquired but nothing significant one way or the other.
James E. Murray: The next one was did we spend any more money in the fourth quarter to help our 2012 enrollment, and the answer to that is yes. When the fourth quarter comes around and we have some visibility in terms of where our value proposition is relative to the rest of the competition and we have the ability we've had in the last several years, we feel it's prudent to invest in marketing dollars that drive higher AEP results. And our talking today about an extra 40,000 is a direct correlation to that extra spend, and I think your last question was the minimum medical expense ratio in Medicare. We're doing lots of studying and scenario planning, trying to figure out whether it's going to be on a county basis, on a age contract basis or a state basis and doing lots of calculations, which include the implications of federal taxes on the MERs that exist by each of those different scenarios. And we frankly feel pretty good about what the application of that minimum medical expense ratio might mean for us regardless of the solution or the rules or regulations that might ultimately come out. We feel it's pretty manageable. And again, we await what the regulators will say about the actual application. But regardless of the direction they go, we feel reasonably comfortable that it's very manageable.
James E. Murray: On the Commercial side, though, I think we've guided to that it might revert back to the 2009 norms, and time will tell -- or somewhere between what we experienced the past year and 2009. Time will tell whether that's a good assumption. And that's part of the reason for the change between this year's actual results and the guidance that we put out there, and we've shared that with you before.
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray. I think Jim walked you through last quarter that 5% was our claims trend, anticipating it going to 6% to 6.5% in '12, and we're using 7% for pricing. So put that aside. On the Small Group side, we're seeing some nice growth. This past year was favorable, and as we look forward, we think we'll see some nice growth. It's a competitive marketplace, but we're anticipating growing. On the Large Group side, fully insured, a little bit of competitive environment in the what we refer to as the portfolio space. That seems to be a lot of real arm wrestling in that space. When you put those 2 fully insured pieces together, I think you saw our guidance today that we think we'll grow somewhere around 50,000 to 60,000 fully insured members. So that's a good thing. On the ASO side, it looks like we'll probably shrink around 50,000 or so. So our Commercial membership, we think, will be pretty much flat. It's good that we're growing or anticipate growing in the fully insured space, and so it's a competitive environment but nothing that we see craziness in terms of.
James E. Murray: I'm not sure if this is how you're getting after the question, but I'll try this. When we do our bids every year, we anticipate what we think trends are going to be in the fee-for-service environment that we -- what we call secular trends. And then we create what we call trend benders to try to offset the impact of that. And in the past, if you think that -- we think secular trends in Medicare runs 4% to 5%. We generally see trend benders every year that are somewhere around 2% to 3%. And so you can see that we make up 2% to 3% or 200 to 300 basis points on that schedule for our book of business. And the only other thing that we talked about earlier is the geographical implications of that schedule. So we feel confident that each and every year, we can get trend benders as we refer to them and we put them into the bids of 200 to 300 basis points. When we get those trend benders and it all plays out, we’ve talked about our 5% target in the past, and you've seen what's happened in prior years in terms of our ability to do a little bit better.
James E. Murray: That would be something -- when we talk about integrated care delivery models and skinnier networks, the possibility that there would be Walmarts and others that we might focus on having a preferred network situation or a par versus non-par situation going forward is something that is clearly -- we're evaluating that as we speak.
James E. Murray: Charles, it's Jim. So earlier, we talked that the last data point that we have any visibility on for the fee-for-service, Medicare fee-for-service unmanaged population was 4%, and that was in 2010. When we did our bids for 2011 and 2012, we talked about the fact that we used secular trends of 4% to 5% when we did our bidding work. And we built in trend benders in each of those 2 years that was somewhere in the range of 200 to 300 basis points to offset that trend that existed in the environment, and so we've seen progress above that 200 to 300 for each of the last 2 years, and we'll see how that all plays out for our 2012 results and the bid process that we went through last year for 2012.
James E. Murray: We believe that's all Humana. On a regularly scheduled Friday, from 9:00 to 1:00, we have a very exhaustive trend and cost committee meeting, where we go through and we create schedules called trend benders, and every Friday, for 4 hours, we go through and try to evaluate how Humana did against those targets that we built into the bids. And lo and behold, we think that we're making very good progress, which demonstrates itself into the 15 Percent Solution and, frankly, demonstrates itself in the value that we're able to offer to the seniors, the benefits and the lower premiums, and that's kind of the bottom, bottom, bottom line.
Michael B. McCallister: As we mentioned earlier in previous calls and conversations, we have about 0.25 million of these dual eligibles already, so we have a great deal of experience with them. So in terms of understanding that book of business, how to manage it and how to make it effective for both the individuals and for us, I don't think anybody out there is going to have a better understanding how to go about doing that. Our challenge is just getting into the distribution chain here and becoming part of these contractual relationships.
Michael B. McCallister: Yes. We'll have more to say in just a few weeks. We have a number of things going with some of these partners. So it'll be clearer over time as to exactly how we're going to do this, but I would just leave it with you this morning is that we have a well-mapped out approach to doing it, and we intend to be a major player in the duals.
Michael B. McCallister: Not really. I mean, our key to success has been to go nationwide as fast as we could over the last 5 years, and there's really only a couple of companies that have that kind of a footprint. So one thing that helps us in particular is we're in a lot of places where there's not a lot of competition because they don't have the capacity to go there. We talked about it for a long time. We started doing networking in Medicare in 2005, preparing for sort of where we are today. So, I mean, there are spots where they're more competitive than others. You mentioned South Florida. We have dozens of competitors down there, but we continue to grow there and do quite well. So at some point, your question will be very appropriate because there's going to be -- we’re going to start taking share from each other at some point as we all get bigger and bigger. But right now, the opportunity to grow is very significant without having to worry about taking somebody else's customer.
Michael B. McCallister: Let me clarify Jim's statement. We have a lot of clarity into our own cost trends in 2011. As we've been telling you all throughout the year, we've been at the lower end of our 4% to 6% historical range. So sure, there's been some softening of Medicare trend, but it's still within the ranges we've been talking about for a long time.
Michael B. McCallister: There's 3 key drivers to the 15 Percent Solution at a high level. One is the maturity of a marketplace and how much management there has actually been in a senior population in a community. That's one. Two is how fast and how big we're growing because as we get new members, it takes a while for them to mature, settle into the systems and the processes and for us to do our data analytical work and determine all of that and then lastly, where the providers are in terms of their actual capabilities, and so that varies all across the U.S. So this is something that will always be a piece of work in front of us. There's no endgame here. And the more you grow, the more challenged you are in terms of keeping that 15 Percent Solution going forward. So those are all actually good things, and we're finding great success over time and even in these brand new markets in terms of applying Humana Cares and a number of other clinical approaches to this population. So we're very confident that you can manage care effectively enough across all these places to make the business work, and where you can get really solid management and some history volume, you can really start having some great numbers. So the story is actually very good, but it's always a piece of work that's in front of us.
Michael B. McCallister: That's a good question. We'll try to figure out how to tease out some same-store data going forward to give you a little better insight about the timing of some of this.
Michael B. McCallister: Yes, we read some of that GAO report. And you know that in prior years, there was some amount of an adjustment that was made. It's anybody's guess as to what we might see this coming year in terms of some adjustment for that. There's a lot of dialogue out there that I read from a lot of you in terms of which way CMS might go this year. Regardless of how CMS goes, we feel very comfortable with our 15 Percent Solution and the work that we do to make sure that we get paid the right amount for the risk that we assume. And we feel comfortable with the value propositions that we provide the members in terms of benefits and premiums. And so if there's a coding intensity adjustment, that's a part of this year's rate structure, we'll just deal with that. We feel very good about our ability to manage through all that as we have in the past.
Michael B. McCallister: That's something that's going to be taking -- it's going to take a while for that to ultimately play out. I mean, I said in the beginning on Concentra that it was a platform for managing, and they've been out -- we're doing things like relocating some of the facilities into places that lend themselves a little more to Retail sort of customers but not getting too far away from the existing business space and that sort of thing. There's been some acquisitions of some practices and some urgent care centers. So they're getting on with their business of becoming a much bigger player in the urgent care space as well as primary care both in terms of new locations and moving some of the older locations to hit both targets. So that's all well underway, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to do more of that. They are also deeply involved in the strategic approach around how we approach every market and where Concentra is going to play in conjunction with other risk-taking doctor groups and/or other network development activity. So they're now very deeply engaged with the rest of the company in terms of how they play in the strategy, as well as getting on with the business that they had and making it much more amenable to the Retail consumer space. So it's full speed ahead there, and we're going to look for more opportunities to expand that.
Michael B. McCallister: Basically a continuation. On the Medicare side, we feel, again, there's a lot of consistency year-over-year in terms of that utilization and that trend.
Michael B. McCallister: Yes, I think that’s generally, if you look at the mix of the business, there is some of that. They're also getting ready for the new contract, and they're in discussions with how that's going to be transitioned with the Department of Defense.
Michael B. McCallister: But, Doug, there's no reason to believe that we'd see the dramatic change in MA that we did with PDP with a product like that because you're looking at 2 totally different sort of products and geographic availability and a lot of different things. So we’ve all been running with that co-branded MA plan. But, Doug, don't be thinking PDP-like when you think about how it might grow.
Michael B. McCallister: We probably won't get into too much detail. I would say it's kind of steady as you go. What I've been saying since the very beginning, all the way back to 2006, that having that Humana card in their pocket for their PDP and developing the relationship was going to really set up an opportunity to move people over time because it's a better value proposition to be in an MA PD than it's ever going to be to have a stand-alone PDP connected to anything else. So the value proposition is strong enough to, over time, have people go over there. It hasn't been a primary focus of ours. It's something we're interested in, and we certainly try to move them or basically talk to them about their opportunity, at least. But to me, it's more of having a relationship that matures over time, has a move over time, and we've just seen good evidence of it, and I think we're going to see a lot more of it.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, there's always work to be done to build the infrastructure out. We do it all the time. But the answer is when it comes to the Medicare components of all this, we're pretty well positioned virtually everywhere to do that. Where we do need help is on the mothers and the kids, and that's where we're looking for some partnerships with people that are good at that. But in terms of taking on new dual eligibles in the states we were talking about and being able to take on the duals ourselves over 65, I mean, clearly, we're positioned to do that. I mean, but again, there's always work to be done. There some places we're stronger than others. So that's the kind of thing you have to do to execute on this properly, is you have to lay out what that looks like and make sure -- I mean, it sounds like management 101, but you have to apply the resources to make sure you fill your gaps. It's that simple.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, I mean, it's always been our belief that we had enough insight into what would likely be happening on the Medicare fee-for-service side because we had a lot of private fee-for-service business which looked a lot like traditional Medicare. And the trends there, what we've always seen, always somewhere in the 4% to 6% range. So when I hear someone else, I don't care who they are, talking about how trends are somewhere different or somehow different to that, I always take a bit of a jaundiced eye toward that. And we wait for ours to develop, and ours always tends to be in that range.
Michael B. McCallister: I think you saw that evolve just in this last enrollment period. Basically, what we said going into it -- our goal was to be as stable as we possibly could with benefits and premiums, and that's a function of being able to manage whatever trend we have. And so we were able to do that and you saw the result. I mean, we had terrific retention, and our net membership's growing very, very nicely.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, thanks for joining us again. 2011 was our 50th anniversary year, and it was great that we, in fact, had the best performance in the history of our company during that year. Medicare enrollment continues to grow nicely, very good results based on powerful brand, better retention and a terrific sales capability that really understands the Retail market. We think 2012 is going to be another good year, and let me finish by thanking all the Humana associates that are on this call for making these results as good as they are. Thank you very much.
