Brian A. Kane: Well, let me take that in two parts. There's really two elements to your question. One is how do we think about the earnings benefit of the tax reform and the other is what do we do with the additional cash that we have. From the earnings benefit, we're really not prepared to talk about 2019. What we've said is that the 4.5% to 5% pre-tax margin is important to us. We've remained committed to that over time. But we'll assess the strategic landscape as we go into the bid season for 2019, including the tax reform, including the rate notice that we just got the preliminary rates on. Obviously, the HIF is a very good thing for beneficiaries and for all of our constituents at Humana not coming back or being waived for 2019. And so we'll take all that into account as we think about our 2019 bid design and what portion we reinvest in benefits versus taking to shareholders. But again, I would just reiterate our 4.5% to 5% pre-tax margin over time as we think about the redeployment of these tax proceeds over time. From a cash perspective, again, I think where Bruce was going and what I talked about in our remarks, we are continually looking for M&A opportunities. This does result in additional cash. We'll invest that in our communities. We'll invest that in our business. We're investing it in our customers. We're looking for opportunities to expand and enhance our integrated care delivery model and really add additional capabilities to our assets. And so we will continually do that with these proceeds.
Brian A. Kane: Sure. Good morning. Let me start with the margin question and then talk about the HIF. Without giving specifics on our individual MA margin, I would just remind you some of the commentary that we've made, which is we finished the year slightly above our margin target, so we finished above the 5%. We said on the third quarter call that we would be slightly below our margin target before tax reform came about and that was the result of investing this outperformance into our benefit design for the reasons we've discussed to overcome meaningful headwinds and to ensure that we would really produce a good product that our customers would be excited about, and I think we accomplished that goal. And so the margin then, if you then roll from there, I think you got to think about that the revenue was a little bit higher than we had forecast. And as I mentioned in my remarks, these new members tend not to generate significant profitability until they get into our clinical programs and are documented appropriately. And then from there, I think it's important to think about the tax reform $2 (00:38:00) allocated really primarily to individual Medicare Advantage. Given just the size of the business and also the nature of the investments that we want to make, they're naturally going to fall in the individual MA category, and so that would further impact the margin. And then finally, there is some flu impact that we're assuming. And so taken altogether, I think that gives you a sense of how we're thinking about our individual MA margin for 2018. We're not prepared to comment today on the timing as it relates to getting back to our 4.5% to 5%. Again, as I said in the prior question, it's important to assess where we are from a strategic perspective and how our product is positioned. But we are, as I said, committed to that over time. And therefore that, we believe, provides significant earnings power for the company going forward.
Brian A. Kane: Sure and good morning, Kevin. So I would say in terms of how we get back to that margin, you are correct in pointing out the acceleration of those performance measures for the broader associate base, which is not an insignificant number in terms of the money that we're investing, and so that is one area. But I think it's important just to step back and really look at our productivity initiatives that we're taking. A lot of the work that we're doing around the trend vendor side, the Kindred acquisition, all the elements that Bruce discussed in terms of deploying our assets on the primary care side, making it easier for our customers, ultimately, that results in better outcomes for our members. They're healthier and that results in lower cost, and that results in higher margins and higher growth. And so it's really a combination of factors that leads us to commit to and believe that, that 4.5% to 5% over time is something that we feel good about. Obviously, it's a year-by-year discussion as it is every year and you take into account a whole list of factors as we did this year in 2018 when, for example, the health insurance fee came back. The rate environment was a little bit less than trend as we know. Going into 2019, we'll see where the final rate environment ends up, but that feels a little better. Obviously the HIF is going away for the year. And so there are a number of elements that you consider as you think about bidding margin. Over time, we are committed, as we've said multiple times, to our EPS target of 11% to 15%. And that's ultimately what we're trying to achieve to grow a very large company at an 11% to 15%, it's something that we're committed to doing and it's something that we believe we can do. And we want to create multiple levers to be able to create that growth. And whether that's top-line growth or increasing margin, every year, it's a different calculus. But ultimately, that's what we're trying to achieve.
Brian A. Kane: Well, again, we're not giving multiyear guidance, specific EPS guidance here on this call. I understand the need to understand that and we're – I think what we're trying to communicate is that we're committed to this margin level. Obviously, we'll evaluate where we are in 2019 and beyond and see what makes sense. It's important that to create sustainability for the enterprise that we have top-line growth. We are, I think, demonstrated that we are back in the markets in a very significant way this year; our intention is to do that again in 2019. And the good news is we have some tailwinds, particularly the HIF. And so those are the types of things that we consider as we think about our long-term margin targets. But again, I think over time, as you think about your modeling and what we want to generate is that that 11% to 15% EPS growth over time. And over the last few years, if you, I think, look at our EPS growth, you've seen that, and that's really our target here.
Brian A. Kane: Sure. If you take the $2, I would say a little bit less than half of that $2 relates to some of the employee initiatives that we've undertaken here.
Brian A. Kane: Sure, good morning, Ralph. So it is true that the Healthcare Services segment will absolutely get some of the investment dollars. So it's just that the individual MA business, given its relative size and also some of the investments we're making, will fall in individual MA. But Healthcare Services, just by virtue of obviously a number of employees in Healthcare Services and the like, they will get their allocations and other investments as well. So I just want to make that clear that it will be allocated. The Group and Specialty business will get some of it as well. As it relates to excluding or not excluding the tax benefit of the HIF from EPS, our expectation is to include it as part of our normal earnings. In light of the fact that it's now had a holiday twice, I think we'd really not be able to exclude it from earnings. So you should assume it will be included in our earnings guidance in 2019, the tax benefit.
Brian A. Kane: That's right. It was $2.15. If you think about the 2019 benefit more as a sort of north of $1.75 is the way I think about it because of the lower – that's just a tax benefit. But remember, you get non-deductibility at a lower rate. So I would think of $1.75, $1.80-ish for 2019.
Brian A. Kane: Why don't I start with that, then let Bruce answer the CONVIVA question. Without getting into too much detail, I think it's fair to say that the $4 or the $2 is clearly an after-tax number, and so you would gross that up by our effective tax rate excluding the HIF. So we said, call it, the 24-ish percent is what you would effectively gross it up by to get to the pre-tax equivalent, which would then be invested. I'm not going to give allocations of how that fracs out between the segments other than just refer back to my prior commentary on how it will be allocated. All the segments will get some. It's fair to say that Retail will get a good portion of the investment dollars. But broadly, you're thinking about it right. You should gross it up to get it to a pre-tax equivalent level using our tax rate ex the HIF, and that will give you a sense of what the pre-tax dollars of investment are.
Brian A. Kane: No, we're assuming no Group and Specialty prior period development. There is, inherent in our Retail forecast, a – what we would term as a normalized level of prior period development. And so the 100 basis points that we reinvested in the product includes some – inherently the 100 basis points includes some prior period development, what I'll call excess prior period development that we don't expect to recur.
Bruce D. Broussard: A.J., good morning. Let me try to take those two. First, on the home side, we'll continue to build out geographic presence over time. It's not an urgency for us today, but we would do it through the Kindred platform. They, traditionally, as you probably know, have always been in the market of buying smaller agencies and being able to expand their geographic coverage. And so we would do it through the capital that would be coming from the cash flow of the Kindred and use it from that particular capital base. The second part of your question is really around the Medicaid platform. We continue to have a high interest in the dual-eligible population and we've been consistent of that since really the demo project came out in 2011. We find today that we have a great opportunity with the Long-Term Support Service and the D-SNP combination and we're seeing that in the marketplace as being a more direct way to support the dual-eligible and going through the Long-Term Support Service contracting mechanism. What we – and so we'll continue down that road and continue to participate in RFPs and there's a few of them out there right now in the Long-Term Support Service area and then combine that with the D-SNP product. What we don't know is how the procurement process will evolve over time and we've been pretty consistent about this. If the procurement process is going to require us to be in the TANF business in a more comprehensive fashion, then we would look at a Medicaid platform. But in the short run, we're not convinced that's going to be the case. We believe that we have the solid capability from the Long-Term Support Service area, as evidenced between our platform that we have today and the servicing of that in Florida specifically, but in other states and our Medicare Advantage being able to support a very large number of D-SNP. And the combination of those two we think will carry us in the Medicaid program going forward. But if we couldn't, then we would look at a procurement or if it was wrapped into the procurement, we would look at a Medicaid platform.
Bruce D. Broussard: It's actually a combination of both. I would say first, we have had these platforms in the organization for a period of time and they've been performing quite well. But we see the opportunity to leverage the platform into one, both from an administrative point of view, secondarily, really converting it from a staff model to more of a model that is physician-led and a PC model to create and stimulate entrepreneurship in the leadership area of the physicians. And then thirdly, we see it as a platform to continue to grow in the marketplace, both via acquisition and in addition, organically. And this is a continued step in our belief that primary care, with a senior focus, is a differentiation and an active part of how we feel we can continue to increase the member experience and decrease the cost of care. And this is just one of those that is also complemented by a more national approach with our – this is more Florida and Texas orientation, but a more national focus with our primary – partners in primary care platform we have.
Bruce D. Broussard: I would say the group market is sort of bumpy. It's more lumpy maybe is a better description that to – we'll get some large employers that will put contracts out for bid and you get a large number. And so when we think about the group business, we think about it, first, it's a very lumpy business. The second is we have seen employers and we don't know what this year's rate notice is going to do, but we've seen employers also begin to move some of their membership to an individual product and create a subsidy there as opposed to just doing a group membership or a large contract. So we see that trend going forward. We – and then the third thing we see is very competitive and we are much more thoughtful on how we price our products and go after those particular groups because they seem to be on the low end of the margin and they seem to also be very aggressive on the renewals and the contracts. And so you invest a significant amount of time. So I would say that we are more cautious than probably our competitors on this for the reasons it's lumpy, it's very price competitive and we also see trends of people moving away from the group to individual product.
Bruce D. Broussard: We see it – in some years, like this year, was a really good year for group, and so you might see it exceed it. But I would say that the individual market, we believe, is a better growing and more consistent growth than what we would see in group.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think it's the latter more than the former. I think we're – I mean, we still – our strategy continues to – we have a high degree of confidence in being able to compete, so I don't think it was a competitive reaction. It was much more around accelerating our capabilities and creating that alignment.
Bruce D. Broussard: On CONVIVA, the short-term strategy today is really focused on the existing markets they're in and operationalize the combined organization and to continue to penetrate that. So that would be South Florida and Texas as being the two primary-oriented markets there. Keep in mind we also have a national opportunity too through our Partners in Primary Care such that today we have opened up a number of those clinics, along with our investments in our affiliated clinics that we have. And so as we think about this, and we've done this over the years, there's really a multi-pronged approach geographically in what we bring to the marketplace. I would say we continue to focus on it being agnostic. And today, all our assets that we have in investments in are agnostic and are taking other payers and so we will continue to do that. And frankly, that's why they're branded as a non-Humana brand. We will – but we will orient in areas where we have either a significant amount of membership that is really oriented – is required to find value-based partners. And if we can't find them in the marketplace, then we'll bring our capabilities. We always start with what is in the market. And if there are strong players in the marketplace that we can create a deeper relationship with, then we'll leverage that relationship. If there is not, then we'll bring our particular capabilities to the marketplace. So I would say it's locally specific. It is highly dependent on the fragmentation and the risk level of the providers in the marketplace. And I would also say that CONVIVA will be more Texas and South Florida-oriented.
Bruce D. Broussard: Sure, sure. I think you're referring to the good old days of the physician practice management times and the staff model. A few things. First, 20 years ago, Medicare Advantage wasn't operating at the level it was and it was much more oriented to an employer model or the Medicare Choice Model. So that was probably a large difference than what's today. The second is that these assets, specifically the ones in South Florida and for that matter, our Partners in Primary Care, have matured and you see an operating model today that is much more stable than they have been 20 years ago when the industry just started to formulate. And then the last thing I would say is that this strategy has been with us really since the 2010 area. I mean, we've owned CAC. We've had an investment in MCCI. We bought MetCare back in the early parts of 2010 through 2012. So these assets have been around with us for some time. And as I've mentioned in our call, we've opened up 190-some centers over the last five or six years. And so I would say that this is not a new thing for us. I would also say that we've walked a lot before we've taken any large commitment to capital. And we've done this, I would say, in a very conservative fashion. And all you see and what we're talking about today is just the continuation of that, taking assets that we've owned, bring them together under one brand and be able to mature that and then continued and opened up the clinics. So I wouldn't want the investors to talk away (01:06:38) that this is an acceleration that hasn't – and that we don't have a platform. It actually has just been developed for a number of years and this just continues that.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, we appreciate everyone's support – continuing to invest in the organization and like always, we really appreciate the 50,000 associates that dedicate their every day to advancing both on behalf of our customers and our shareholders. So thank you and have a wonderful day.
