James Bloem: Matthew, the principal reason is the fact that executive compensation under the new law is limited to $500,000 per year for years beginning January 1, 2013. However, it's on all amounts that are earned after 12/31/2009. Accordingly, in this quarter we had to do a catch-up and for this year we will then be going forward on the equity grants that are outstanding and that are expected to be exercised during 2013 and beyond.  You remember that the compensation of $500,000 also includes the proceeds of such exercises or the vesting of such grants. Basically, the health insurance industry is going to be taxed much like those companies who receive TARP funds.
James Bloem: No. Customer service is fine and the inventories are temporarily increased due to the fact that there was a provider lag basically with new group members who came from other places into our place, into Humana. Those claims didn't really come in until the end of March. Therefore, the inventories increased by 160 or to 5.6 days versus 4.2 days. That's all temporary and it's reversing itself.
James Bloem: It is up, John, as you point out, maybe $11 or $12 PMPM, but some of that has to do, the mix is a big part of it because we got a lot of group members as Jim mentioned. Group members have a little bit higher PMPM. I think that's part of the reason. When you look at the mix, I'm not sure exactly how you would come back to the same store. I would say the 5% rate reduction that we have has a much bigger impact if you would exclude what I mentioned about the group rates.
James Bloem: There are a couple things like that. One is the DRG coding validation. That was a part of it. We also made some system improvements that made recoveries easier. We also took a look at things like overnight admissions or admissions or observation and checking how they were billed. Were they billed as inpatient or more appropriately as outpatient? Those were the types of things. You're right. That's the biggest share. I mentioned, and as you mentioned, the 2009 trends did favorably stay as well. But not nearly as much.
James Bloem: It was more weighted toward the back half of the year, but it did go back. It did go back through the entire year.
James Bloem: I think it's best said the way you said it, that the farther back you go, the less impact it had. But it did go all the way back. Most of it, again, as I mentioned in my remarks, the fourth quarter was really what we looked at and had the biggest impact.
James Bloem: That's correct. You actually answered the question. It's an ongoing process we look at every quarter. There's a lot of integrity in the process. There's a lot of consistency in the process.  
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. The numbers that you referenced are pretty close, about 370,000 individual members and around 625 to 650 small group [to do] 100 case sizes. The MERs that we experienced for those different lines of business, as you might expect, vary. When we look at the small group medical expense ratio being 80% in the regulations, we feel pretty comfortable that will be fairly insignificant in terms of exposure for us. We are running fairly close to that number now.  The large group issue is one that we feel very comfortable with. The area that we're going to have some issue with with the 80% is on our individual business. That runs below that. Right now, obviously, the guidance that we're getting in terms of how the MERs are going to be calculated has yet to be determined. We don't know whether it's going to be based upon states or legal subsidiaries or consolidated, and we don't know how expenses and revenues are going to be included in that.  So there's lots of stuff that has to come out over the next several weeks and months, but we're doing lots of things to prepare ourselves for that and trying come up with tactics to operate in that kind of an environment.
James Murray: When I referenced that for small group and large group, I was actually thinking it would be defined at a much more granular level. There are obviously some states where we have some issues, but we don't think that the impact is significant for the smaller and large group business.
James Murray: As you might expect, and just to reiterate exactly what Mike said, we obviously do much better with the HMO model. I will reiterate what he said about that would likely be the model of the future in terms of the low-cost structure.  You can rest assured that on a regular basis we study not only county but also how we're doing in each of the three product lines. Private fee for service is doing the least in terms of solution towards the 15% Solution; but as we sit here today, we're extremely positive about what we've been able to accomplish, not only in the HMO, but also in the PPO because, as we've told you in the past, our long-stated goal is to migrate all of our private fee for service members into the network-based options which include PPO and HMO.  We feel very, very good about where we stand relative to our PPO progress towards the 15% Solution. We think that, over time, as we get closer to some of the changes that are going to take place in 2014 with the minimum MERs and our 15% Solution, we feel very good about how we're positioned with both our PPO and our HMO offerings.
James Murray: To your question on customer service, a lot of our claims that come in go first pass 80% to 90%. Although we got the claims in in the latter part of March, we were able to move a lot of them out. At the end of the quarter, we found ourselves with a temporary increase which resolved itself in the month of April.
James Murray: The 5% reduction obviously would have a big impact on the same store membership. There might be some offset from risk revenue that we received, but it wouldn't be all that significant. I would suggest that same store, the overall revenue is likely down unless there was some geographic growth, which I don't recall offhand.
James Murray: Generally speaking, I think we believe that our average premium went from about $40 PMPM to $50. That's usually worth about 1 percentage point, $10 PMPM. That would have offset a portion of the 5%. I don't recall offhand what the MRA improvement would have been, but I would have thought it would be probably similar to that $10 PMPM that we cut from the member premium. So still a reduction on same store basis.
James Murray: As Jim went through a lot of those, we characterize those in all of the releases as claims payment improvement practices. Frankly, what we think of on a day-to-day basis is that's a part of our 15% Solution. We are operationalizing that in all the markets that we do business.
James Murray: The other factor that we have to consider when we're talking about this is the utilization that we anticipated that was going to take place in the fourth quarter that didn't come through. So what we thought about here is see how the rest of this year or the next couple of quarters of this year play out before we claim that it's a run rate improvement. Obviously we would report that as we play the rest of the year out.
James Murray: You hit it on the last one. We feel very bullish about the ability to have the market point agency sell many other products, all around what Mike talked about earlier with our focus on the individual. That's one of the reasons. Lower on the list, but certainly on the list in our desire to get into this space is to, because we feel like we've got a really good asset with our market point agency, having them sit across the table from folks who are not only over 65, but also under 65, and talk about all the products and services that we can bring to bear, is something we think the pretty, pretty impactful.  Although the 45 day period that's going to happen in 2011 is a little bit on the short side, we feel like we can move quickly to get folks focused on other lines of business. That's the silver lining in that change, frankly.
James Murray: We're studying a lot of what's out there with respect to the quality and how it's going to be administered like the MER, lots of questions around that. There are 33 measures that we're going to be evaluated on. Of those 33, 20 are graded on a curve while 13 are on a straight average. What we need to get our arms around is how this is going to be operationalized. Is it going to be on a state basis again like we talked earlier? Is it going to be on a contract basis? Is it going to be in total?  We need to get a little more guidance on that, as you might expect, because we believe that quality bonuses will be an important part of the value proposition that we ultimately provide to the seniors that we serve. We're all over that. We're starting to get our arms around how to improve our scores and also to really create some opportunity from the quality bonuses that are spelled out.
Michael McCallister: Let me follow that up. Might as well preempt a couple of questions I am sure we're going to get. We have not changed any business practices yet relative to the individual business because of that MLR requirement. We are in the process of assessing exactly what that's going to look like. We have a fair amount of flexibility.  I can tell you directionally it's going to require getting your admin expenses very, very low. So that brings up all sorts of questions around scale and distribution models and all those sorts of things which are still under review. We have not changed anything relative to that marketplace yet.
Michael McCallister: I will start, and Jim will probably jump in here. At the end of the day, directionally, the HMO is always the most cost effective model. It happens to be that as you look at some of those pie charts, the HMO overlay with the lower paid locations is pretty good. It doesn't line up too poorly relative to how we're paid versus the type of products we have.  I think the opportunity and the challenge longer term, this is where we're going to try to outperform everyone else in this business, is to bring as much of that really disciplined, integrated medical management into the other product lines over time that we have in the HMOs. The second piece of that is to continue to expand HMO capabilities, so we have lot of new locations and states and counties going forward where we're going to be really pushing the idea of HMO management. In some way, this is a little bit back to the future relative to Medicare managed care. I think we're going to see more HMO, but I think there's still an opportunity to provide a great deal of clinical management and productivity in those other product lines.
Michael McCallister: Strategically, I would go to even a different place. You can make a case for Humana, maybe not for the industry, that the requirement for networks is a positive because it does two things. It nudges the customers towards a network product, which over time will be more cost effective; and it nudges some of our competition to the side. I think the fact that we have spent several years getting ready for the network requirement is going to turn out to be a really good thing.
Michael McCallister: There's a few things we can look at from the reform bill that, I think, give us some look into the future to the extent these exchanges get up and running and become a viable market place. I think the individual business is going to get larger. I think there will be employers dropping coverage and sending people to the exchanges of all sizes. I think it's important for us to get focused on how do we participate in that market when it really becomes effective? And now it's several years away.  But I think the individual market is something that is going to be very interesting going forward. Despite whatever short-term challenges may come from MLR requirements, I think it's a place to be long-term. I think we're positioned well to deal with all that. I have said it forever. I like retail direct to consumer businesses. That's why I like Medicare. That's why I like some of the specialty products, voluntary products, individual health insurance.  Humana has been sort of moving in that direction for a while. I don't see anything in the reform bill that would do anything but say we need to get bigger and better and more aggressive about it. I think the large group fully insured business is always a challenge.  Now, it's possible that the individual health insurance products could become commoditized even more than they are already. It's possible. That's why it's important that we have a broader relationship with the individual. We use the term share of wallet a lot around here these days. We're going to get good at making sure we execute on that idea. Having as many customers as possible in a direct relationship is key, and finding ways to have a much broader relationship with them is the second big component. That's the way we think about it.
Michael McCallister: Two things. Most of those projections rarely ever become accurate when we look back at the results. Everybody has their work to do. I would say that I doubt, and I am pretty confident, there hasn't been a lot of consideration given to the kind of work we just described this morning around getting productivity and better cost effectiveness out of all this, which could materially change the long-term nature of the membership numbers here.  As an individual company, I don't get very excited about those sort of projections because I think there's going to be significant differences in performance inside of the industry among participants. Clearly, I think the business will get pressured by the law. We have said all along we expect consolidation and a lot of smaller players to disappear. We watched it happen during the BBA in the 90s. When times get difficult, people depart. I expect that to happen again.  I have no way of really knowing the accuracy of membership projections at that level over that period of time. I doubt they've taken into account the kind of productivity and the good work that's going to be done to make this a very healthy long-term program.
Michael McCallister: I will start with the last, Medicaid. I stopped saying never to that about a year and a half ago. The challenges are still there. It's not at the top of my priorities. I realize that market is going to grow. Some people are getting excited about it.  As you watch state budgets and if you think about the implications of the money that came out of Washington to prop up that program this year and when that's going to end, I have to believe what I have said all along is still true, state budgets are challenged and they spend all their money on education and Medicaid. It's kind of hard to find a positive scenario there.  I am not all that excited about it still. I have said all along if we ever do it, it will be big because we're going to need a platform and infrastructure and people that really know that business. News at 11.  Relative to the company, I think the company has always been big in Medicare. As you all know, it's gotten very large in Medicare. I think we will always be quite large in Medicare. I think beyond that we are going to have to continue to assess the marketplace.  Right now, we have less of a focus on national accounts and large group coverage that we've had in the past. We're very focused on the smaller end of the market with particular interest in the individual market, as I said earlier. I think it's going to be important. I don't see a huge transformative commercial health insurance play in our future. You never can say never to that either. But that's not what I am thinking.  I am thinking ancillary product lines, voluntary products, finding a number of ways to get close to all these individual customers we have. Again, to have a broader share of wallet with these people. I think big Medicare and big other.  The other is what we're working on deciding exactly what that could be. That could involve some build-out of things. It could involve vertical integration of some of our spending in our Medicare business and others. It could involve acquiring companies that are just maybe not what you would normally expect. So a little bit of all of that.
Michael McCallister: I think it will be both. There are some good, well-run small Medicare players around the country. I think if they're smart they'll find they need to find a new home for that business given what this thing looks like now. Others are weak, and I think we'll just take that business in the marketplace through just straight up competition with them. I expect both.
Michael McCallister: Not today. At this point I think we're still trying to figure out exactly how big that is. I don't mean to sound coy. The reason is you have to totally rethink the marketplace as soon as you look at the individual. Then you have to ask yourself how far from the core business are you willing to go? The further you go out, the bigger the opportunity is, at least in numbers, but the harder it is to execute on. There's always a balance between the two.  We see ourselves as a financial services company in health care, largely. You can start thinking about what boundaries that might produce if you have a relationship with an individual. We've seen some examples where we have already done some it. We have talked in the past about the development of our pharmacy capabilities. That's an expansion of our relationship with people that has gone quite well.  It's not just all new products and things like that. Some of it is just recapturing some of the economic power that exists from our base business and doing that. We bought up [Avery] health company. We started the pharmacy business. Those sort of things are there, too. That's something that's going to always with a work in progress because obviously at the end of the day we might like to make it as big as we can as long as we don't over-extend ourselves.
Michael McCallister: Well, I am going to be standing in front of a large group of agents here in a few weeks. It's going to be interesting what the questions look like there. Clearly there's going to be pressure on commissions. There's just no question about it. There's not room in the economic model for the commission system as we know it today to continue to exist.  We have flexibility in our contracts to change these when we need to or want to. The flexibility is there. We just have to figure out some sort of a transition from where we are to where we are going to end up. Then ultimately end up to these exchanges. We are still trying to assess exactly what that means to the agent community.  I will say to you what I say to them when they ask me the same question, and I get it from every one of them when I see them, what about our future? I said your future is about your own value proposition with your customers. They're sort of in the same situation. Most of them have multiple business relationships with these people, not just health care.  Where health care is going to fit in that, I do not know. Whether we can work with everybody we have historically, I don't know yet. My guess is there's going to be a lot of pressure in that space to get those commissions down. We will do what we need to do. I think we're going to end up working with agents on some level for a long time. I just don't think it's going to look like what it does today. It's going to be a key component of getting the SG&A down. Because in the individual market, it's a material piece.
Michael McCallister: First of all, when you start by saying I don't think it matters whether you are a for-profit or a nonprofit entity, I think we all have operate under the assumption that there will be integrity in the regulatory process in evaluating the solvency of companies. Ironically, it's the obligation of the regulators to ensure solvency of firms like ours in all of these states. That's been their historical job.  I don't know much about the specifics of the circumstances we've seen in the media at this point. Without having the detail, I wouldn't have a real strong point of view about those individual situations.  I can say that over time, we assume that what is required to have strong solvent companies to provide insurance to people in these states will be done. The other part is it's always better to be big and strong and have the robust balance sheet behind you and all those sort of things. I would just say all of these are still challenges of all sorts and really put pressure on smaller players. It's not just small in terms of total. It could be a small player in a state. So is it possible some are going to have to fold up their tents and go? Absolutely.  I would hope that regulators and others that are trying to make political hay out of this would understand the implications from a competitive perspective of forcing people out of the marketplace. I don't think that's the intent. But it certainly could be the unintended consequences of the process falling apart.
Michael McCallister: I can understand if you're reading the papers why you would think that wouldn't happen. I would say it's in everyone's best interest for this to work well, both from a national policy perspective and from the standpoint of those that are participating in the industry. I think we will do everything we can to successfully implement what the law of the land is. We don't know exactly what it is completely because a lot of this stuff is going to be done from a regulatory perspective.  Whatever it is, once the law is determined and the regulations are on the books, then we will work and I think the industry will work very hard to make sure they are fully implemented and we comply. I think over time some of the realities of the unintended consequences and the difficulty of this will become apparent both to those writing regulations and to those of us in the industry. I think at the end of the day we will hope that the process brings in a reasonable result.
Michael McCallister: Thanks again for joining us this morning. I want to thank all the Humana associates that are on the call for making this success possible. We now have health insurance market reform, at least the first stage of it, behind us and some clarity around what our jobs are.  We fully expect to execute on both the challenges and the opportunities that are embedded in all of that. We're coming off of a wonderful '09 and the beginning of a decent 2010 here. We are quite proud of it. We expect to meet the guidance we've given you this morning. Thanks for joining us. We will be chatting in the future.
John Rex – JP Morgan: That was what I was thinking about. How much offset on the member premium, when you kind of look at that same member metric, you're 5% was effectively what? And then the point you raised, I was just trying to also see if there was a unusually high risk adjustor impact also that we had in the quarter.
John Rex – JP Morgan: Then I guess when you were talking about the lower med costs and the later quarters in '09 developing better. I think as you prioritized it, you put the kind of claims processing improvement first as driving the better result. I guess just understanding a bit better there, are you saying that you're just catching more inappropriate coding? In the past this wasn't getting caught and now you have kind of changed the processes so you're catching it? I just want to understand that a little better.
John Rex – JP Morgan: Is there still, as you look at it, how do we assess how much room is left on that also? How much one time and how much, I suppose you are going to say it's an ongoing process, we never stop. I am trying to figure out how we size it.
