Susan Diamond: Sure. Happy to take that. To your first point, yes, as you think about the raise relative to our performance for the first quarter, First, I would mention that consensus was lower than our internal estimates for the first quarter. So, as we think about it internally, we think about $1 of the outperformance is what we were looking at from an internal perspective. And you are correct, you can think about that as roughly half attributed to lower administrative expenses and half attributed to the pharmacy outperformance. So as we thought about the year, as you said and as I said, we do expect that the pharmacy outperformance will continue, although with some moderation. And so that will allow us to support the $0.50 raise as well as the dilution that we’re currently estimating from a hospice divestiture later this year. On the administrative expenses, as I mentioned, some of that is timing. Some of that is a pull forward of savings we would have otherwise expected later in the year, so not necessarily incrementally positive. We want to see how that continues to develop. And then we will also look to see if we continue to see some favorability that may allow for some additional investment in the distribution and marketing strategy that we’ve talked to you about and may allow us to accelerate some of those investments, again, if we continue to see favorability, but we are not taking any of that into the full year guide currently. On the MLR then, I would say looking at the retail MLR in particular, analyst ranges were quite wide as we looked at the models. And so the comparison to what’s reported this morning is heavily influenced by the few that actually responded to the survey. So I think that’s part of it. As I mentioned in my comments, from an individual Medicare perspective, I can tell you that the MLR came in as we expected. Per my commentary, we did see positive utilization on the inpatient side due to COVID – with COVID. While we saw higher absolute levels in January, it declined more quickly than we’ve seen historically than we would have expected. And non-COVID was not able to rebound as quickly as COVID declined. So that was certainly positive. Given the high level of COVID, however, and the higher rate of what we refer to is that incidental COVID, where it wasn’t the admitting condition, but there is a COVID positivity diagnosis, that translates to additional unit cost. So we did see higher unit costs as a result. As I mentioned, we also considered the higher unit costs that we saw restated for fourth quarter and our first quarter estimates. And so as you think about that all in, the first quarter results reflect inpatient pretty much in line with expectations. And then for non-inpatient just given how early in the year it is and the limited visibility, we have those in the first quarter at expectations as well. We will continue to watch those things over the course of the year, but feel good about the early indicators we’re seeing and no source for concern about what we’re anticipating for individual MA or retail MLRs.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Matthew. I can take that. And you’re right. As you look at the first quarter, and again, you’re looking at retail MERs versus individual MA. And so there are some differences in terms of the underlying product mix year-over-year, particularly around Medicaid and some growth in DCE membership, which has a higher MER than individual MA. Again, I do want to reiterate that from an internal perspective, as we look at the underlying businesses, each are performing as we would expect. So no concerns there. In terms of one other difference I would highlight in terms of just the first quarter specifically is the change in prior period development year-over-year. With COVID, there were a lot of changes in claim processing payment policy changes as a result of some of the stress that hospital systems were under. And so that significantly impacted prior period development. We anticipated a significant decline in prior year development year-over-year, and that will disproportionately impact the first quarter results. Which is why in our earnings release, we gave you the detail on what that would look like if you just stripped out PPD and the noise that, that creates. It’s hard to tell whether some of the analysts fully understood or anticipated the magnitude of that change year-over-year. So those are really some of the main drivers. And again, I just want to stress that we continue to feel comfortable with our expectation of a 50 basis point improvement in the individual MA margin, as we said, and believe we’re on track to do that and know early concerns. The other thing to keep in mind is the dollar of COVID contingency you can assume that’s largely in the retail MER expectation. As we said in our commentary, we continue to hold that conservatism within our guide. So, if it proves unnecessary over the course of the year, then that would benefit the retail MERs as well.
Susan Diamond: Hi Kevin, this is Susan. So, in terms of your second question around the COVID headwinds, we would say that we did not see a COVID headwind emerge in the first quarter. As I mentioned, given the dynamics we saw with the utilization patterns, the way we have thought about it is not just the absolute gross COVID impact, but rather net of any offsetting reductions in non-COVID. And so as I mentioned, while January saw higher COVID levels. And in fact, we saw that was the highest level of COVID admissions in any given month since the start of the pandemic in February and March, given the rate of decline and how much faster that was versus previous surges. We just didn’t see non-COVID have the ability to rebound at the same pace. So – and that’s true both across Medicare and commercial. So, we would say that, that was net positive. As we said in our fourth quarter commentary, we do not – we will be very cautious in releasing that dollar of contingency that we are holding, just recognizing the longer COVID goes on, we just don’t want to assume that patterns will remain the same as we have seen historically. And then as I mentioned in my commentary, just the rate of sort of COVID positivity itself, while the public health emergency is in force, we will drive additional unit costs for any admission that does happen to have a COVID positive diagnosis associated with it. So, we will need to continue to watch that. In terms of MLRs, with the exception of the PPD that I mentioned that will disproportionately impact the first quarter. I think if you normalize for that, then I would say there is nothing sort of unique about this year that we would expect MERs to be to vary other than the fact that sequestration, if you recall, is still in play, the way we were for the first quarter. It will reduce by half for the second quarter and then is assumed to be back in force for third and fourth quarter. So, that will cause a little bit of seasonality differences year-over-year. But aside from that, I can’t think of anything else specifically that we would expect unless, as I said the COVID – depending on what happens with COVID, which we have acknowledged could create some quarterly variations.
Susan Diamond: Hey A.J. Sure. Happy to take that. The first question on labor challenges. I would say they are fairly widespread. There are certainly some markets where we have sufficient capacity and we are certainly doing everything we can to take advantage of growth opportunities there. But generally speaking, some of the larger markets where there is more of an opportunity, we continue to see challenges. I would say though they are – I would say they are getting a little bit better, primarily due to the fact that COVID has subsided. So, some of the labor challenges are due to nurses having to quarantine as a result of COVID. And so as we see that come down to, again, the lowest levels we have seen. That certainly helps as we have more nurses available. As I mentioned in my commentary, we are also pleased to see that we – our initiatives are having some positive impact on recruiting nurses and retaining those nurses, again, creating some additional capacity. But I don’t want to diminish the fact that it continues to be a challenge. We continue to watch sort of the wage environment and other sort of resources being used to recruit and retain nurses and we will try to make sure we stay contemporary with that. On the value-based model, the way that works is One Home, which is a company you might recall, we acquired last year, which currently provides home health DME and infusion services to our Florida and Texas members under a value-based model. That is the model that we are looking to expand. So, One Home actually contracts with the health plan under a capitated arrangement for all of the spend for those three service categories. And then in markets where there are downstream risk providers, they will then downstream sub-cap with those providers. But One Home is the one taking the full risk on those services. What’s unique about that model is the way that it is structured is they act as a convener and provide some relief and administrative burden from referring providers where the referring provider can refer a patient in for the home health DME and infusion services and One Home will take responsibility for placing all of those services. In the absence of that model, the referring provider has to discretely coordinate all of those services, which can lead to some fragmentation and dislocation in the way carriers delivered. So, with the One Home model, they will take responsibility and where possible, then they can refer that patient directly into Kindred or other high-quality home health providers in the market based on capacity and other things. And so that – typically, as we launch the market, we will go in with a more broad network to avoid any sort of provider and patient friction at start. And as the providers get more comfortable and understand the model, then we will look to then begin referring those patients into our high-quality providers in the market and certainly with Kindred top of mind. So, that’s how it works. Happy to answer any other questions when we talk later today, if you like.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Stephen. So yes, so on the PYD, we did see lower – prior period most favorable was just lower than we had previously expected and really attributable to higher inpatient unit costs in the fourth quarter. There were two main drivers of that. One was higher non-COVID unit costs. They were quite high in the fourth quarter. Frankly, there is still some work we are doing to understand why that is. And then also on the COVID admissions, as we set reserves at year end, we have the benefit of authorization data. And so we have really good data on the absolute level of admissions. From the utilization perspective, claims of restated just as we would have expected. So, the absolute level of admissions is consistent with what we thought. What we saw, however, is of those admissions we anticipated more restated as a COVID admission when on the initial authorization, they did not reflect COVID as the reason for the admission. And so we would have contemplated those as non-COVID admissions. Given the significant difference in unit cost for COVID admission versus non-COVID, that caused our December unit cost to restate higher. So, I would say it’s a little bit of a mixture with December, specifically related to COVID and the previous months more reflective of increases in the non-COVID unit costs, which we are still studying. Those are things again, we want to see how those continue to play out. But for the first quarter estimates, we have contemplated those higher unit costs. In terms of acuity, I would say broadly, we do not believe we are seeing an increase in acuity of the patients across any of our lines of business. There is no indicators of that so far. We think, again, when you are talking about the level of – particularly in the fourth quarter of sort of COVID admissions to some degree, this is a reflection of as you see that higher incidental COVID positivity rate, as I mentioned, the admissions that are then sort of left in the non-COVID bucket tend to be higher average unit costs and in this case, just happened to restate higher than we had initially expected.
Susan Diamond: Hi Ricky, yes, sure, happy to answer that. So, there were a couple of contributors to the pharmacy outperformance. One, as you said, was related to just some of the slightly favorable membership we saw across MAPD and PDP from an absolute perspective. And then as you mentioned, and Bruce and I highlighted, what we saw was that the members that were retained by the health plan through AEP had a higher use of Humana Pharmacy than members who disenrolled in AEP. And it was about a 9% difference. And that was a larger difference than we have seen historically. So, it was not something we had specifically anticipated. And so that higher membership and that dynamic of retaining more members who are more likely to use Humana Pharmacy contributed to some of the volume outperformance. I would say there was additional volume outperformance even above that, and we think that’s a reflection of the continued investments we are making in the pharmacy business to improve the service delivery model and experience overall. We implemented a number of initiatives over the course of 2021 designed to drive improved mailer penetration and use of the pharmacy business and saw success there. And we have seen further success in the first part of 2022, just beyond what we had originally anticipated. And as I mentioned, we did anticipate higher mailer penetration in ‘22 versus 2021 and we are just seeing that come in slightly higher even than we had expected, which we view very positively. In addition, we did see lower unit costs. That is a function of just the underlying drug mix and the negotiated rates. And so that is contributing as well. And then finally, we also saw a favorable cost to fill. And so as a result of some of the investments and enhancements they are making in the service delivery model and Bruce referred to some of those investments. We are also seeing some positivity with reduced cost of fill than we expected. So, all of those we view very favorably. And generally, you can assume that those do continue, although as I mentioned, we do expect some moderation because our plan did contemplate continued increases in mail order penetration over the course of the year. And so as we described in the commentary, you can think about our thinking on pharmacy is raising $0.50 now that reflects the outperformance and then also that outperformance allowing us to cover the potential dilution from a hospice divestiture, assuming that we don’t use the proceeds for share repurchase.
Susan Diamond: Hey Josh. So yes, so for your first question, we would say that you should think about the ‘22 baseline at the $24.50. Similar to how we talked about it in our initial guide, we would just encourage you not to get ahead of us on the dollar of COVID contingency. As I mentioned, there is still a lot to see in terms of how medical costs play out over the course of the year and utilization more broadly, morbidity, etcetera. So, you can consider the baseline for now the $24.50 and we will continue to be transparent about what we are seeing. But certainly pleased with the ability this early to raise and get towards the higher end of our range and certainly hope that we can see continued progress, but I would encourage you to consider the baseline for now the $24.50. In terms of hospice solution, so as we have said, for 2022, the pharmacy outperformance will allow us to cover any potential dilution. We are internally anticipating that the transaction would likely close third quarter. And so that’s what we are thinking about in terms of our current guide. As we have talked about, this has been something that we have been planning and looking at options for some time. So, from a 2023 perspective, we have always been anticipating that we would divest a majority stake in hospice. And so that is contemplated and will be contemplated in our earnings progression in 2023, where we would expect to, again, see a return to higher levels of Medicare growth while also delivering within our targeted long-term range of 11% to 15% off of that $24.50 baseline despite the hospice divestiture. For the proceeds, as I mentioned in my commentary. My preference would be to use as much as possible towards deleveraging, just so we can get that down and give us some additional flexibility we mentioned in my commentary that we would expect to be at approximately 40% by year-end versus the 45% we reported for the first quarter. And so we do expect to use a majority for debt repayment.
Susan Diamond: Hey Scott. So, yes, so to your point, so right now, we will have to see, obviously, what the final rates come in at. But currently, with what we have seen preliminarily, they are lower than the overall average sort of rate increase in terms of the rate book. Most of our – on the hospital contracting side, I would say most of our contracts are tied to fee-for-service reimbursement. And so typically, we would not see much – whatever those rates come out with is what we would see. It’s not to say that we might not see some providers come and sort of want to talk to us. I would say they may want to talk to us about some other components of our contracts in terms of how we handle claims processing and audits and some other things, but I would not anticipate that we would be opening contracts up to move off of the them being tied to the Medicare reimbursement rate. I think that there are some other service categories, home health is one example where we tend to pay lower than Medicare fee-for-service rates. So, depending on where those rates come in, that could be an area where providers may come where they are being paid less than Medicare reimbursement, and they may want to have a conversation on that in this inflationary environment. So, we will continue to monitor it. I would say that at this point, based on what we have seen, we are not considering that a significant headwind that we are considering for 2023 and would view it as something that we can manage through.
Susan Diamond: I mean based on what’s come out so far, and then that’s what it would suggest. And we will have to see where the final rates come in.
Susan Diamond: Yes. And the one thing I would add to Bruce’s comment is, today, the model is deployed in markets that are heavy risk-based primary care. So, we are moving into markets where that’s not the same dynamic. And so we are really interested to see how these first implementations go and assuming those go well, then I do think we would look to go ahead and accelerate some of the further expansion. But I want to make sure we fully assess sort of how the model works and anything that we need to learn in the environment, recognizing it’s a little bit different.
Susan Diamond: Yes. Hi Gary. And so to your point, there is a lot of noise just the last couple of years due to COVID and the impact to sort of claims submission timelines, capitated provider surplus amounts in payments. And I know we have talked about that in the last number of quarters and the magnitude of the impact of those dynamics. And so that’s why we provided the reference to the pre-COVID levels, which we think is a better benchmark to assess this it’s hard to otherwise normalize for all of those considerations. And so as you said, we are sitting three days above what our average ran pre-COVID, which we view is the more relevant compare to and feel good about the level of reserves that we are sitting on as of the end of the quarter.
Susan Diamond: Yes. So, I would say in terms of what’s currently sitting in DCP, to the degree some of our reserve estimates for the first quarter or prior year proved to be conservative as that would unwind, then that would have been some of what is currently reflected in the reserve levels. And the way we thought about in our plan anyway, we sort of layered in that conservatism ratably. And as we said in the earlier commentary, we certainly did not see a net COVID headwind in the first quarter, but we are being cautious about how we think about unit cost trend in particular.
Bruce Broussard: Relative to the rate notice and our investment, I would say we feel very confident that we are going to have the ability to be competitive in 2023. So even though we might have a little bit some – because of our STARS scores, we see higher STAR scores in absolute, but on a relative change, it’s lower than the industry there. So we still have the same amount of dollars going into the program. The second part of your question, just about the allocation among the various different components, the bucket, so to speak, between plan design and the distribution and marketing. We just don’t feel comfortable today to give you that disclosure. As we enter the latter part of the year, and we’re in the AEP cycle, we will probably give you more details there. But I think today, it would be best that we don’t do that.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. As I mentioned, we are shipping for September. And the reason for the move between June to September is we just felt that the information more relevant as we entered the latter part of the year for a few reasons. First, we will be closer to AEP and provide more thoughts around our go-to-market strategy since we’re getting close to that. Second, we will have more progress on the $1 billion program, and I know that’s important in the short run. So those are really why we just felt that getting later in the year would be important to allow more timely information for the investors. Relative to the subject matters, I mean, we do look as an important part of our strategy of the Healthcare Service business being important, I think giving more disclosure around what that looks like and the strength of that over a longer period of time will be an important discussion. In addition, we will discuss just our earnings potential and the growth in our earnings potential, including how that affects margin and our view on the margin side. So we will discuss that as you articulated. It is an area of particular interest by our investors, and we will be prepared to discuss both the individual MA margin and then also just how healthcare services impacts the enterprise side. And then lastly, we will also just be able to give the investors much more update just on how we see the healthcare service business growing and the impact it has in the integration within the market itself because as I articulated, we’re building the capabilities, we’re leveraging and scaling the capabilities. And then in addition, an important part of that value is the integration in the local market as referred to in the commentary around the flywheel effect. And so that will be an important discussion that we will have.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. A few things, I think our goal is to get to close to 50% over the next 5 years of our members to be in that. And that’s the full relationship with One Home. And there is really components of that relationship. One is around the actual ability to as Susan was describing the value-based payment area where you manage that and go through One Home from a contractual point of view. The second part of it is the build-out of DME and their pharmacy. And as you look at sort of the length of time it takes it actually is the latter part, the DME and the pharmacy takes more time than the actual contractual side. So, what we are testing right now is actually sort of a light and heavy model, so to speak. The heavy model has everything. And the light model is really more oriented to the contractual area of that. And we are hoping that, that will facilitate getting to the 50% quicker as a result of that and actually provide further improvement on the clinical costs, both in the clinical cost of the actual cost of providing the services, but also downstream prevention of ER visits and hospital admissions there. So, it’s really two-pronged. And again, we are trying to find how we can facilitate it quicker through a lighter model that doesn’t just have to require the build-out of the DME and the pharmacy side.
Bruce Broussard: And then your second question was organic versus inorganic. This will be mostly organic. I think the ability to – there is not a lot of assets out there to buy. And then in addition, I think the integration of it will probably not be as free as us just continuing to build the organic side.
Bruce Broussard: I will take that. Today, it’s about two-thirds of our revenue is within the Medicare Advantage business is really with practices that are under a risk model. Now that varies between a full risk to we refer to as a path risk which is up and down, but whether it’s a bonus or up and down risk with some color around protection of it. So, we do see continued growth in that area and continued not only improvement in the number of members that are under that relationship, but also more and more of our practices are in surplus, which we really consider as being the most important value because this means that they are earning more dollars than they would in a fee-for-service environment. So, first, we do measure not only the total, but also the effectiveness and the impact it has on providers. Relative to virtual health, I would say we look at that as virtual primary care. We look at that as not only being part of the primary care itself and being incorporated in our relationship. But in addition, we are testing through our Heal relationship, actually attribution of individuals to a virtual health provider and then the ability to not only use virtual health but also go into the home. So, it’s not office base. It’s actually at traveling physician along with a virtual health component to it. And they are actually attributed the patient. And so we are testing that in a few markets as we speak today with a partnership that we have with one of our joint venture relationships we have, Heal.
Bruce Broussard: Well, thank you, and thank you for all our investors in both participating in today and continuing to support the company. As we have communicated, we continue to believe that we started with a strong year and look forward to continuing that progression throughout the remaining part of the year. And then lastly, I would like to thank our 90,000 employees that are every day going to work to help support both these results, but more importantly, our members and patients that we serve on a daily basis. Thank you, and everyone have a great day.
