Susan Diamond: Hi, Gary. Sure, I can take those for you. So, your first question in terms of the Rx impact and whether that's larger than typical, the impact that you see from fourth quarter to first quarter each year as it respects to the pharmacy, responsibility is fairly consistent and that's just a dynamic of how reinsurance works as members move through the coverage phase. So that is a consistent dynamic. And the $2 billion change fourth quarter to first quarter I would say is not atypical. If you look back at the first quarter last year, a similar dynamic would have taken place. But if you recall, we had an offsetting impact. It was largely attributable to the timing of provider payables, namely capitation, which was really a carryover impact from the larger surplus payments that accrued throughout COVID, and that were subsequently paid in that first quarter. So, I would say not atypical, but in any given year, you may have other changes that may offset some of those typical impacts. On the final rate notice, I would say I'm not aware of any meaningful impact that we would expect as a result of what was included. I would say, generally, we are always honoring sort of whatever referral option was made by a provider as it submitted in the utilization -- as we do our utilization management reviews. So that's something we commonly will honor and respect as part of that process. So, again, I don't expect any meaningful impact to our everyday processes.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. Hi, Stephen. So, one, we're not going to disclose the specific impact of CenterWell Primary Care. And honestly, to determine the ultimate impact, that is going to have to consider any benefit changes that our health plan partners make as well as any potential changes to capitation arrangements and other things. Having said that, we do not expect the full impact to be mitigated by benefit changes. And so, the team is working on a multi-year mitigation plan that will look at the range of options across the operating model, the clinical model, productivity and efficiencies and other things, and have already identified a number of mitigations that we think can offset. So, again, we don't expect the impact to be fully mitigated by benefit changes. It will likely take some time to implement all of the improvements that will offset that. But having said all of that, we would not expect the impact to CenterWell Primary Care to be material to the overall enterprise.
Susan Diamond: Hey, Justin. In terms of your first question about DCP, what I would say, and I think as we've commented before, DCP can be difficult to predict just because of the changes in claims processing timelines, the pharmacy seasonality, et cetera, can occur at any given time, and given our disproportionate mix of Medicare business, we would be impacted more so than maybe some others. I would say this is not a metric that we track or forecast internally as well. And so -- and I don't think it would be prudent to try to predict it given some of the changes are outside of our control in terms of how they would impact the metric. And that's why I think again, we would suggest that investors also look at the trend in IBNR and membership. It's probably a better and more consistent indicator of reserve methodology, consistency and strength of reserves. One thing though I would point out to keep in mind is just, as I described in my comments, pharmacy changes can have a significant impact because they don't typically have corresponding IBNR changes. And with the changes that are coming in future years with the pharmacy phasing and coverage responsibility, we're likely to see more volatility rather than less in that metric going forward. In terms of the quarter, as we said, really saw results in line, if not slightly better across the board within the enterprise, certainly the most significant, as we said, on MA with the outpaced membership growth as well as the lower inpatient utilization in particular. While non-inpatient is less mature, as we always say, at least the early indicators in January results in particular, do appear to be in line with expectations. So, we feel good about that. As we said before, we had priced and anticipated significant utilization on our expanded healthy options card. So, we continue to feel good about what we've planned for with respect to that significantly enhanced benefit. Across the rest of the business, as we said, home health, we did mention strong new admission growth, although that was largely offset by reductions in recertification, which did have an impact in terms of overall revenue trends. So, revenue yield was closer to flat where we would have anticipated slightly higher, not anticipating the full level of recertification impact that we did see. They were able to mitigate much of that with some admin productivity efforts and are going to continue to work over the course of the year to try to identify new opportunities for additional growth and other mitigating options for -- through productivity. And then, as we said, the pharmacy business had a nice quarter. They again benefited from the higher membership growth as well as some favorable drug mix. And so that's reflected in our thinking as well. The primary care business, the outperformance on the patient panel growth was nice to see. But I would say overall financial performance relatively in line with what we expected.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Nate. Yeah, no, it's a great question. So, in the first quarter, as part of that lower utilization, some of that was COVID, which was lower than we had initially expected. I would say one thing to keep in mind, too, is the first quarter of last year, we did see a very high level of COVID last year and very significant depression in non-COVID. And then as the COVID dropped more quickly than we historically seen, we didn't see non-COVID bounce back at the same rate and pace. So, as we thought about our 2023 plan, we did anticipate the first quarter trends, in particular, would be higher than the full year average because of that dynamic. But all in, we expected trends to be normalized. And as you said, we also incrementally then anticipated some increase -- modest increase in healthcare capacity over the course of the year. I would say that while we had some COVID favorability on admissions, non-COVID was also slightly favorable. So, it was not all attributable to COVID. But certainly, given the seasonality of the COVID last year and what we're expecting this year, we would expect the first quarter favorability not to trend at a full run rate into the rest of the year because of that dynamic. But so far, really pleased with what we've seen again across both our new and existing numbers, similar trends across both.
Susan Diamond: Yes. Hey, Josh. So, to your first question on industry growth, we do continue to believe that we will see strong growth, including in 2024. We do recognize with the rate notice, there may be more disruption in 2024 than we've seen in the last couple of years and also because of some of the Star pressure that some we'll see and have to address in their benefit design. But given the overall strength of the value proposition of MA, even in a less favorable rate environment, we would expect to see strong growth. And as Bruce mentioned in his previous -- in his commentary, even in historical years when we had multiple years in succession of a negative rate environment, the industry still grew quite nicely when benefit values were much lower than they are today. So, we do think the strength of the offering will continue to drive strong industry growth and that Humana, in particular, will be well positioned to grow high single digit rate or above would be our hope. In terms of CenterWell, honestly, we'll have to probably look at that and maybe get back to you. What I would say is what logically comes to mind is just with the open -- planned openings of the centers, they certainly try to get ahead of that and add the physicians. They're ready to go. I know we did have some delays in center openings as a result of some sort of supply chain and other issues. And so it may be that some of the clinical teams were on staff in advance of some of those delays. So it's likely due to that, but we will follow up with the team and get back to you on that.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Scott. Yes, I think we have previously mentioned that we believe we've seen about 300,000 additional members as a result of the PHE and the waiver of those redeterminations. We've assumed that we will retain only about 20% of those as they go through the redetermination process this year. We are over indexed, obviously, to Florida. And we do think Florida is probably a little bit better prepared than some other states in terms of how they're planning to go about the process. To your point and as we've stated, we have seen lower acuity for the members who are maintaining access through the PHE. And our assumption is that those will be the members who are largely lost as a result of the process. We know that Florida intends to focus on members with lower utilization at the start of their process. And so, within our plan, we have assumed that as those members roll off, that, particularly in the state of Florida, those lower acuity members will in fact be the ones that we see move off more quickly. So, we do feel confident in sort of how we've approached the planning for this year and the redeterminations, but obviously, as the process begins in May, particularly in the state of Florida, we'll be watching closely to see if the ultimate retention matches our assumption and then certainly over the next number of months watch the acuity. But our assumption is that the 20% that remain look more like a typical pre-COVID sort of block of Medicaid business.
Susan Diamond: And A.J., I'll touch on your inpatient question. Before I do that, just a couple of things I'd add to what Bruce mentioned. Within the population, the duals in particular, as we said before, arguably, every duals should be in MA. The non-duals, certainly some have preference for [meds up] (ph). But within duals, it's a very clear value proposition and we think ultimately we'll see higher penetration than the non-duals, which is why it continues to be a focus. The other thing is -- which is interesting is agents are electing MA at the time of eligibility at a faster rate than they did years ago. Years ago, it would take a number of years to get these sort of new cohort of agents up to the average industry penetration. We have seen adoption out of the gate more quickly, which has helped support some of the continued penetration increases as well. And the last thing for '24, it's important to remember, as we said before, de-averaging that recalibration impact in particular is important in the places where you see higher impact are those places that have disproportionately high benefit values. And so the ability to absorb some level of adjustment may still have a very compelling value proposition to beneficiaries. In terms of your question about the strong inpatient trends that some of the hospital systems have reported, just as you said, we expected that, particularly in the first quarter. Because if you look at the medical costs last year over the quarters, it was depressed in the first quarter. And with our expectation that we would see trends return to normal levels, we would expect a higher first quarter trend relative to the average we would have planned for, for the year. So again, I do think that's very consistent with what we've seen, and even with that expectation and what the hospitals are reporting, we are still seeing some net favorability in the quarter.
Susan Diamond: Yes. So, a couple of things. So one, yes, as I said, the first quarter of 2022, we believe was more depressed relative to subsequent quarters because of the COVID dynamics. And if you remember last year, we're all speaking in the fact that COVID declined much more quickly than it had in previous surges, but non-COVID didn't bounce back at the same rate, and we got a little bit of a lag. So the first quarter overall, utilization was lower. And so we did anticipate that from a seasonality perspective, first quarter trends would be higher than the average for the year. The other thing to keep in mind from our perspective is also that the -- we had -- I think it was 65 admissions per 1,000 of COVID in January of last year. Those all carried that extra 20% payment. And so because COVID on an absolute level is lower this year, we are also seeing some benefit in terms of year-over-year trends related to unit cost, because we'd be paying a lower average unit cost. This all -- was all contemplated in our outlook for the year. In terms of our '24, I would say even though we've seen some favorability on the inpatient side, it's too early in the year for us to take a position at the entire year inclusive of inpatient and non-inpatient is when you run favorable. So, you can think of our assumptions going into pricing as assuming that we will come in on as expected in '23, and then again normal course trend in 2024 as well as again some further modest increase in healthcare capacity, which, as we've said, we would expect to take a number of years to get back to pre-COVID levels. So, we are not assuming any favorability in '23 as we go into '24 pricing and assuming normalized trend will continue.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Sarah. So, in terms of new members, as we commented I think on our fourth quarter call, we did see an all throughout AEP. We did see a meaningful decline in share within the call center partners. We had talked about the desire to incrementally shift some of that share back to our proprietary channels over a number of years. And because of some of the actions that the call center partners themselves took to pull back on some of the lower sort of quality lead marketing that they had done, as well as in the improvements we think in just the quality of their sales processes, they did see meaningfully lower share year-over-year. I think it was about 700 basis points lower than the prior year. That volume largely shifted to the independent field agent channel, which you can think of is more typical -- more like our proprietary channel in the sense that more of that's going to be through a face-to-face interaction through an independent broker. And what we've seen historically is that when you have a really strong value proposition, that channel -- the product will sort of do the work and you'll see nice strong uptake within that community, which is what we saw this year. And one thing that we view very positively is that channel tends to perform much more similar to our proprietary channel in terms of ultimate retention and plan satisfaction by the beneficiaries enrolled through that channel. So that's very positive. In terms of products and geographies, as Bruce mentioned in his comments, we were pleased to see some nice growth in some of our more mature highly-penetrated risk markets, which we view as quite positive. And that was intentional in terms of our strategy going into 2023 of where we want to make investments to grow. From a product perspective, certainly pleased with the strong dual growth that we continue to see, that remains to be a priority as well as our veteran plan. As we said before, broadly, we saw a meaningful -- the biggest increase year-over-year was seen in the non-dual space, which is by far the larger population, so again, was a priority for us. From a product perspective, we did introduce some new offerings that were intended to attract specific segment of the population, the Part B Giveback plan is one example where that really is designed for someone who is likely to have less sort of traditional utilization and is attracted to other -- some of the supplemental benefits that Bruce described as well as that Part B Giveback. And we have seen strong growth there, and those plans are tracking in line with what we had expected in terms of the acuity that they would attract. But really, we saw broad improvement across geographies and products given the way in which we deploy the investment dollars for 2023.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Ben. What I would say broadly is just given the outsized growth we've seen this year, our current estimate is about 17% versus the overall industry growth rate of closer to 7% to 8% we predict for the year. I would say by definition you're going to see more switchers. The absolute number of agents and eligibles isn't materially different year-over-year. And so, a lot of that increase in outsized growth in market share gains is going to naturally come from switchers. So, I would say there is a portion that we believe is sort of that chronic switcher where you think it's probably about 7% of the population, which is just always going to be out there looking to see if they've got the best value. And we do tend to see that, that cohort traditionally over-indexes through the call center channel and they've become comfortable with that channel in terms of initiating a plan change. I would say though as we've been talking really all year, we've been very focused on efforts to improve retention both internally through some of our onboarding experiences, particularly when we have a member enroll through one of our non-proprietary channels to make sure we engage with them, ensure they understand the plan design and their benefits and are able to access those benefits. But also working with the call center partners in particular where we commented that for 2022, that was where we saw the largest deterioration in retention rates year-over-year. We were really happy to see that as a result of their efforts and ours, that channel in particular got back nearly to the retention rate that we saw in 2021 prior, so about a 380 basis point improvement in their attrition rate year-over-year. So, really we're able to make up much of the deterioration that we saw in 2022. And I would just say that we all continue to be very focused on retention and identify additional opportunities to engage with our members and ensure that they understand their benefits and are able to access them and that they're in the right plan to meet their needs in the hopes of seeing further improvement going forward.
Susan Diamond: Yeah, I would -- sure. I would say to the degree you take market share, then you would expect to see a higher percentage of your enrollment come from switchers. If you were more at the industry rate, it would probably revert back to something more similar to historical. And so, it really does depend on absolute level of growth relative to the industry, I think is the main indicator of how that should trend.
Susan Diamond: Yes, no, it's a great question and one that we've debated with our CenterWell partners actually historically. But it's important to keep in mind that outside of certain markets, particularly South Florida and some of the other very highly penetrated risk markets, most of our HMO products operate more like a PPO where they're open access. And so the beneficiaries do have the option to go out of network and still receive services. So, we would argue that the benefit or the plans operate similarly. And certainly from a pricing perspective, we would take that into account in the way that we price those PPO products and the level of benefits that are offered, recognizing you may see more out of network utilization. I would say risk providers historically number of years ago typically only took risk on HMO, but they have generally started to become comfortable taking risks on PPO offerings as well, including our CenterWell. And so, I do think that's something we'll continue to watch and see does the performance look comparable across the two. I would say it's still fairly early in the penetration of PPO products and probably too early to declare, but my expectation would be that they are not materially different in terms of the ultimate performance for their risk providers based on the way that we would price them and then also given the strong capabilities the risk providers have and the relationships they develop that can allow them to see results that are comparable to what they see in the HMO in non-gated markets.
Susan Diamond: Yeah, sure. In terms of the driver of the additional growth, what I would say is in the D-SNP space, the improvement is more related to improved retention relative to what we had expected. And then, in the non-D-SNP space, I'd say it's more attributable to new sales. So a combination of the two, but more indexed to favorable retention on the duals and sales on the non-duals.
Susan Diamond: Yeah. And to add that if you remember last year, while we had a comparable value benefit to others and United in particular on the dual side, United have more flexibility in the way that card can be used. So, we introduced a similar option for 2023 as well as expand in this service category. So, as Bruce said, we do think that was very attractive and stood out relative to other options for 2023.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Lisa. So, in terms of the favorability we mentioned in the first quarter, specifically the drug mix, okay, that's just going to be generic versus brand. And then within each of those categories just the literal sort of line-by-line mix of drugs underneath, recognizing each one would have different sort of margin profiles, so mostly related to that. In terms of Part D, I mean, we remain committed to Part D in serving those duals and offering a strong value prop to them as well. Although we also, as we said before, really look to that product too to try to take disproportionate share of members enrolled in PDP who ultimately then make the decision to move to MA. And as we've said before, we do anticipate -- we do see that we get a disproportionate share of those conversions within our own block relative to the share we get in the open market. And we do expect about 80,000 conversions out of that book for 2023. I would say there is a lot of complexity going forward in terms of some of the Part D changes, the phasing changes, the introduction of a maximum out of pocket and the responsibility changes. And as I've said before, the thing that we're very mindful of is just understanding the implications in terms of the risk pool underneath how the margin profile looks for different types of utilizing members and ensuring that we can maintain stability in that book. CMS has introduced some mechanics that will help the industry navigate through that like the premium stabilization, which is certainly helpful and we appreciate. So, I would say still a lot of work to do, but I would say we remain committed to continuing to support the Part D beneficiaries and provide a strong value prop, but do you recognize there'll be probably some additional volatility in the coming year to some of these changes are implemented.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Ann. With respect to cash flow, I would say that the year-over-year change in reduction is really just normal course working capital items. Two things in particular that driven majority of that change is commission payables and the timing of those and the amount of those, as well as then rebate collection Those are really the two main drivers. On RADV, I think as we said before, we did not expect to see anything additional as per final rate notice, which is what played out. And frankly, that we don't have anything further to update at this time. Our position remains a thing. We continue to be disappointed that it didn't acknowledge the need for an adjuster and it will be important to work with CMS and really understand how they intend to implement that program -- audit program going forward, as the details have not yet been released. So, we'll continue to try to practically work with them and hopefully get to a reasonable solution that everyone is comfortable with. But no, nothing new to report currently.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, David, thanks for the question. Our most mature area is going to be in Florida with Conviva, to be honest with you. Our CenterWell sites that are de novo in the various markets are very, very small to considering the market in totality. So, if you take a Houston or Las Vegas, those areas I would just say that we don't have the penetration just because of time. With your question around what we -- the percentage we cover, I would say it's going to be in the low percentage rate, I mean, below 5% in any one market. Obviously, places like Miami will have the most penetration for us, but I would say it is at an area that will be at the -- in the low percentages.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah, thanks, Lance. I'll try to address those questions. On the performance side, we continue to see actually a really good performance in the business. Obviously, it is dependent on maturation of the state contracts. So that's -- earlier in the contract, you see less profitability. As it progresses through the contract, we continue to see improvement both because of volume and in addition just being able to help individuals with their health and continuing to lower the use of the healthcare system as a result of prevention. I would say from a performance point of view, it's going to be contract based, but in our more mature contracts, it's performing quite well. And as Susan said, there were the ones that -- one of our divisions that actually was performing above plan. On the RFP process, I really don't want to share the details of what we're trying to improve on. But I will try to address your third point around the social determinants. That has been an area we've invested heavily in over the last number of years, both in the health equity side with our Chief Equity Officer in leading that and really focusing on certain populations that have been disadvantaged and along with ensuring that people have access to non-healthcare benefits that help them with their healthcare. We mentioned in areas like food, and security would be an area where we're focused on. Some markets actually -- social isolation would be another area that we're focused on. And that's a combination of both the plan and our foundation as we support communities that we have Medicaid in through our foundation too. And so, to summarize, performance is going well. It's based on the maturation of the contract, but I would say it's going quite according to plan. And then, on the social determinants side, it's really a focus of ours and both on the health equity side, and in addition and being able to provide benefits outside the healthcare side.
Bruce Broussard: I'll take the first one and then Susan will take the second one. Just on your question on industry growth and preferences of our customers, I'd say first on the industry growth, we continue to see just really strong value proposition between Medicare Advantage and Medicare fee-for-service. As I mentioned, there's about $2,400 savings for Medicare Advantage beneficiaries. So, just in totality and we've seen that grow over the last number of years as a result of the industry's innovation and continuing to effectively reduce the cost of care through prevention. We don't -- we just believe that, that is so compelling that people are not going to walk away from that even though some of the benefits are -- might be changed. Which relates to your second question is really we've been doing a lot of work and we won't give you details on each of the areas there because there's some competitiveness there. But we've been doing a lot of work on what are the priority benefits that have and what are the less oriented ones. And it might be that you reduce some of the benefits, not eliminate them, would be an example of that or alter them a little bit. But it does depend on -- also on the type and the segment that you're oriented to. For example in the duals, we do find the supplemental benefit to be an important part of their decision making and that I think will continue to be important part of the offering within the industry and totality. In the other segments, we do see there's some uniqueness in their needs, but I would say that they're probably more refinement than actually elimination at all. And after the conclusion of our bid process, we can give you guys more detail and obviously in October when the bids come out. But I do believe, to answer your question, it's still highly compelling. I do think that we will alter some benefits, but we'll alter them in a way that is very manageable on behalf of the beneficiary, but it will be personalized to the segments themselves.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah. It's obviously early in the bid cycle for us to give you the details that you want here. I would say, in general, we continue to remain committed to growing our membership growth in the high single digits there. And I would just use that as sort of a measurement for us as we think about whether it's share gain or not. As we enter 2024, obviously, our Star's position is a positive for the company.
Bruce Broussard: We do see just on that -- in the switchers that there were a number of switchers that came to us as a result of frustration with service, and we feel those to have much more stickier relationships. And then in addition, as we see the brokers and how they look out to the future, the quality ratings and the number of members that you have in Stars, 4 Stars or greater plans becomes an important because they can predict sort of the benefit level as a result of that. And so, we do see brokers really oriented to a much more stable book and putting their members in -- with companies that have that stability both from a service point of view and then also predictability of the future.
Bruce Broussard: And so, there -- I think it's going to be important both in your ability to have a predictable benefit plans after 2024 and the brokers can see that, along with the fact that when they do shop that they will be satisfied with the existing plan once they realize that the value that's provided there. So, we do -- in essence, we do believe there will be more shopping in 2024.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah, I think we've said it before, I think two things. What we saw in the Part B Giveback, that was one that was really where we saw a lot of non-dual members go to, and really it was in markets that, as Susan has mentioned and I've mentioned, in value-based markets that we've traditionally have not grown as fast in. And then the other one is just the healthy food card. I mean, that's the other one that stands out for the duals.
Bruce Broussard: Well, thank you, operator. And in closing, we continue to be pleased with the solid start to the year, which as I mentioned before, reflects our high-quality fundamentals and the execution across the enterprise, and really demonstrates our commitment to the adjusted EPS target of $37.00 in 2025. I do want to thank our nearly 70,000 teammates and really contributing to the success and continuing to serve the customers in the best way. With that, I also want to thank each one of you for supporting the organization over the years and we look forward to having similar results in the coming quarters.
