Brian Kane: Good morning, Ralph, it's Brian. With regard to the individual MA margin, we're not prepared to give specifics today. I would tell you that for 2019, obviously as we continue to raise guidance, we are getting closer to our margin target, but we are still below it. I'll remind you that we've taken some of this outperformance and reinvested that in a benefit design for 2020, so that will obviously adversely impact the margin, but yes, we also need to grow pretax. And so, I would tell you that our margin for 2020 will continue to be below our long-term target, albeit, we continue to make progress against that goal. Beyond that, as we've committed is to getting back to that 4.5% to 5% margin target, obviously not prepared to give specifics on beyond 2020 today, but it's a focus of the organization to do that while we balance membership growth, because ultimately what we want to achieve is our 11% to 15% EPS growth target. With respect to new members, what I would say is that we've been pleased with how new members are running. As you know, we typically priced them to breakeven in the first year, as it takes several years for them to be documented appropriately and get into our clinical programs to ultimately drive margin from those members. I would tell you that our new members are running a little bit better than expectations as we approach the fourth quarter here. So that's obviously good news.
Brian Kane: I'll just start with the second question. I would say it's more of the base. I would just tell you that the new members are running a little bit better than expectations, but our core, what we call concurrent members are running really exceptionally well, which is what's driving the outperformance. As it relates to membership guidance, this is obviously a difficult number to predict because you're trying to understand what competitors have done, what the broker channel is doing. And what we've seen this year really are several things. First off in the optional election period or open enrollment period, effectively members have a one-time option to change plans early in the year that was something new this year. And we outgrew our expectations there really as a consequence of the fact that our benefit design and our – I think our broker relationships were really positive. And so that was one of the lifts that we got. Obviously, coming out of the AEP, it's always unpredictable, where you’ll ultimately finished because there's so little data when we first give guidance, but I’d say the first upside was around the OEP. And I would just say throughout the year, we've been pleasantly surprised about how our membership has been resonating with – and our benefit design has been resonating with new potential members, again, the broker channel is really outperforming, I would say they’re the channel that's producing most of the outperformance currently. And that's just a function of, I think, the relationship that we develop, the tools that we provide them and the brand in the marketplace that we've been able to establish because of the really service we provide and the provider relationships that we've had. And so, we've just seen continued resonance in the marketplace that had been above our expectations.
Brian Kane: Okay. It's a fair question. I really wouldn't – I prefer not to give all the specific play-by-play as to how our guidance points ultimately developed. Obviously, there are lot of factors that go into our guidance. On the outperformance that we've seen this year has been positive with respect to that. We incorporated a lot of that outperformance into our benefit design, which was really important, we talked about that the last quarter. Obviously, the more you outperform, you feel better about the guidance that you're given, but beyond that, I wouldn't want to comment. We feel good about the guidance, the number that we're given today and we'll provide more details on the fourth quarter call.
Brian Kane: Yes. Look, we are still ways away from understanding the membership that we've attracted, in AEP, we're just starting the process, PDP matters too, just in terms of the member movement and who moves and how that occurs. And so there's always lots of uncertainty at this time of year in providing guidance, which why we hesitatingly do so. But I know it's important for our investors that we do. And so we try to give you a broad context of how we're seeing things. And I would just say there's lots of uncertainty at this point in the year. And I think the guidance we've given is appropriate and reflects our current best thinking.
Brian Kane: Yes. Good morning, Scott. We haven't given specific margin guidance targets for the commercial business. What I would say is though that we are committed to growing it and really appealing to an employer base that is really crying out for a different offering. And we believe, we’ve the opportunity to leverage our clinical chassis from our retail business. Some of the partnerships that Bruce outlined, some of the innovative D&A that we have within Humana to – we believe offer a product that is compelling to the group space. We view this space as having a lot of optionality, it's something that we want to continue to invest in and something we will invest in. As you indicated, we have invested this year, you'll continue to see us invest in it. The margins on the specialty product being the dental and vision product are very attractive and so it's important to get that right. So we set ourselves up for a strong growth path over the coming years. And I would say also we have an opportunity to leverage really the pipeline that group provides into the retail segment for the – going from under 65 over 65 both for our individual business, as well as for our group MA business. And I think, that's something we haven't really capitalized as much as we can do and you'll see us continue to focus there. And so, as Bruce mentioned in his remarks, we're continuing to look up market. So we're very focused on the small group customer and it's something we've done quite well, particularly on the ASO level funded side and the traditional underwritten product, where we've done quite well. But we think there's the opportunity to move a little bit up market, really build out key markets, where some of the infrastructure hasn't been as geared to some of these larger account customers. And I think offer an innovative product, it's going to take several years, but we're committed to that. And I think also you'll see because of a number of more one-time investments this year, you'll see an increase in pretax for next year, I mean for 2020.
Brian Kane: Without providing too much color because we typically don't give a lot of detail on individual products. Obviously the premium being much lower in the low price Walmart plan, the dollar margins going to be less per unit sold. The question then becomes what is the impact on the healthcare services side and we'll see what the mail order uptick rate is, that'll be an important element of the profitability. And so obviously as we went into this year and we set guidance we're aware of those dynamics as they're shifting between the plans and some of that questioned around how many people migrate from one plan to the other obviously is an important assumption in our ultimate guidance range that we gave to that.
Brian Kane: Yes. It's Brian, good morning A.J. So on the savings numbers, we haven't given a specific number in terms of what the 2020 savings are going to be, but they're, very meaningful. We mentioned that there are 2,000 positions that were really impacted by this and so that's a meaningful number and there were a number of non-sort of personnel related decisions that we've made that will result in significant savings. I would just say also going forward, the intention is to continue the productivity initiatives into the future. We believe it's essential to be efficient with our resources not only to drive down costs, but also we believe it creates a better experience and outcome for our members and also frankly from a compliance perspective. So you'll see us continue to leverage automation in AI and other elements of looking really cross processes rather than within vertical silos.
Brian Kane: On the PBM side, obviously this is a critical business for us. We're going to continue to invest, there's really several elements of it, there's traditional PBM side and how do we become best-in-class in sort of our claims processing and our formulary management in our IT capabilities, et cetera. And so we're very focused there on investing on that side of the business, there's then sort of traditional mail order pharmacy, both in terms of driving penetration as well as directly creating a much better customer experiences. As Bruce has mentioned, we've been given awards on that front. We continue to invest in that and want to continue to lead the space there with regard to customer experience. We will look for opportunities to grow our specialty franchise. And so you'll see that as we look to grow that business. Obviously more and more of the pharmaceuticals fill today in the specialty space and that's something that we want to continue to grow. We want to figure out ways to grow our traditional mail order penetration, so you'll see us invest there. And with regard to third-parties, we actually have a small third party business. We would be open to continuing to grow that, depending on the opportunity and so again, we're always looking for opportunistic opportunities out there to grow the business. And so I think we're thinking broadly about the PBM, it's a business that we want to continue to grow directly beyond just the MA and PDP membership growth in our retail segments, so we're very focused there.
Brian Kane: That was definitely a number of one-time cost, I'd rather not quantify it, if it weren't meaningful, we wouldn't have called it out obviously, but I just – not give that level of granularity. I would say that this is going to be a several quarter investment in dental and getting us onto a growth path. We've actually done quite well in that business. We just think it's an opportunity to grow much faster, not only leveraging our individual MA growth, which we think is meaningful to cross sell in terms of what were called OSBs or Optional Supplementary Benefits that we can cross sell, but also on the group side as well. So we continue to look to how to grow the group dental business. And so we want to ensure that we have platforms, systems and provider relationships that allow us to achieve that growth. And so we're going to continue to invest in it. I think you're going to start seeing a pay-off over time and as I said, we're committed to that.
Brian Kane: Well, I think it's a combination of things where we are still early in open enrollment in terms of the data, termination data is a really important element here and that's something that we just really don't have a lot of data on. It's very incomplete. I think you have a better view of sales, but still quite early in sales. A lot of the sales happen towards the end of the AEP period. So clearly our guidance is based in part on that, but also we evaluate on a market-by-market basis how we're positioned competitively. We have obviously all the plans that are out there, so we can see how we stack up versus others. We do think that our relationships with the broker community are very important and our external channel and internal career force is very focused on driving growth. And so obviously that's a part of the calculation as well. And so, we'll see where it goes. I mean it's, it's very hard to predict that at this part – this part of the cycle, as Bruce said we did have to reduce benefits for certain of members. We were very thoughtful and prudent about that and that's entirely on account of the health insurance fee. We've taken a balanced approach as we always do to growth into margin, but we think we've been bit baffled on how we've done that. So the guidance we put out today is really our best estimate of where we think we'll be and as we get further into the AEP period and obviously after we'll have more clarity around that.
Brian Kane: So on the D-SNP side, as Bruce said earlier, we are committed to growing our D-SNP, you've seen significant increase in growth this year on the D-SNP side, we've expanded our D-SNP offering. I think you'll continue to see us expand our D-SNP offering. We believe that these members play right to Humana's strengths, which is managing difficult conditions and clinical challenges. And so it really is right in our strike zone. And so you'll see us continue to expand that. We'll see where it goes with this year and obviously it's a competitive space but we're committed to growing it.
Bruce Broussard: Just to add, I think, we also had expanded our Special Needs Plans and the ability to market them all year long has also been contributed to the over performance. I think we continue to see us being strong in that marketplace both in the current year and in subsequent years.
Bruce Broussard: Let me take that question. Obviously, we're very excited about the Louisiana opportunity coming in second and really the top four profit organization in the scores, which I think also supports how we did in Florida. And what we see is, in the states that are looking for a progressive view on Medicaid and looking for a comprehensive program that really isn't taking some of the historical programs and carrying them forward, but really dealing with things like social determinants, doing things in areas of value-based payment models, using predictive models to allow much more clinical interaction. We've seen that’s being a very responsive to our capabilities. I think Texas, we continue to be engaged in Texas, we're not going to comment on how we approach the – both this current award and then in addition the award that will be coming out in subsequent months. But we do believe that Texas probably erred a little bit on the area of staying a little bit true to what has been the traditional players as opposed to looking a little broader in market and where other states have gone and being a little more oriented to some of the programs that we offer. That being said, we continue to be very oriented to market that are complementary to our Medicare platform as – and you'll see us participate in other states that where we have a good position in the marketplace, both in our relationships with providers around value-based capability where we have social programs to help support the communities that we have there, and in addition, where we have strong relationships with the states. So you'll see us respond to RFPs, I don't think we're giving out where we're responding to, but I think if you look at the overlap of where we have deep capabilities and with our MA, that will give you guys some insight of what we – where we would prioritize our states at.
Bruce Broussard: Sure. Good morning, Kevin. I think that's fair. I mean, look, we've outperformed in the third quarter that obviously does flow through to next year, we're mindful of that, and it's incorporated in the 2020 perspective that we've given today. But you're correct, I mean, obviously the better the Medicare business performs in the back half of the year, the better we're set up for a stronger 2020.
Bruce Broussard: As Brian has highlighted, we realized that we need to improve the group performance and we look at it in a few different ways. First, I think you'll continue to see us focus on how can we improve the productivity of the business and do it in a way that has long-term sustainability, that’s one. I think, second is that you’re going to see us orient to markets that we feel are complimentary to Medicare and be much more oriented to what markets we're in, as opposed to being in a number of different markets. We find our products are more regional based, they are – they serve a customer base that has a large employment base that's in that region. So school districts would be a good example of that and municipalities and other governmental agencies that we serve. The third thing I think you'll see is, is that we Accolade is a great example of that. That you'll – that will continue to focus on how we differentiate ourselves through experience and also health offerings, which is at the core of what our – the company is about, if you look at our Medicare success, our clinical capabilities, and in addition, our customer service sort of ranks as being best in breed, I think you'll see us continue to do that. So, we realize this year's performance in group is not something that we're proud of. We are very active to both improving it in the short run, but as Brian says that as I think under Chris Hunter's leadership that we are very oriented to improving the business in a way that compliments the existing platforms that we have and both markets and in specific capabilities.
Bruce Broussard: I'll take it. I think there's multiple layers of points to the reimbursement and let me sort of talk a little bigger picture and then we'll get down to the specifics of the 8% versus 4% behavioral adjustment. I think in general, when we went into the Kindred investment, we went into it with the view that there would be reimbursement changes in there and those reimbursement changes would not only be rate impacted, but also just the way the business was going to the drivers of the business. And we are very excited about the changes of the reimbursement model, moving to a model that is going to reward more for nursing and reward more for chronic conditions as opposed to just therapy and be more oriented to less chronic conditions. So first just the structural changes there we find are very helpful for our member base and then advancing the downstream costs, such as admissions and readmissions in addition complications of particular conditions in total. The second thing is when we constructed the deal and did our forecast, we constructed the deal with knowing that there would be a transition both – that would require operational transition, and in addition, require us from a financial point of view. And so, when we did the deal on it and based on our valuations, we also assumed this particular transition there. That is one of the reasons why you saw the organization invest in technology in 2019 to be able to prepare for these changes. And I think, if you were sitting in the board room of Kindred, you would also see a number of other changes both from competencies, clinical programs and so on and preparing for it. So I think – the both Kindred and Humana are very active in that evolution. The third thing is on the just the financial side and I would say that it is incorporated in our outlook for 2020 and the years beyond that. But I do also want to highlight that in, when we were to exercise the put or call it is on the operating performance post that reimbursement change. So it does reflect in the other 60% that we purchased on. So, in summary, we're very excited about the changes as it structurally changes the economics to take on the conditions that we feel are most important for our members. Secondarily, we have incorporated that in the transaction, both in the operating results that we see over the coming years. But then most importantly, as our – as we move to exercise in the put or call is, it will be reflected in the purchase price accordingly.
Bruce Broussard: I’ll take the first part, and I’ll let Brian take the second part. In our relationships with retailers, we feel the combination of local convenience of both the pharmacy itself, but also the pharmacist is a very important part of the delivery both in Part D and also MA in total because we find the pharmacist is an important conversation to have not only about the drug but also about just conditions in general and so we – our relationships, whether it's a Walmart or Walgreens or other drug stores are very important for that and the delivery of that. We've had a long standing and a very positive relationship with Walmart over the years and their drive of being low cost in the marketplace and our preference to be low cost in the marketplace is sort of an important synergy that we drive towards. And we feel that it continues to be that going forward. This year is obviously an exceptional year for us in the conversion as a result of moving – having to combine two plans to create capacity for our low cost plan and the confusion that takes, but Walmart was very excited about our opportunity to bring a low cost plan out to be the leader in the low cost plan, which really sets what their – one of their missions is in both locally and nationally. I'll turn it over now to Brian, maybe talk a little bit about the profitability between the different products.
Bruce Broussard: And with respect to 2020 new members, again, I just tried to provide commentary that the new members are running well. And so one of the biggest concerns you have when you particularly go 530,000 members that you could get adversely selected and you'd have problems there. What the message we're communicating today is actually that the members are running well. We're not going to make any change in our assumptions. We always assume the members are breakeven because again, these are largely on the margin, but we want to make sure that that we appropriately reflect the fact that our experience has been that these new members are break even, so that'll be the assumption – certainly the assumption in our guidance today. With respect to DCPs, I wouldn't read too much into DCPs. We feel that we are properly reserved this statistic can vary meaningfully quarter-to-quarter. If you look back over time, it varies several days not uncommonly from quarter-to-quarter or year-over-year, whatever that may be. I would just say, we feel good about how we're reserved and we think we'll reserve appropriately.
Bruce Broussard: Just to add to what Brian's saying. A.J., I think you remember when the tax reform came out 24 months ago or so, we committed to our shareholders that we were going to invest in technology that would give us a longer-term savings. What you're seeing in 2019 that will show up in 2020 is the leveraging of that investment to come back and provide value to the shareholders. End of year that's needed considering the HIF and the need to continue to remain competitive in the marketplace. So I wanted to just go back in history to connect the dots there.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, I mean, we always in discussions of how we can expand our partnership with Walmart that we find, as I mentioned on the previous question, that we find our culture and our goals are aligned, especially in the healthcare area. What we've found in their quest to expand their platform in healthcare within some place like Rome, Georgia, is that it is very catered to the commercial and their associate base as opposed to being more senior focused as what our products and services are. So we are little more narrower in our approach. And so if you take our relationship with Walgreens in both in the Kansas city area and expanding into the South Carolina area, that is a senior oriented delivery model that is very much oriented around chronic conditions and value- based payment models. That's a different operating approach than Walmart is doing in some of their stores, but that's very commercial oriented and very fee-for-service oriented, low price in nature and I think they're really trying to help the healthcare system and bring in efficiencies to it. But in a much different model, we're much more oriented to seniors, much more oriented to broader health conditions that we are managing over a longer period of time as opposed to maybe a little more volume and fee-for-service orientation.
Bruce Broussard: I think we look at it as a combination. We believe that our capabilities that we've built over the last number of years afford us the opportunity to interstate organically, which you've seen. But in addition we find that there are regional areas where we can expand in a quicker and more capital efficient way through acquisitions and we will be more than open to go that approach to.
Bruce Broussard: Well, I would just say a number of investments are going to take place in the fourth quarter as they typically do. Really, reflecting the annual enrollment period and also the significant PDP sort of flux that we've seen, because of the number of members that are impacted by our changes. And so we were investing significantly just to ensure that transition goes as smoothly as possible. So I wouldn't read anything into it.
Bruce Broussard: Yes., Matt. We would love to be able to speculate on this and give you the specifics on it. I think what we do believe is that there is a bipartisan support for this. I think if you were to talk to anybody, I would say it just doesn't make sense the way it's constructed at taxes, the underprivileged and it's just not appropriate. I think the industry is wrestling with, not support it's wrestling with how does it get through the legislative process and all I don't want to say dysfunction, but the confusion that's in Washington right now, it's just hard to predict how this will get going through. There's some things, that they need to pass, there's some, how long do they pass it as it's sort of did they give a 30 day extension on certain things and get it through to January? Do they do six months? I mean there's just so many ways that this could get navigated through that. We're just sort of sitting there and believing that it should be done. We believe that with their support, we're just trying to find the Avenue to do it and I think that's a little bit out of our control. We're influencing it as much as possible, but we are trying to find that right opportunity.
Bruce Broussard: Sure. Without commenting on the specifics of the actual contract, I think it's fair to say that in the initial year the profitability is significantly less and that profitability ramps up over the time of the contract. We bid to ensure that our contribution margin positive, that's important for us to drive returns on capital, but there's definitely an improvement in those results over time, largely for similar reasons. These members get in our clinical programs, which we find have a meaningful impact on their medical costs and their health and then also their conditions get documented more appropriately, so for the same reasons that impact individual MA results to similar dynamic in group.
Bruce Broussard: On the ESRD, I mean we are very actively engaged with CMS on the details of that particular program, realizing that those members are both in great need of assistance and we see the Medicare Advantage program being able to slow the disease progression down for our members and at the same time finding cost effective treatment for their complex disease. I would say that over the coming months, we'll probably see more details that come out of how that program will roll out all the way from – as they're going to be an adjustment in benchmark to things like network adequacy to areas of how some ESRD will evolve. So there's a lot of – we believe there's a lot of changes that are needed in that we've communicated those changes to ensure that both those members and members that do not have ESRD would have adjustments made if the proper rates are not adjusted accordingly.
Bruce Broussard: With that, I think we'll call it that's it, right. And again, like every quarter we really appreciate both our shareholders support and in addition our analyst support in helping us communicate the story. In addition, we couldn't do this without the 50,000 associates that everyday get up and help our members and help us be successful like we have over the last number of years. So we appreciate everyone's support and have a wonderful day.
