Susan Diamond: Sure, Justin. I’ll try to address those. So yes, in terms of MLR, as you said internally, it is meeting our expectation. As you mentioned, analyst expectations did vary. I think there was on the consolidated MLR, about a 200 basis point spread in analyst expectations at about 150% basis point spread in retail. There is a wide variation. What came out in terms of consensus was based on just a few who happened to respond to this survey. So we do want to reiterate that what we are seeing internally from an individual Medicare Advantage perspective, we are seeing better-than-expected results and better-than-expected MERs based on the – primarily the lower inpatient utilization we mentioned. Within the segment, though, as we said, there is some mix impact in terms of the higher Medicaid membership that comes with a higher MER typically as well as the group Medicare pressure that we mentioned in my commentary. But when you consider all of that, as we said, we are very pleased with our performance, in particular, the strength of individual MA improvement which, is reflective of the more conservative pricing approach we took in our bids that we’ve been talking about all year. For the full year, we also remain confident in what we are seeing we will certainly continue to watch the emerging trends to see if that results in any additional favorability in the back half of the year relative to our estimates. But currently, we are forecasting that we will be in line with our expectations for the retail segment for the year despite the higher Medicaid membership and group MA pressure. On the hospice transaction, as far as the divestiture, you are correct, the $0.65 is reflective of the expectation that we will close that divestiture in the third quarter. It is a little bit higher than you might expect if you just run rate some of the numbers that we shared when we did the initial transaction. There is about $1.5 billion in revenue associated with that segment. The reason there is a little bit higher dilution is the fact that the entity expects to take on debt once they divest. So the interest expense, particularly in this rate environment, is a little bit higher than we had initially expected in our guide at the first quarter and then also some of the dissynergies that will occur as a result of operating independently from the home health organization. All of that was considered when we contemplated the divestiture. And so as we’ve been thinking about 2023 planning, we were contemplating the divestiture of that position. And so we still expect to deliver within our long-term target range and be able to cover the impact of the hospice transaction, which we continue to believe is the right thing to do strategically. As for the proceeds, as we’ve said before, we do intend to use the majority of those proceeds to pay down debt to deliver on the Humana side, which will allow us to get back down to at the low 40s as we mentioned in my commentary.
Susan Diamond: Yes, Matt. Good question. And we spoke to some of this in the first quarter as we were seeing this and accounted for in our first quarter estimates. So if you recall, some of it is, as you said, just a reflection of when you see lower inpatient utilization, typically some of the lower-cost admissions are the ones that are no longer occurring and so you tend to see a little bit higher unit cost than what’s left over. So we did see some of that. But we did see some higher just unit cost for certain underlying procedures, and we continue to evaluate that. And as I mentioned in our second quarter intra-year development, we were pleased to see some of that moderate relative to what we had seen and booked as of the first quarter. So we will continue to watch that. The one other thing I would point out, and we mentioned this in the first quarter, some of the reasons we’re seeing lower inpatient volumes is a continued shift of procedures from the inpatient to the outpatient setting. And when that occurs, that typically results in activity that is lower than average unit cost with an inpatient setting shifting to that outpatient setting, also putting pressure on the unit cost. That was something that we had not fully anticipated as we entered the year. CMS, if you recall, reinstated the inpatient-only list. And so we did not expect to see continued shifting both in our utilization and unit cost estimates. And so as we’ve seen that continue to transition despite CMS’ actions, we saw the benefits of that on utilization, but then some increase to the unit cost. The unit costs are still higher than all of that said, then we would have expected still continue to watch that and see if in the coming months that doesn’t continue to moderate. We have great visibility in real-time to inpatient utilization, but to fully evaluate the unit cost, we’re dependent on those claims coming in over time. And so we will continue to watch that and keep you apprised of what we’re seeing.
Susan Diamond: It’s primarily orthopedic, which we saw in 2021 as well. And so we saw a significant shift in ‘21 and continue to see additional shifts, and it is primarily in the orthopedic space.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Kevin. Let me take that. In terms of 2023 growth, we are very pleased with the progress we’ve made on the $1 billion value creation goal. And as we’ve been saying, the intent is to use the benefit of that work to primarily support investment in our Medicare business, but also support some acceleration within our healthcare services capabilities. And within the Medicare business, we’ve commented that the majority of the dollars that will be directed to Medicare will support improved value proposition in our Medicare Advantage offerings, but also support increased investment in marketing and distribution to support that. As we completed all of the planning work by the Medicare organization, as they thought through their product strategy, I would say the Medicare team was really pleased with the capacity that, that $1 billion value creation effort created for them, and they feel really good about the investments it allowed them to make and are feeling confident that we will be able to demonstrate significant improvement in our Medicare growth in 2023. As Bruce mentioned in his comments, we had a chance to meet with our external distribution partners recently and share some of those details and we’re really pleased with the reaction and positive sentiment and optimism expressed and commitment to returning to growth that our investment is demonstrated. In our commentary this morning, we were pleased to announce that given the outperformance we’ve seen in 2022 and the second quarter in particular that did give us some capacity to invest some of that outperformance into additional marketing and distribution that’s anticipated to support the 2023 AEP. And we felt really strongly that given the amount of investment we made in our Medicare products for ‘23, we’re going to certainly make sure we appropriately support it with marketing and distribution investments to ensure that we maximize the return off of those investments. So the team is really thrilled with what we’ve been able to do, and we’re feeling confident. We will obviously have to see how the landscape data comes out just exactly how we’re positioned and refine our estimates and we typically give you some sense in our third quarter call. I’m not prepared to do that today. But you want to express that we feel very optimistic and confident that we will see significantly higher growth relative to 2022 off the strength of the investments that we’ve made. In terms of the lower utilization, I would say, we’ve certainly talked in our first quarter commentary of some of the utilization, depression that we saw. I would say that generally, we attributed that to COVID at that that. As you recall, we were seeing a much faster decline in COVID hospitalizations with this latest surge than we’ve seen previously. And so we attributed the lower non-COVID utilization to simply a slower bounce back because that was not anticipated generally. So when you think about our bids, we would not have anticipated any of the favorability we’ve seen this year to signal sort of sustained below baseline utilization or medical costs and would have assumed in 2023 a more steady state sort of normal course level of medical cost trend. So to the degree we see further improvement that we think is reflective of just lower core trend then that would be favorable to what we would have anticipated at the time of bids.
Susan Diamond: Yes, A.J., I’ll take the first one then transition to Bruce. As it reflects 2023, our first quarter commentary did confirm that you can think about the baseline for ‘23 as the $24.50 that we adjusted to you then. I would say that for right now, we’re not going to comment on any further adjustment to the 2023 baseline or 2022 baseline rather for ‘23. And that’s just because we’ve got our Investor Day conference scheduled for September 15, where we do intend to talk about or expect long-term growth expectations. And so I don’t want to get in front of any of that. But I will say that broadly speaking, as we think have thought about our bid planning and our planning for 2023, we were mindful of our stated long-term growth target. There is always a variety of puts and takes that go into every – the planning every year. I would say some of the known headwinds would have been obviously the anticipated hospice divestiture that has always been contemplated in our thinking for ‘23. So that’s not a surprise. More recently, we have seen the proposed rate – negative rate adjustment for home health that would not have been something we previously contemplated. And we will have to see ultimately where the final proposal comes out and whether that sees some improvement relative to the current proposal. But that would be something that we hadn’t contemplated and one of those puts and takes we have to manage. From a positive perspective, certainly, membership growth in 2023, we’re expecting to see improvement. We will have to see as AEP plays out, whether that is more favorable than we might have expected, which could be a positive. And also the medical cost trends, obviously, that we’re seeing this year, as I mentioned in my commentary, we will continue to evaluate those and see whether some of that continues to be positive through 2023. We always have to think about then any risk adjustment implications of any utilization variation that we see and we will certainly be mindful of that. And I would say the one other thing we continue to watch is flu. We’ve seen very low flu the last few years. Some of the early indicators from Australia in particular do suggest a higher flu season for the fourth – potentially for the fourth quarter. So we continue to watch that. But again, that would be one of those puts and takes that we continue to watch. So a variety of things, but I would say nothing that’s such an outlier that is giving us concern at this point, but rather normal course things that we would manage through for 2023. And then Bruce, do you want to...
Susan Diamond: Sure, Nathan. Happy to answer that. So as you mentioned, we are seeing lower inpatient utilization, which we have seen all year. The first quarter, we did see certainly a faster decline in COVID that’s obviously now subsided. As we’ve gotten further away from that last surge, we’ve continued to see lower inpatient utilization. As we’ve analyzed it, there are a few things that are primarily driving that. One is lower flu. As I mentioned, we have seen lower levels than historical that impacted the first half of the year. That will certainly moderate in the third quarter because you see low flu activity in general. And as I mentioned, we will have to watch and see how flu develops in the fourth quarter. So right now, we are assuming that we don’t return fully to sort of pre-COVID levels, but rather it’s some moderation from that, but we are assuming it doesn’t run quite as low as we have seen through the pandemic. We have to watch and see how flu develops in the fourth quarter. Right now, we are assuming that we don’t return fully to sort of pre-COVID levels, but rather it’s some moderation from that, but we are assuming it doesn’t run quite as low as we have seen through the pandemic. We also saw, as I mentioned, continued inpatient-to-outpatient shifts. That was something, as I said, we did not contemplate in our initial guide. And so that’s positively impacting the inpatient utilization. We are seeing some higher unit costs as a result in utilization. We are seeing some higher unit costs as a result. But as I mentioned, on the non-inpatient side, while we’re seeing that higher utilization, we are seeing in total, though, slightly positive overall non-inpatient costs relative to expectations. So we’ve been able to absorb that higher volume shift within the non-inpatient estimates as well. And then we are seeing some improved impact from some of our utilization management programs. They are also positively impacting inpatient activity. So other than the flu that we will moderate some, we don’t have any reason to think that inpatient to outpatient or the positive utilization management impacts won’t continue for the rest of the year, and so that is contemplated in our full year guide. In terms of DCP, as you said, it is up 3 days sequentially, and that was primarily driven as you can see in some of our disclosures by additional provider accruals as well as fee-for-service days and claims payable. And so is reflective of a stronger reserve positioning as of the end of the second quarter versus what you saw first quarter. You can also see that reflected in the higher IBNR trends relative to premium. I think our IBNR trends were up 2.9% versus premium trends of about 1.9%. So we think reflective of an appropriately conservative posture with respect to reserves at the end of the second quarter.
Susan Diamond: And Josh, I would add to what Bruce mentioned. I think in terms of some specific things we do to try to encourage the utilization of those high-performing providers, we certainly work with our distribution partners who have an opportunity at the time of enrollment to help with PCP selection. And so they are certainly educated on all the benefits of those high-performing primary care providers and know who they are in each market and can help with that. We certainly work to make sure our provider sort of physician finder tools that both agents and consumers use properly reflect the quality and the services that are available by those providers, and you will see that if you ever go out to the site and how those providers are ranked based on cost and quality. And then finally, I would say, certainly, our provider organization and our health plans work in coordination on marketing efforts and continue to try various campaigns and learn what’s proving to be effective in driving greater awareness and adoption of those high-performing models. So, all of those things, I think contribute in addition to what Bruce mentioned to some of the progress that we have seen.
Susan Diamond: Yes. I think given that we have got the September 15th Investor Day coming up, where we have committed to providing an update on how we think about our long-term EPS growth range, we would just prefer to wait and have that discussion at Investor Day more comprehensively versus a discrete sort of commentary on the baseline today. So, it’s not that we are saying – it won’t change, we just want to go ahead and provide a more comprehensive update on September 15th.
Susan Diamond: Sure. I will take that. So, I would say, as you mentioned, while MLR was different and didn’t meet consensus, that’s again reflective of how I mentioned earlier. There is a wide range in the consensus estimate. Those are not necessarily reflective of internal estimates. And so relative to our internal estimates, we did see outperformance particularly in our individual MA business. And so it’s important to keep that in mind. I would say that we are seeing so far, certainly in ER use observations. They are continuing to run lower than we saw pre-COVID. Some of that, I do think it’s probably reflective of people seeking out other sites of care that are more appropriate, whether that’s physician and urgent care that they became accustomed to during the pandemic and has continued. We do acknowledge, however, that we know there is capacity constraints within the healthcare system today. How much impact that’s having on some of the lower utilization, it’s hard to know for sure. And that is something, I think on the longer term trajectory we are going to have to continue to monitor and see ultimately where the utilization levels come in. The other thing to keep in mind is the higher mortality as a result of COVID, as we have said, has an impact on medical cost trend and overall utilization and a negative trend because those that passed way due to COVID tended to be higher utilizers, they had multiple comorbidities. And so that’s also reflected in our estimates and we will see continued impacts from that going forward. But otherwise, I would say a lot still to be learned. We are seeing some favorability and we will have to continue to assess the team’s thinking on how much of that will continue into 2023, but might see some moderation as capacity hopefully starts to return within the clinical community.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Stephen, happy to do that. So, yes, so the outperformance for the quarter was $1. That does though include what you can think of as the $0.50 conservatism that we had included in our original guide in the first half of the year related to COVID. So, you can consider that as us releasing the $0.50 of conservatism within the second quarter results and part of the dollar, not additive to it. We have maintained the $0.50 in our back half year estimates, as I mentioned in my commentary, however. So, as you think about the dollar and then how we have used the dollar $0.25 goes to the guidance raise, the $0.75 of additional marketing and distribution investments that was not previously contemplated in our full year guidance and so $0.75 is being used for that. And then as you mentioned, we have acknowledged $0.15 of additional hospice dilution that was not contemplated in the revised guide as of the end of the first quarter. So, technically, that’s a little bit more than $1, and that just recognizes that we do have still the $0.50 of COVID contingency in the back half. And we also have any continuation of the outperformance we have seen in the second quarter that might trend into the third and fourth quarters, which is reasonable to think that we may see some additional improvement relative to our current estimates. So, that’s how we think about the dollar and how we have spent it based on the current performance.
Susan Diamond: Hi Scott, yes, happy to take that. So, as you said, this is a 4% rate reduction is proposed. We certainly are – will continue to advocate and educate in terms of just some – while it’s predicated on the behavioral adjustment is the driver of that. We certainly want to make sure that people also consider the inflationary environment, the challenges with clinician labor. I think there is broad support for continued shift of care to the home and the benefits of home healthcare. And so we do hope to see some moderation that’s more reflective of the current cost trends within the space. But if it were to move forward as proposed at about the 4% cut for the enterprise, you can think of that as about a $30 million impact. It’s slightly higher for the Kindred business specifically. But within our Medicare business, we did not contemplate that level of rate reduction in our thinking for the health plan for ‘23. And so there is some mitigation within the year relative to that. So, that net impact at the proposed rate is about $30 million. As you said, given that rate cut, certainly, there is more emphasis on value-based payment models. We have seen that from other providers as well, which we are pleased to see. As respect to our plans, we were already well down the path of working on a value-based payment model. And as we – Bruce said in his commentary, we were pleased to see that we were able to expand our value-based – broader value-based home health, DME and infusion model in the State of Virginia this quarter as we had initially planned and remain committed to expanding that model to about 50% of our MA members within the next 5 years. So, we are I think ahead of that curve, but we are encouraged by some of the discussions we are having with some other home health providers who I think are becoming more focused on value-based payment models, which we do think is important and will provide an opportunity to get after some of the adverse implications in terms of hospitalizations and avoidable admissions that we think home health has an opportunity to impact if they become more focused on it. So, we are pleased with that.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Stephen. Happy to answer that. So, in terms of annual wellness visits, I would say our experience this year is in line with expectations, so no significant outperformance or underperformance, but generally in line and haven’t heard anything in terms of any concerns in terms of the ability to get into patient time. So, I think that’s tracking as expected. In terms of MRA for 2023, certainly, as I mentioned, to the degree we continue to see lower utilization in 2022 relative to the expectations, we will certainly do the assessment to understand whether there would be any implications to ‘23 risk adjustment, but I would expect net-net for that still to be positive even after considering MRA. On the group MA side, where we are seeing higher utilization as you think about 2023, we would expect to see some mitigation as a result of that with increased MRA expectations as well. So, it works both ways. In terms of 2022, we did receive the midyear payment. And I would say it’s generally in line with expectations, maybe just slightly positive, but broadly in line with expectations, so no meaningful variance there.
Susan Diamond: Hi David, yes, happy to address that. So, as we think about it, as you said, the higher ‘23 membership growth, as you mentioned, does tend to bring members who have lower margins until they are appropriately coded over time. We get their STAR scores up, etcetera. So, that is true. But keep in mind that we are also anticipating as a result of our product investments that we will also see higher retention. And so the higher retention that we will see those are going to be members who will positively contribute. So, ultimately, we will just have to see what the ultimate mix is from a combination of sales and retention in terms of any year-over-year change that, that might imply in terms of the margin. In terms of the investment that we have made, as you mentioned, the $1 billion value creation goal, that is going to generate savings across the enterprise. So, it will not obviously be fully generated within the Medicare organization but we intend to disproportionately invest those savings into the Medicare organization. So, all-in, you would think of that from just a pure individual MA perspective as being somewhat dilutive to the margin because we will be investing more dollars in that product than the savings that that line of business alone will generate. Within retail, we will get some further offset, obviously, from the savings that the rest of the retail organization will contribute. But then some will obviously be outside of that retail segment. So, we will certainly give you some more visibility to that as we talk in September about how we are thinking about our margin progression and EPS growth over time. But for right now, those are some of the bigger things that you can think about impacting 2023.
Susan Diamond: Yes. George, happy to do that. So, we have been talking a lot about just our distribution strategy and the goal of over time trying to see a little bit more volume shift back to our proprietary channels to create a little bit more balance and also recognizing that we tend to see better retention and customer satisfaction in our proprietary channels versus external. So, as you think about the incremental investment that we are making year-over-year that will be more weighted towards our internal channels in terms of the marketing and the investment in resources in our proprietary channels, but some of it will be going to external partners as well to make sure that we get the return that we would expect and the growth out of that channel as well. Within the external partner support that we are providing, I would say some of it is going towards making sure that our reimbursement is sort of the sales partner level is on par with peers. I think we have talked before about the fact that we were trailing behind the compensation level that some of our peers are providing. So, some of the dollars are going to address that and get to more of a parity position and also support some increased marketing in order to make sure that we can get the sales volume out of that channel that we would expect in order to achieve our overall improvement in Medicare growth.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Rob, happy to take that. So, as I mentioned in my commentary, in 2021, we did see different utilization patterns across individual MA and group. And as I mentioned, in group MA, we saw significantly more depressed utilization relative to individual. Some of that we attribute to the fact that we did see lower overall COVID hospitalizations in the group MA population, and we attribute that to the fact that they tend to have a higher vaccination rate than the individual. So, we had lower COVID utilization, but similar levels of sort of depression in non-COVID utilization resulting in overall lower utilization in group MA. As we assess that going into 2022, we also had assessed the impact of mortality as a result of COVID and what the resulting impact was to morbidity. And as we have been able to review the trends that we are seeing, as we entered the year, we believe that some of that lower utilization was reflective of lower morbidity. And I think based on the trends we have seen, what we would say is some of what we thought was lower morbidity has turned out to be more reflective of just deferred utilization and pent-up demand that’s working its way through now. We are seeing higher surgical volumes, in particular, in group MA relative to individual. The volumes are about 600 basis points higher year-to-date in the group MA side than individual. That’s one of the reasons we have some reason to believe that this may be, to some degree, reflective of a pent-up demand that may still moderate in the back half of the year, and we will certainly continue to monitor it. But as I have said, it is trending a little bit differently. Some of that was probably just a reflection of sort of what we anticipated and allocated and attributed to morbidity versus pent-up demand. We will continue to watch it. As I have said, as you think about ‘23, if this does persist, we would expect to mitigate some portion of it through higher risk adjustments than we previously contemplated, and we view it as on a net basis, manageable within our 2023, but it is particularly reflective in the non-inpatient side. And like I said, we are seeing, in particular, some higher surgical volumes.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, hey, A.J., just on the segmentation and the recruiting of a new president, a few things from that. First, we are seeing in our work on the $1 billion some really great opportunity to create some simplification and the ability to leverage a number of our different areas within the insurance area. So there is a lot of work now going into really consolidating service centers into one service center, the ability to use our clinical programs not only in the Medicare side, but also in our commercial book of business in a much more integrated way. And then the third area we’re seeing a lot of work being done and being able to utilize a lot of our consumer technology. And so in the work that we’ve done in the simplification through our $1 billion initiative, we just saw some great opportunity to be able to bring it together in a much more efficient way. In addition, what we do see in our work in the local markets of being able to integrate are various different healthcare services that there is a wonderful opportunity we refer to as the flywheel and we will provide you a further update at the Investor Meeting on September 15 about the ability to integrate across the various different services and be able to create a much more holistic approach in being able to move from primary care to home and even into our pharmacy utilization, both mail order and onsite. And so we see the opportunity to leverage that along with the fact that you brought up the payer agnostic. We do see some great opportunity today, both CenterWell primary care and the home are agnostic and continue to see great growth, serving both other payers and other parts of the Medicare system. And at the same time, we’re also seeing opportunity within our primary – within our pharmacy area to offer some agnostic opportunities there. So the ability for it to integrate and also to expand beyond the Medicare side of the business is really at the heart of what you see us more formally creating the CenterWell service side, while on the insurance side, continuing to leverage the efficiencies across the various different insurance platforms.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. That’s a constant work for us, and we are up a little bit this quarter as a result of our efforts. A few things there. We continue to look at our partners that are – wanting to move to value base. And we’ve seen some really great opportunities there, especially over the last year or so as we’ve exited out of COVID, the ability for us to then provide resources for them in the – both the technology area and the human resource area to allow them to make that transition and then provide them a contract that allows them to appropriately manage that risk. Sometimes I want to take just upside risk, sometimes I want to take up and down risk with some kind of color or full risk. So we really want to walk with them as they evolve into their risk tolerance. But what we see the most is really building on the partnerships that we have in growing our membership base in those partnerships. And what we’ve seen in a number of markets where we’ve had once a fairly antagonistic relationship with both hospital systems and physician groups that they have evolved to be very positive. And as they evolve are positive, we see much more membership growth in that relationship, which has been very positive for us. What we also measured there, Josh, is not only what – how many members we have in value based, but also their surplus because we could get them into value based, but if they are not really performing both in the STARS risk adjustment and in addition, the health outcomes it’s really for not. And so a lot of the work we’re doing, not only is about getting more members in there but also making it more effective for our members to be – I mean our value-based relationships to be more effective. We’ve been averaging in the 60s, the mid-60s. We’ve increased a little bit this year, I would suspect that we will continue to see more members, but also as our membership growth grows that percentage doesn’t move as much. And so we are getting more and more members in there. But on a percentage basis, it might not look like we’re moving as much. But we are actually both effectively getting more members in there but as importantly, being much more effective in the way that we’re performing as value-based providers are getting more into the surplus.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, we continue to believe two things are happening and that are structural changes in healthcare. One is around the continued movement to a specialty-oriented mindset to more generalist, whether that’s primary care, but also the ability to leverage nursing and physician assistance, etcetera. So, just who is doing the work, we see that continuing to be pushed down. And then the second thing that we see is where it’s being conducted and how the procedures are being and the interventions are being offered. And we see a continued movement to more convenient settings that are also more cost effective. So, moving – obviously, the outpatient has been a long-term trend. But in addition, moving to the primary care office, but moving to the home, moving to telehealth and in addition to leveraging digital. And so we see that all moving towards a much more proactive and convenient setting, leveraging many other professional clinicians into the healthcare system. And we see that as an opportunity to continue to not only drive down where the cost is but also the health outcomes where we can continue to be much more proactive in the ability to slow down disease progression and really prevent preventable events.
Bruce Broussard: And Scott, just to add to Susan’s comments, I think over time, you are going to continue to see this as being a great opportunity to leverage home health as being much more proactive as opposed to just the fee-for-service side and that more payment begins to be paid on outcomes relative to lower emergency room visits and admissions, etcetera. We are excited about that change. Obviously, there is static in the air as a result of rate changes, but we do think rate changes will accelerate the move to value based.
Bruce Broussard: Well, thank you, and thanks, everyone, for your support and continued confidence in the organization. And obviously, I want to thank our 70,000 teammates that make this a successful company and this quarter be such a successful quarter. And then we do look forward to seeing each of you at our September 15th virtual investor conference that we will go over a lot of more details about our longer-range views along with our continued services businesses. So, again, I thank you and look forward to services businesses. So, again, I thank you and look forward to seeing you on September 15th.
