Jim Murray: This is Jim Murray. In terms of 2015 headwinds that I would think about would be whatever happens with the funding from CMS as respects our premiums, which we use as a part of our bid development process. Offsetting that fairly significantly were some of the things we did around trend vendors. We had a fairly solid year in terms of what we were able to accomplish with trend vendors that we use for our bid process, we feel really good about that. In part that’s why we chose to increase our marketing spend for the coming AEP, because of how we think our bids firmed up. Continued visibility in terms of what’s going to play out with the exchange business, we feel really good about where we are sitting right now in terms of what we had anticipated. A lot of our pricing philosophy seemed to be playing out and the 3Rs are offsetting some of the negatives that occurred relative to changes in the program as it went along. We have talked a little bit, Bruce referenced our pricing and some of what we did for pricing for 2015, we feel good about that. We feel good about the way that the population is expanding. We have an estimate for how much participation we expect in the exchanges in 2015 and that was an integral part of our pricing. And then ultimately, the play out of how the Medicaid business all comes together, we are seeing a lot of build out this year in some of the investment we are doing around all of the state-based programs. We are getting some visibility into medical spend and the administrative infrastructure necessary for those programs and we feel pretty good about how they are all rolling out. So, frankly, when I look at a lot of the things that are on the horizon, I feel pretty confident about our prospects for 2015. We are always very careful and very judicious to identify anything that might surprise us, but again I feel pretty good about how 2015 seems to be shaping up.
Jim Murray: Yes, expecting that we would get a question related to the exchanges, I will just share some random thoughts with you and you can take it from there. I always like to remind everybody that the exchange business in the HumanaOne revenues for Humana, it represents 5% of our overall revenues. We also and Josh you referenced the margins, we are investing this year, but we fully expect that over the next several years that we will produce the same kinds of margin that you have heard from some of our competition. I think folks have talked about ranges of 3% to 5% and we feel comfortable that over the next several years that we can achieve that kind of margin level. And the important piece for us related to that was what happened this past year in terms of us gaining scale. Our membership doubled, but our revenues tripled as a result of the exchange business and that went a long way towards us getting the same kind of scale that some of those others have talked about in terms of gaining those margins that I referenced a moment ago. Also for us and why we are in this business, we think that over time there is going to be a shift to a retail form of business and obviously this sets us up nicely for this. And it’s a nice synergy between the Medicare business and the Medicaid business in terms of an aging opportunity for the Medicare business. And for Medicaid, you have heard and some of you have talked about the fact that some of the folks who are part of this program are going to go in and out of Medicaid and into some these kinds of offerings. And so we think it sets us up nice for our retail business as a whole. Some of the things that we have learned as a result of this past year, obviously the scale is something that we are very pleased about. Our philosophy about low price has developed with a very efficient network and an HMO form of product seems to have played out into the marketplace and helped us to gain some of the membership that we have seen in the three Rs, the financial projection – protection that they were designed to provide played out nicely for us as a lot of the changes took place and some of the changes to the reinsurance element of the three Rs offset some of the negatives as respect to adverse selection. We have already talked a little bit about the premium increases. We have meaningful premium increases out there that we think position us well for the future and move us towards those margins that we talked about. We fully expect that the pool will continue to increase. Our pricing assumes that there will be about 11 million participants next year. We have also included in our pricing the fact and Brian spoke to this, that two of the three Rs are going to wind down, we don’t expect that they are going to exist forever and our pricing for ‘15 and ‘16 we will assume that they will ultimately be gone and will be left to a risk adjustment which frankly as a company we are pretty good at because of what in the Medicare business. We looked at some of the pricing that some of the competition has done over the last several weeks and months, it looks like the national and regional competitors in this space are being pretty price intelligent. There is a couple of co-ops in some smaller players in specific markets or specific states that seem to be doing some pretty interesting stuff. But generally we feel pretty good about the way the competitive marketplace is setting up, so we feel pretty good about this business. That was a long explanation, I apologize.
Jim Murray: I don’t know that we can expect more membership. I don’t expect that we are going to shrink significantly. I think the level of scale that we achieved this past year was solid. We will see how things play out. I don’t anticipate we are going to grow significantly, nor shrink significantly.
Jim Murray: Sure. This is Jim. We have had Medicaid business in certain Florida regions for a long time, which are under risk based contracts. There are some new regions that we have in areas outside of South Florida that have just gotten up and running because of one of our competitor’s recent announcements, we have been looking very closely at a lot of the medical spend and we don’t see anything unusual. There is some hepatitis C spend in the Medicaid business, but recently Florida gave us what I will refer to as a kick payment, and the actuaries feel very comfortable with the amount of that payment relative to the Hep C costs that we are incurring as an organization. The Long-Term Support Services business is getting up and running and seeming to do very well. So we don’t see any concerns relative to the Medicaid Florida business that we just recently started.
Jim Murray: Sure. I have already spoken to Florida. Illinois has also agreed to fund our Hep C exposures and we are working with Virginia as respect to those. Some of portion of that in Virginia, it comes from the duals program and there is that funding related to Hep C cost is borne by CMS through a very complicated formula, but there is some exposure to us and we are working with the state of Virginia to walk them through what that is. Other than that, we feel very good about where we are at with all the state contracts.
Jim Murray: Okay. This is Jim. I will talk about the first question. The first question, was around, I think you are correct, Kevin and that the new members do come in at a higher loss ratio, but we expect that. So they are coming in, they are tracking with kind of what we expected. The existing business is doing well and has been really overachieving, as we talked about investing in the clinical in the last quarter and that continues to track well. I am sorry, I went brain dead for a minute. The growth in the membership that we talked about in the first quarter looks really similar to what we have seen over the last several years. New members generally come in about 500 basis points higher in terms of their overall medical expense ratio. And that’s playing itself out, even the Florida membership that some of you have talked about, is playing itself out in that manner. And over time what we see is that because of some of the things we do around the clinical programs as well as documentation relative to some of those newer members, over time they regress to the overall average and that seems on good track. As respects to the marketing spend, I would tell you that over the last several years as we see how we do in the bids in terms of keeping our benefits stable and our premiums stable, and then in October when we see how we look relative to our competition, we have taken the opportunity to expand our spend prudently, because we think that there is a good opportunity for us to grow. And frankly after we got done with our bids this past year and we looked at what played itself out with some of the things we were able to do from a trend vendor perspective, we had a big discussion around the table. And we concluded that the wise thing to do would be to put away an extra amount of money for this year, because we see that there is a good opportunity for us to grow again next year. And I know that might make some of you crazy, but I think it’s the right thing to ultimately do. We want to grow each and every year with Medicare. There is a tremendous opportunity with the aging population and so that’s what we want to try to accomplish.
Jim Murray: Yes, if there were a major message that I were a single that I would take from this is that we feel pretty good about our ability to grow next year, and it’s frankly a good sign.
Jim Murray: Yes. Obviously, the transitional costs that Brian spoke to earlier was disappointing, because he had taken a shot of what we thought the impact was going to be and it turned out to be higher. The good thing about that, as many of you know, is that the small group block renews ratably over the course of the year. And so as we are seeing that issue play itself out, we are able to do some things with our pricing. There will probably be a little bit of a nick relative to what we thought six months ago in terms of what the small group line of business could produce in terms of profitability, because this was a little bit of a higher number than we anticipated. But we think that we can recover nicely from that. As respects the competitive environment that exists in the small group space, we are growing very nicely in small group in spite of the fact that we are seeing – this was a kind of a neat dynamic that we are learning that about 5,000 of our small group members are transitioning into our HumanaOne offerings each and every quarter. And so in spite of the fact that some of the small group employers are beginning to shift some of their thinking around providing coverages and moving their employees to the exchange population, small group continues to grow nicely. And so the competitive landscape in small group looks okay to us right now. That could change, but I feel pretty good about that as we speak today.
Jim Murray: Again, this is Jim. Everybody will have to pass-through reinsurance costs. We are not any different than anybody else as respects reinsurance. We have a $45,000 attachment point. Everybody will have to have reinsurance as part of their pricing and some of what they experience, so each and every one of our competitors will have to put the wind down of reinsurance into their pricing. So that’s not anything different than any of our competition. As respects to the Platinum products, we have looked at what is developing with the Platinum products. In prior earnings calls I have talked about one of the large national actuarial firms talking about some of the risk adjustment mechanics that favor some of the folks who are chronically ill, and our Platinum product philosophy and strategy seems to be playing itself out just as we had anticipated in terms of the risk adjustment mechanism, as well as the reinsurance that supports the program. And so yes, we will continue to offer the Platinum programs. Part of the reason that we offer the Platinum I said earlier is, this aging channel for us in the Medicare space and it sets up nicely for us for the folks who are aging into the Medicare as well as we feel pretty good about our clinical chassis or capabilities as an organization and we are levering those for those folks who are chronically ill. And we think that there is a nice pricing dynamic that favors us as we focused on that Platinum product offering. And we think it’s playing itself out very nicely.
Jim Murray: And that was the part of our pricing philosophy. Each and every one of our metal tiers had different philosophies relative to the amount of the reinsurance that is going to wind itself down. It wasn’t averaged over the four tiers, it was ratable based upon the Platinum and we have put pricing on the Street relative to our Platinum offerings and we feel pretty good about how it positions us.
Jim Murray: Sure. Part of our strategy as an organization that we aligned around last year was that over time in our group business, we ultimately want to focus on smaller case sizes from anywhere from 10 to 1000 in terms of the individual businesses that we insure. And so over time, you will see us continue to lose some of our self-funded business. I think we currently have I am going to guesstimate somewhere around 1 million or so self-funded larger companies that we provide services to. We are going to continue to price that business to make a profit. When we do that we are going to lose some of the business just like the one that you just referenced in the State of Kentucky. That book of business for us as many of you have known who have talked with us over the years on a fully loaded basis loses money. So, we are going to wind that down over time and shift our focus to fully insured case sizes, again, that are in the 10 to 1000 space. Where we think we can make a little bit more money and that seems to be playing itself out nicely in terms of some of the fully insured growth that we are seeing as an organization in those case sizes. We are losing some large fully insured cases, which also lose money, but you will see that happen over time and we will reposition the group block towards those – what we have referred to as our sweet spot.
Jim Murray: We have looked at how much membership we think will term over the course of the next year. I think we have been kind of conservative in terms of our term estimates, because this is a block of business that we are not as familiar with. But it seems like each month that through the first five months that we grew membership, about 75% to 80% of those folks paid their premiums and they continue to pay their premiums. And so we are learning more about the block over time, but as it respects to immigration status, I am not as familiar with things like that.
Jim Murray: Concentra’s Workers’ Comp business right now is doing very well relative to some of the targets that they have established for themselves. They are doing some nice things in terms of rate increases. The volumes that we are seeing on a regular basis are up slightly from where they were last year. But again, Concentra is a very small component of our overall book of business as an organization and as many of you have heard us talk over the last several months and quarters, some of what we are trying to do with that Concentra asset is to shift its focus more towards primary care as opposed to workers compensation and occupational medicine. And we are in the process of doing that, but the base business is performing well, but again, it’s a small component of our overall results as a company.
Jim Murray: The only thing that I would add to what Ana has talked about was that we also in the first quarter shared with the folks that we were going to invest $0.40 to $0.50 to invest in our clinical programs to set us up nicely for 2015. And then we grew pretty significantly probably 150,000 more MA members that we had anticipated and they come in at a higher MER, which although we are very pleased with the way they are developing. It does add a little bit of pressure to get it, but I guess it’s a good – it’s a high-class problem to have.
Jim Murray: No, it wasn’t. There was some changes with respect to how we paced some – so market will change around some low volume hospitals and we reprocessed some old claims for that. There was another issue that caused us to reprocess small claims, not big dollars, $7 million or $8 million here and there. On the – over in the group side, we did process some higher – some transplant claims that went back to the fourth quarter that were a little higher than normal, but nothing major just that they all were all added up to a little bit and it shows itself in our lower PPD in 2Q, but that wouldn’t – wouldn’t expect it to continue going forward or be anything systemic.
Steve McCulley: Hey, Josh. This is Steve. I will take maybe the 3R question and then maybe Jim can talk about the second part of that question. On the 3Rs as you know we have shared just some slides today about our full year outlook there, which is I think more disclosure than others. And if you think about the reinsurance component of that, which is the biggest, again that’s a determinable of the number that we can get from our claims experience, that’s over the threshold and below 250. And I can’t speak to how other companies are viewing that or how they are accruing it, but in general those levels at the end of the day for reinsurance ought to be relatively comparable. I guess if we have a – if we were more hit by the transactional relief rules, so our health mix is worse than others on average than that reinsurance per member could be higher, but everybody is going to have a fair amount of reinsurance. It’s going to be the driver of everyone’s 3Rs including ours. I would note that we are just accruing the 80% portion of that reinsurance, where there is some talk of that potentially being funded further, but we haven’t considered that. So, that’s kind of – other than that we talked last quarter about the – we look at how we are positioned in each state in terms of the amount of members that we brought in that were not previously underwritten and we can look at that data versus the state as a whole and make some estimates around risk adjustment. That’s not a – again, that’s not a primary driver of the receivable, but we would expect to have some risk adjustment receivable. And again to the extent that, that estimate is off a little bit, it would be offset 80% in the risk corridor. So, those numbers tend to play together. So, that’s kind of how we view the 3Rs and I don’t know if you can talk about the second part.
Steve McCulley: Hi. This is Steve. Justin I will take the first part of that question which was the investments we are making. As you remember last quarter we did the total investments that we are making in the exchanges and the duals on a state based contracts was we started out the year at I think it was $0.50 to $0.90 a midpoint of $0.70 and that improved last quarter because of the exchange growth helped us get more scale as Jim just mentioned. And we improved our outlook for the exchanges for this year and nothing has changed on the exchanges for this year from 90 days ago. Things have played out like we thought, so that’s still the same. What did change though this time is the investment in the duals and the state based contracts went up by $20 million as Brian mentioned in his remarks due to the delays in the contracts there, and the opt-out percentages. So net-net the total investment this year is about the same. So again, as we go to next year, we expect to do better in the exchanges and certainly the duals as well. So we haven’t obviously guided the 2015 numbers yet, but that’s kind of how we see it.
Steve McCulley: Hey, David. This is Steve. I don’t think there is a – we have seen any significant change in length of stay as we – as I think, Brian mentioned, we continue to see lower admissions, which is what we expected to see with our chronic care programs. The first quarter lower – the first quarter was very favorable and the second quarter was maybe not quite as favorable relative to the first, but it continues to be very favorable. And let me see your question, on the outpatient side, not a significant change, there is maybe some of that but not enough to – not something we would call unexpected.
Steve McCulley: Hey, this is Steve. Let me see if I have those questions. The Part D seasonality is the same pattern that we have seen in the past. So, that’s in our forecast as we model that out as people get into the coverage gap, then you see that play out and that’s the normal seasonality we see. We do have more members into the reinsurance phase because of the Hep C and we have talked about that. And then on the exchange members, I think it’s somewhat the inverse in that the deductibles that hit in the first quarter tend to make the early results better and then it kind of plays itself out through the year as people have met their deductibles. But again, the pattern changes aren’t anything different than the normal patterns that we have experienced in the past. So, as we trend out, I mean, that’s all considered in the guidance that we give.
Steve McCulley: Well, I think that – let me think about that, there maybe some effect to that, but I don’t think, so far those people haven’t hit those, those people who accumulate those balances as they go through the year. So, there is some modest impact from that, but I don’t think it’s – it makes a drastic change in the overall MLR for the segment. As Jim mentioned, there is – it’s only 5% of our revenue. So, there is some impact to that, but I don’t have those numbers at my fingertips, but….
Steve McCulley: Yes, I think we have said that through the first half of the year we have recorded $200 million and up $153 million of reinsurance and $87 million between the corridor and risk adjustment, but we also have a payable on our books for the contribution we have to pay into the reinsurance pool of $60 million in our trade accounts payable, but so that number is going to grow mainly as the reinsurance number that grows as we go from now to the end of the year and that number ends up being the $575 million to $775 million. So, when you say P&L, yes, I mean I think that is a stabilization program, so it does go through P&L, the offset of that entry. So, I am not sure if that answers your question.
Steve McCulley: Well, I think it would be the difference between whatever we have accrued year-to-date and the total that we have added to $575 million to $775 million. So, if we look to...
Steve McCulley: In the first half of the year, right. So, it would be some amount larger than that in the back half of the year. That gets you to between $575 million and $775 million. Yes, the receivable amount represents the P&L pickup that we get as a result of that program.
Steve McCulley: Hey, Christine, this is Steve. I think we feel like we have a good handle on what we have. Obviously, we have only – we are acknowledging members that have paid their premiums and we have collected their premiums. So, I am not aware of any significant gap that we have.
Steve McCulley: Good points. So, Ana, I think you are right. The Hep C is putting pressure on the benefit ratio like we said before as well as lower PPD. And what Jim just mentioned the investment in clinical also that we talked to last quarter was also in there.
Steve McCulley: I think I will try that first and then Jim you can weigh in. This is Steve. Again, what we look at is the amount of our new business as a percentage in a state, because the risk adjustment is done by state. So, the percentage of ours that is – that hasn’t been previously underwritten versus other plans will as they look at their block at their larger and they have been in the marketplace for a long time that they will have a higher percentage of their existing block that had been previously underwritten. What we said for the full year of the $775 million, that 75% of that was reinsurance. So 25% of that number was the risk adjustment and the risk corridor combined. So and again, whatever we – if we were to estimate today that the risk adjustment was going to be $100 million and it turned out to be something different, it would really just interplay with the risk corridor 80% of that. So there is kind of a governor on how far off we could be around that because the risk corridor at the end of the day that kind of sweeps everything in. So I don’t think we are concerned. We have made – we believe we have made some reasonable estimates around the risk adjustment for the full year, but we don’t think we have a lot of exposure for being wrong on that because of the way – the risk corridor is just a calculation, it’s a math calculation, it doesn’t really involve an estimate.
Steve McCulley: Yes. So as we talked earlier in the year we have an investment in the exchanges this year and that’s what’s causing that to happen, and the 3Rs mitigate a fair amount of that. And as we price through ‘15 and ‘16, we expect to overcome that. And relative to the comment that you made about how we will be a net receiver of risk adjustment versus a net payer, again we talked last time about sophisticated models. We have looked at them at the blues plans in the markets that we participate in and their share relative to our share. And we feel pretty comfortable that because they had a significant amount of underwritten business that some element of that underwritten business in those spaces where they had heavy share went into the exchange population and would offset what we have in terms of our smaller share in those light states. And so we continue to feel pretty comfortable with the methodology that we have used to calculate the risk adjustment calculations. And then to somebody’s earlier point, the Platinum offerings that we have offered create some of that risk adjustment receivables that Steve referenced.
Bruce Broussard: Justin just to add a few things to that, I mean we have made in statements that we do, I want to see the exchanges breakeven during 2015, and that is a target we have set internally. It might not in the whole year, but during the year we are very focused on breaking even. And both managing our costs as Jim articulated, adjusting for the pricing and with the anticipation of the 2Rs going away along with we anticipate the pool will continue to improve as the grandfathering clause works its way out. Your second question was on duals, we have our contracts are usually three to five years. We anticipate the first year we need to make an investment. And I think over the three-year period of time we have priced it at the appropriate return on invested capital. But it will take some time for us to get scale as you will see improvement in 2015 and then ‘16 I think you will continue to see improvement in there. We haven’t made the same comment on exchanges as we had in duals, if it’s going to be one, is it going to be profitable, but we anticipate there will be improvement in that business. On the Medicare Advantage side, we would try to be conservative and look at our membership growth. And we do think Medicare Advantage as an industry will continue to grow demographically with some penetration in the Medicare Advantage percentage as total of Medicare. And so we see that growing greater than 3%, but we haven’t put estimates out there. I hope that helps when you are trying to get a trajectory of how we see the earnings over the coming few years.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. I think the investors should look at the Healthcare Services side as a correlation to how the growth is growing in the membership side, because what’s happening is, as you are seeing strong growth in our home health business as a result of our Chronic Care program, you are seeing strong growth in our behavioral business because of both the duals growth and the business – and the Medicare side of the business. So there is some pricing up and down, obviously within the pharmacy business, that’s got a little bit of a pricing up and down based on generics and specialty and so on. But in general there should be a proportional growth to Healthcare Services as our membership grows.
Bruce Broussard: Well, I mean we haven’t given any estimates on that. I think our – we continue to look at our value proposition and our value proposition with stable benefits and in the marketplace seems to continue to resonate well with the consumers. And so we are assuming we will continue to grow in the markets that we have strong density. And we are not adding much in geographic presence. I think what we are talking about is adding more HMO product, which allows us to provide a better product at the end of the day as a result of better quality, better relationships with our provider and in addition a better care model that helps us not only improve people’s health, but at the same time manage the cost. So, we are bullish on Medicare Advantage, because of the out – I think because of what we see in the impact on the healthcare – on the healthcare costs and our value proposition, but we are not going to give you a very specific estimate of what we think our growth is over the coming years.
Bruce Broussard: I think net-net we look at the auto enrollment as a positive, both in the auto enrollment and to exchanges and continuing that, but in addition, the auto enrollment also offers the enrollment into Medicare Advantage if we choose to that, so it really feeds both sides for us.
Bruce Broussard: I think the important point on the Platinum side is one of the capabilities of the organization is really to treat chronic members. You have seen this in the Medicare Advantage area. Now, you are seeing us take that same strategy over to the exchanges. The Platinum product does attract more chronic oriented members there, but what we are seeing both in the pricing and the analysis of the reinsurance is that the risk adjustment that is applied to those chronic members is actually helping in being able to make a solid offering, both because of the risk adjustment, but also because of our clinical capabilities in what – how we treat chronic members.
Bruce Broussard: Well, we appreciate everyone’ support and I thought it would be helpful maybe just to summarize a few aspects about where Humana is. I first have to say that the Medicare membership growth as you look at it this year was a concern of the investors starting in late fall of last year. And I think the organization has proven that its clinical capabilities can not only overcome the rate reductions that have happened as a result of Medicare, the cuts, but in addition has been able to handle the Medicare – significant Medicare growth. I know that was a question and a concern for the investors and hopefully you take that away this second quarter. Secondarily the duals are on target. From a utilization point of view, we are a little far behind, not because of our execution but because of the state delays. But we continue to be a big believer in that business as each one of you know, it’s a $300 billion business and it’s going to be a large growth sector for the organization and our participation in that leverages our chronic capabilities and our ability to take care of members that are in need of health treatment. Our exchange growth was strong this year as evident by our growth and from our base business we have set a goal to breakeven in 2015, during 2015 and we also are very conscious of working through the phase out of the 2Rs and our strategy reflects both to have a profitable business that is at market rate margins and at the same time to be able to not be dependent on the 2Rs as they phase out. In addition, the investors have constantly questioned us about our capital structure and the efficiency of our capital this quarter, we have outlined that we are taking that under advisement and we are reviewing both the PBM and the efficiency of the PBM as it is structured today as an in-house PBM and can we find other ways to make that more efficient. And then in addition, as Brian articulate, we are also focusing on the capital structure and how we can adjust that. We have a very positive outlook and as we look at the feature for the organization and Medicare specifically as the rate reductions from ACA are phasing out. And we think that there will be more clarity over time in the Medicare rates going forward. In result, we are investing this year in 2014 and that is being reflected in our forecast for the remaining year why we are not over performing but meeting expectations as we think that our membership growth, the clarity of 2014 is a good base to build from and it allows us to also invest in clinical marketing programs to set us out for 2015. So in closing, we thank everyone for their support. We appreciate you guys on a quarterly basis of being an investor in the organization. And we look for your support in the coming quarters and like always you always we couldn’t do this without thanking our 54,000 associates that are dedicated to both our success but our members’ success. So thank you. And everyone have a good day.
