James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. On the margin targets, as Bruce described in his remarks, I think we were pretty consistent with what we've always done over the last number of years relative to our Medicare Advantage individual targets. And because of the significant investments that we're making as an organization, that we go out of our way to talk to you about it. I think we feel pretty good about how those are all playing themselves out in terms of the assumptions that we used to develop those bids. So we're cautiously optimistic about that. And as respects with the American Eldercare, I don't think that we're saying anything about accretion there. I think it's an incredibly important acquisition for us, and we'll see how that plays out. And we'll talk about that more probably next year.
James E. Murray: Well, one of the things we have to deal with, as you'll recall, is the premium taxes. And so we had to modulate what we targeted in terms of our margins. So I would have said actually, that we probably had a higher target -- a higher pretax margin relative to what we've done in the past to make up for that premium tax issue. And so, again, I feel very good about the bids that we put out there. They're going to competitively allow us to, as we said in this morning's release, grow our Medicare Advantage individual business next year. And I feel very good about how it's playing out, as you see with some of the reporting that we did with respect to our trends this year.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. I don't have the specifics on exactly where they were located. But I would tell you that it would be my opinion that those were probably in areas that weren't very highly concentrated and in parts of the United States that probably we don't have what we would call bold-moves focuses for us as an organization. And in a lot of those, as is indicated in Bruce's remarks, and I think the press release, we have other options for people to choose, which we think are fairly close to those that we had to eliminate. So that the ultimate impact was, I think, 5,700 people throughout the United States. And so we feel really good about that.
James E. Murray: I don't have it in my fingertips in terms of our 0-premium plans. But one of our philosophies is, and continues to be, to maintain as many 0-premium plans as is humanly possible. And obviously, as Bruce described when he went through his remarks, a lot of people get together every year as we're doing our bids and try to figure out, on a market-by-market basis, the dynamics, the investments that we're making, the trends, the -- all those things that we talked about so much in the past coming together. And we feel pretty good about our ability this past year to maintain that philosophy around the 0-premium plans. And you'll all see that in October.
James E. Murray: This is Jim again. The -- by far and away, the most would be in the PPO space, which is, as we've talked in the past, our desire over the long haul is to get as many members and providers participating with us in HMO plans because they offer the best opportunity for us to provide economic value to the people that we serve. So that's what's happened in these markets that we haven't been as successful moving into the HMO kind of environment. So I would say most all of them were PPO.
James E. Murray: I think -- just to clarify something, when we talk about investing in our clinical programs, right now, it's a lot around our chronic care program. And our chronic care program has really shown some wonderful results, as evidenced by some of our over-performance this year. And as we look at that program, that is -- it has a lot of applicability to the PPO product. And that PPO product, adding that service is actually a very nice add to that. So it's not asking our members to do something that it is a choice. Meaning, that they're giving something up. It's actually a great add, and we have gotten just wonderful reviews back from our members on the effectiveness of that program, both from a lifestyle point of view and then, obviously, from a health point of view. So from our vantage point, it is actually a great service for our members, but it is primarily offered in the PPO product.
James E. Murray: Yes. And the other thing that I would have added to Bruce's remarks is you -- and I think you see it in our stats. One of the things we do is not only try to get a model or a chassis built that features the HMO offerings, but we also try to sell people an HMO offering that may not have the full risk elements of it that we've talked about in the past. And so, that's a dual focus for us to try to get people to align around our HMO philosophies, and we've been pretty successful. I think we have about 50% of our folks in the Medicare Advantage individual business in HMO kinds of offerings, which is a good first step. And one of the reasons that I would opine on that that's happening is because people are used to those kinds of things, because they've grown up with their employer having HMOs and PPOs. And so, we don't see that that's a very difficult sell, and we've been fairly successful with that.
James E. Murray: And what I would add to what Jim just said is he talked about when we see everybody competitively in October, that will give us a sense for growth. But what, frankly, we're all looking at to make sure it continues and we're seeing that develop in the second quarter, as we've talked, is the beneficial effect of all of these investments that we're making as a company. To see how those are all coming together, we're making additional investments that we're feeling good about, but there's a lot of blocking and tackling that has to go on between now and then, and we want to feel better about those. So we can put all of this on a sheet of paper, and it can produce a number. But it's the day-to-day activity that creates the result that you're all looking for us to talk about, which we'll be more than happy to talk about next time we're together.
James E. Murray: That's what all these investments that we continually talk about are all about. It's to enable us to do that.
James E. Murray: On the PDP side, we were under the benchmark in all states or all regions, except for 1 small region, where I think there's some de minimis things that will protect us. So we feel pretty good about that. A little bit of a surprise with how much the benchmark changed favorably to the government, which I guess is what this is all about. It's a market-based situation. But as we step back and look at our strategies and philosophies, I think we feel really good about having a competitive product on the street that we feel really good about going forward. So somewhat of a surprise. But generally, we feel good about what we've bid and where we think it will have us on October 1 or whenever we get pictures of all our competition.
James E. Murray: Yes. We have a target in mind for the full year that was a part of our bid process, and I think our MarketPOINT folks feel pretty good about it. And I wouldn't see that the pattern would change significantly from what we've experienced in the past.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. We have teams of actuaries that are a part of our trend committee process, and they regularly evaluate our spend on all of the investments that you referred to. And I'm comfortable that we've done a pretty good job of getting to the ROIs that we had anticipated when we made the dollar spend. Now obviously, some of that was part of why we saw the trend improvements. But I will tell you that trend always continues. And so, you just can't add $300 million of profit because it's offset to some extent by trend. And so, we're very pleased with how all of these programs are playing out and are very, very disciplined and diligent about making sure that, when we spend the dollars for all these programs, that it pays itself off. We watch it very, very closely.
James E. Murray: The -- I'm not sure that I would call us offensive or defensive. I think we feel really good about the networks that we've built in all of the places that we're going to offer products for this category of individuals. I would tell you that the way we talk about it is getting our fair share of that opportunity. And when you think about what we're building -- and we keep talking about investments and I apologize for that. We're creating a chassis on which we can use to care for all of the folks that we ultimately have a relationship with. And we see the HumanaOne folks that are going to come into our rolls as a result of this exchange opportunity. And a perfect example, they're all HMO-based. Some of them may, as you've seen some press about, some of them may have conditions that we need to focus on. But lo and behold, we're building a very solid chronic care capability. So all we plan on doing is using what we've been building for the Medicare business and apply it to HumanaOne. So that's why we feel pretty good about the 14 states that we've talked about entering, and I think we have -- we believe we have the clinical infrastructure, on which to address any of the concerns that some of you may have.
James E. Murray: Yes. I think what you're implying, and we do talk about this, is this is an opportunity for us to provide coverage to people for their lifetime. And so, this is a nice opportunity to create a relationship with somebody who is under age 65 and have them age into our Medicare programs. So if that's what you're implying, I would say, yes, that's a part of what we're thinking.
James E. Murray: On your small group question first. We're seeing some pretty nice growth in our small group business. In fact, there's a movement by a lot of companies to renew early, and we're seeing the beneficial effect of that. So that's actually been one of the areas of nice growth for us. So we haven't seen that occurring, perhaps, as one of our competitors that you referenced that. On the individual, frankly, I've been a little bit surprised. We actually thought that, on the individual business, that people would be holding in place until the exchanges came into view. And actually, what we've been seeing is that there's a pretty fulsome marketplace for that, and you're seeing the beneficial effect. We had actually thought, as our guidance previously suggested, we were going to go down and we're actually seeing some nice growth. And so, we tried to figure out what that might be all about. And I guess, the best thing that I've heard is that people are beginning to understand that they need to buy coverage. And so, they're making that choice now. But that's only somebody's guess as to what's occurring. So I don't have as much insight on that as I'd love to have for you.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think it's really important because the team worked really hard to try to ensure that we offered a plan to as many of our members as possible. And I think this is -- it's better than what we thought it was going to be at the beginning of the year. But I will tell you, there's a lot of work that's been done to make that happen.
Bruce D. Broussard: The latter question, we're not going to disclose that. I mean, we're -- it's a pretty fluid environment we're in right now. And I think just managing for what comes to us is the approach we're going to have. In regards to the contingency plan, we went into the bidding process and really were thoughtful around, actuarially, how we would approach this. And I think, as you look at the bids in each of the states and/or pricing, we're pretty much in the middle of the line here, not too aggressive and not at the lowest end there. In regards to the plan in my comments, it really comes down to systems around the, really, the implementation of the exchanges. And I just would say that we have a very good system back-up in a lot of different ways if something doesn't work. So it doesn't relate to the risk management side or relate, from a financial point of view, it really relates to the operational management.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, first thing is considering the population there, it was the right thing to do, I think, for us to go into that marketplace and to offer the insurance on the exchange side. In regards to how we approach it, it is a market that, since there will be only us in that marketplace, it does offer the ability to have a fairly reasonable rate there. So we look at that as an opportunity for us to protect ourselves. And then, in addition, we do have members today in that marketplace, both from a TRICARE point of view, we have a pretty significant membership base there, and then in addition, we have a Medicare membership base there. So we are going to an environment that we already are operating in. And so we feel comfortable with that. And then, at the end, we always said the 3 Rs will help us out in that particular aspect.
Bruce D. Broussard: And related to that, you're asking specifically around the dual-eligible population. And the margins are less, but the actual dollar per case is much greater as a result of the conditions that, that population brings to needing services. And so, what we look at it is the absolute dollars that comes to the bottom line are much greater. And so, we look at that as a good returning business. The exchanges are a little different. They're smaller dollars, but there's less capital to be put up as a result of the less premium there. So the -- so we -- but those are great examples where the margin is impacted. But both for strategic reasons and for long-term returns, it's a good business to enter into.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, we always -- I mean, we always want to stay in the market. So that's -- I mean, our #1 goal here is providing its profitable and meets the targets we have. I think as we continue to see rate pressure coming down, then we'll have to evaluate markets we're in. This year, for all the reasons that Jim has said on many different aspects of the 7 different things we can do, we really focused on how do we create stability in the marketplace, maintain our margin and, at the same time, continue to be successful in the clinical area. And those 3 things have really allowed us, I think, to be -- to find a very good, for lack of a better description, compromise for our members for the rates that are being given to us and, in addition, for our financial performance. And all the hard work comes down to managing through that. And so, as we see coming years, we're just going to have to go through that process. We’re going to have to go through the processes. How effective can we be in our clinical programs like we have been historically. What markets we have concentration in and great relationships with providers and whether they're risk providers or path-to-risk relationships and what is our concentration of members in the marketplace from just size and scale. And those are the things that go into it. And the more the -- the bigger the rate cuts [ph] are, then the more we're going to lean towards markets that have better relationships with providers and more scale. And that's -- I don't know how best to answer the question more than that.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes. But we would stay in the market, providing that we saw growth coming in that marketplace. In other words -- so I think if the market doesn't look like it's going to grow and be successful and we can't get the infrastructure in there to support that marketplace, then we would probably exit sooner than later. But for the -- so if you're asking do we just sort of go down and say, "Where are we profitable?" And if we weren't profitable, then we exit it no matter what the future was? Or if it was profitable and the future was sort of not a growth market, would we exit? And I think all of those things went into it. I do believe that our team went into this with the ability to say, "Let's really look at markets that we have growth opportunities in both from a population growth, where we can be -- build successful clinical programs with physicians." And we can get those programs to the market as a result of our scale. So I would -- again, I come back to it. There's a lot of different variables going in there. But it does take a futuristic view of the success of that marketplace.
Bruce D. Broussard: Our anticipation when we talk about Medicare growth is that we would add membership beginning January 1 through the annual process. And then, in addition, we'll grow through the year with agents. I don't see us saying that we're going to have a dip or...
Bruce D. Broussard: I just want to add. You mentioned that because we're a consumer company, which obviously MarketPOINT IS going to be used in the -- in our exchange product. And so, we're leveraging that. But as Jim said, I think one of the capabilities that the organization really looks at in deploying into the exchanges is the clinical programs. And to us, that's where we are -- probably our sweet spot is. It's been demonstrated over the years in the Medicare program. And as we look going into this, that's probably where we'll see us being able to have the most impact on people's health.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, let me try to say this on 2 different ways. First, as we've articulated, we -- pre-65, we really are relying on CareSource to be part of that bid process. So they really are the entity that is bidding and, for the most part, taking the risk on that. And so, when you talk about the Medicaid contracts, historically, Kentucky being probably the poster child of that over the number of years. That would really come from the CareSource side. In regards to the long-term care aspect, the -- there's a few things there. First, there is a collar [ph] in Florida for the first year or 2 to get some experience behind us. And so, as we look at going into it over the next 12 to 24 months, there will be a lot of learnings from that. Although that what we have seen is that in the states that have done this, Tennessee being one, Arizona being another and there's a few regions in Florida that have done this, there has been a very strong success in being able to manage the expenses on the Medicaid side, specifically on the nursing home side. And it has both been good for the state and has been good for the participating organization that has done that. Because it's similar to other parts of Medicare Advantage, as a great example. Your benchmark is your existing cost structure, which that existing cost structure really doesn't have any efficiency. And so, what we see is, is when you're compared to that, you have a lot of opportunity.
Bruce D. Broussard: No, it really added -- it added some capabilities too, to what we have. Some of the activities that they are doing, we actually were outsourcing at the time. And so, when we won the 3 contracts, we were outsourcing some of those capabilities. So it was very much of a strategic acquisition for us. As it was, it brought a great number of Medicaid lives to us in the elderly population, which Florida is a big market for us. So it both was a good business, but also a good strategic acquisition for us. And we think it is -- it really is a wonderful deal for us in multiple different ways and, frankly, for the state as a whole. I think our -- taking our capabilities and bringing that together with our market share in the market in Florida and, in addition, our chronic capabilities, I think everyone wins on this. Well, I think that's it. We really appreciate, as always, everyone's support. And this could not have been a successful quarter without our 50,000-or-so associates working hard every day. So I thank them for all the work that they've done over the last quarter in making this a successful quarter. So thank you. And again, we appreciate your support.
James H. Bloem: Yes. Kevin, it's Jim Bloem. Again, as Bruce referenced, we've been using this tool for a long time and have had great results with it in terms of consistency and the use of capital. But now, if you look at the last slide in Bruce's presentation, you can see those 17 businesses that are in the outer ring there, they're all different businesses and they all got different economic. They all require different capital. They all generate different returns. So the return on capital model, what that does is, it helps the company focus on, really, if you will, asset allocations and how we're going to make decisions and move capital around between those different opportunities that we have. And that's why we're bringing it up and we're making it -- giving it wider application throughout the management team. We're always, again, very dedicated to using it. But when you have a lot of different businesses whereas before, you go back 3, 4, 5 years ago, we were really in sort of a monolithic business that had capital requirements and returns.
James H. Bloem: And that's why we do it on a corporate wide basis, so that we can look at how does the -- how do all these things individually contribute to the whole.
James H. Bloem: So, Justin, I think, basically, we would look for the same kind of consistency that we've had in the past. We're always working every day to figure out how we can make the company more valuable by -- through acquisitions, by investments in capital programs, investments, et cetera. To the extent we have that and then we also foresee, as you -- as your question points out, that there are some headwinds in terms of the premium tax and the returns that we're going to be able to generate in the initial part. So if we're looking at that -- as we look for growth, then we look at the capital that we need after that. So if you look at -- we talked a lot today about what we're going to do in the Medicaid and dual-eligible programs. So that will require -- that will generate a lot of revenue. And that revenue will again require, from the states, a capital requirement that we'll have to satisfy. So our under-levered balance sheet, while it's more levered than it was last year, I want to make sure that everybody understands also that the rating agencies -- the credit rating agencies give us the flexibility to go up in the 25% to 30% range without jeopardizing our credit rating, which, again, S&P raised in the past quarters or in the past few days as well. So we want to make the company more valuable. We want to protect all of our optionality that we've developed with the balance sheet and continue to move forward. Now when we look at what we've done, I think that's -- while it's not guidance for the future, it's quite consistent in terms of how we split or balance between that growth and then the capital that we return through cash dividends and repurchase. And again, for the first half of this year, about $300 million. Those -- the total for those things for the last 2 years, $600 million for the full year. The 8 quarters that are left on the $871 million that's left in share repurchase, again, would indicate a rate per quarter, if you're going to do it that way, that would be very similar to what we've done for the last 2.5 years. So again, it's all a matter of continuing to look -- as we progress to look at all of our capabilities, what we still need. American Eldercare was a great acquisition for us. Again, thinking about that, thinking about those 17 companies that are on the left of Bruce's slides are very capital-efficient way to get those capabilities. So that's what I think we'll continue to do as we go forward.
James H. Bloem: I think the best way to think about it is -- you point out and again, this is exactly the way we think about it. We have 3 things we have to deal with in 2014 bids. We have to deal with the trend, we have to deal with the payment rate and we have to deal with the premium tax. We have 7 things we could do to handle those things. And in every market, as Bruce and Jim have described, we basically use those, although there's no algorithm or way to do it, we think about it individually. And I think, as Jim said quite rightly, that's one of the key competencies of the company is that, by market, we individually do these 7 different levers, everything from how much can we push back to the providers, where are star ratings, what are our trend benders, how much -- what can we look for in terms of competition. But in order to really see how this all turns out, we have our internal target, which is sort of our secret sauce. But until you see October and until you see what the other people have done in each of these places, and that's why the next call is the one that we're looking forward to, when we get all the information and so are you. That's really when we think this comes together in a way that really enables us to talk about this in the aggregate because we do it in the individual, but we don't have a real feel for the individual until we've actually seen the competitive offerings.
James H. Bloem: Well, yes. And again, I think the way we look at is, as long as there's good returns and as long as they're helping get the better outcomes and the better consumer experience and the lower cost, we'll continue to do it. And there's still -- as Jim and Bruce have said, there's still a lot of ground to gain there. Lots of people to put into these programs and to identify for them. So again, we feel that it's difficult right now to say that there's a substantial diminishing of the run rate of the expenses because there's a payoff.
James H. Bloem: Peter, basically, what we did when we looked at it this year, there are a lot of things that are still in motion for 2014. And as you rightly point out, we normally do provide quarterly guidance. But in looking at what we still have to do, as I mentioned in my remarks, we still have -- we're still building the Medicaid and dual-eligible strategy. We're still looking at the exchanges. We have the marketing that -- which is -- that's the only 1 of those 3 that are -- that is the same as last year. So we thought -- just as a way of thinking about how we give guidance at this time of the year, normally, we give you the third and everybody solves for the fourth and it just sort of sets up an artificial barrier that when we get to the fourth, we sort of have to say, well, how did we ski through the allocation between those 2 quarters. So we thought it would be just better to say, at the midpoint, we think we'll earn $3.12 for the second half and just kind of leave it there. It's really not more complicated than that.
James H. Bloem: And I think the objective evidence of that is the fact that, at least, in these first 2 quarters, we've substantially exceeded the guidance that we've given. And the primary reason is, again, the moderation of trends.
James H. Bloem: Well, Matt, all I can tell you is you know that our tax rate is very consistent in terms of our statutory rate and our effective rate are pretty much the same. So it's really -- it's a derivative of the same question. So we really can't answer it.
