Bruce Broussard: Yes. Hey Josh, thanks for the questions. On the recruiting side, we do it both nationally and locally. And what we’re finding in the – we have a dedicated team also to the recruiting area. What we’re finding in the recruiting is that we are really the younger population we’re able to recruit to, and then also the older population, the more the experienced ones that are really looking to change their approach and clinical area and specifically around moving from an  E&M code driven, primary care billing to more of a value based.  And what we’re finding is once we – they are experienced with the value base, the retention side is much greater because it’s a better quality of life for them. But more importantly, it’s also much aligned with what they went to school for around proactive care and care that is more oriented to prevention as opposed to just the treatment side. So through a centralized approach and also oriented to locally, but really oriented to people that are looking for value-based payment options. 
Bruce Broussard: Thanks for the question. Yes, as you articulated, we’re very happy about the 200 basis point improvement in the retention this year. It is a combination of both internal work and the combination of our partnership with the channel, they increased 350 basis points. As we look forward, it’s probably going to be more stabilized as we think about it with some improvement, we’ll continue to work on it. But with the large increase in improvement in the channel outside that really contributed to the 200 basis points. And I don’t know if you’re going to see that, is that large of an improvement in 2023 and 2024. [Technical Difficulty]
Bruce Broussard: Well, we actively pursue and engage other payers on this. We do believe that’s an important part of our growth strategy and in addition, continuing to provide value back to the MA industry overall. But it is highly dependent on the growth of the plan. So this year, you saw significant growth as a result of our MA – the insurance side doing quite well. And so I would say our engagement is very broad and very oriented to continuing to be payer-agnostic, but it’s highly dependent on the insurance plans ability to grow. 
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, operator, and thanks for your continued support. And most importantly, thanks for our 65,000 teammates that allow us to really report these wonderful results. As Susan and I have reiterated, we are entering 2023 with – in a position of strength and look forward to continuing to provide you updates throughout the year on based on this strength. So thank you and everyone have a wonderful day. 
Susan Diamond: And Josh to address your other question related to just the organic growth that we anticipate for the CenterWell segment. So in total, the segment is expected to grow revenues about 6% year-over-year with pharmacy slightly above that number based on the strong individual MA growth, although they’re also impacted by the decline in the PDP membership.  The home is slightly down, and that’s again reflective of the growth that I had mentioned in my commentary about the core fee-for-service expansion as growth as well as the expansion of the value-based model, but obviously offset by the disposition of the 60% interest in hospice and the movement of that line of business to below the line is a minority investment.  For CenterWell primary care, that business continues to grow. But as you know, the majority of the de novo growth is off balance sheet as part of the Welsh, Carson deal. So also isn’t reflected in our actual revenue growth and EBITDA it’s going to be reflected in that minority investment as well. But specifically, the segment in total is expected to grow 6% for the on-balance sheet portion. 
Susan Diamond: Hi, A.J. Thanks for the question. In terms of the variation that was reflected in the report that came out, I would say first, we don’t have access to the data, obviously, to be able to really evaluate or assess those differences, so I really can’t comment on the variation. More generally, I would just say that we don’t have any reason to think that the inherent error rate within the Humana population would be meaningfully different from others. And so maybe just reflective of the audit selection and process that they’ve used historically.  In terms of the question of what we might expect going forward, I would say, that is also impossible to really assess. Even in the periods they have audited, they have used different methodologies over that period. And as you saw in the final rule that came out earlier this week, they did not provide specificity on what the audit methodology will be going forward.  And so the error rate that you might expect is going to be highly dependent on the audit methodology and extrapolation that they ultimately define. And so that is one of the things that we look forward to working with CMS on to better understand to fully assess, what might be expected going forward. 
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Justin. To your first question about just broadly how to think about how error rates may have trended over time. What I would say is that generally, the growth in value-based provider penetration as well as the increased activity within in-home assessments over that timeframe as well as just the normal course activities that all health plans undertake to – as part of Medicare risk adjustment, frankly, all work to improve accuracy. And so I would expect that some of those programs have grown, particularly value-based care and home assessments that we would see hopefully some improvement relative to those initiatives.  But in terms of what might be happening in the broader sort of and much larger organic base of provider claims, it that’s difficult to say because again, we don’t have that information. And it will ultimately depend on how the audit methodology is defined in order to fully assess the impact of that. In terms of how we might think about the impact of this from 2018 and forward, I would say that from a 2024 bidding perspective, based on what we know today and given that the 2024 bids are due in just a few months, I would say it’s unlikely that there would be any impact to 2024 bids. But we’ll certainly need to look to see if CMS provides any guidance in the advanced notice and bid instructions given just the uncertainty that exists regarding how the contract selection and audit methodologies will be defined in the future. But our focus will continue to be on delivering value and strong value within our MA claims to members, including the goal of stable premiums and benefits in 2024. So we look forward again to working with CMS to better understand the planned audit methodology going forward and assessing any future impact, but unlikely that will be finalized in time for the 2024 bids. 
Susan Diamond: Hey Kevin, this is Susan. Yes. So in terms of the MLR guide for 2023, the way you should think about it is that we did through our value creation initiative, create capacity with the enterprise to fund those targeted investments without impact to overall earnings and EPS. But keep in mind that the enterprise savings that were generated were across the entirety of the enterprise. They wouldn’t have all been generated by the Medicare line of business. And so given all of that investment was redirected to Medicare, you would see some impact to the MLR, all other things being equal for Medicare. And then as always, you have to consider, given the growth that we saw and some of the dynamics that Bruce mentioned about new members, switching members and retention all of those would go into our estimates for MLR for the year as well. Outside of just the Medicare trend, as you pointed out, the Medicaid growth will also impact the MLR Medicaid in general has a higher MLR. And given the growth that will happen at the beginning of the year – will be in Ohio, that will certainly impact it and be mitigated over the course of the year through redeterminations. And as we’ve commented previously, the members who had access Medicaid through the deferral of the redeterminations did tend to be lower acuity and higher contributing. So as they roll off, that would have an impact to the Medicaid MLRs as well. So those, I would say, are the two main drivers as well as just more generally, our continued approach of a more conservative initial guide as we set expectations with the – they intend to certainly mean and hopefully exceed those expectations. 
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi Scott, this is Susan. So in terms of revenue trends, because of the hospice divestiture, you will see a decline year-over-year. It’s just over $100 million decline. We have a meaningful offset in the growth of the value-based model, in particular, which is a risk-based capitated arrangement with the health plan. And so as we significantly expand the coverage of that to one million members that does drive meaningful revenue appreciation, consider that close to $1 billion for 2023. That’s offsetting what otherwise would have been pressured from the 60% divestiture of the hospice asset.  From an EBITDA contribution, you can think of, again, this segment is being down year-over-year, and that’s primarily a function of that higher-margin hospice divestiture being replaced with the less mature value-based model contribution. We expect increasing contribution in markets over time. They don’t start immediately at full impact. And so the value-based model expansion, you can think of is closer to breakeven in 2023. And then that being offset by the loss of the hospice earnings in our reporting. And I would say on the core home health services, we do expect, I would say, relative margin stability. We’ll certainly continue to watch labor trends and make some further investments in nursing, recruiting and retention, as I mentioned in my commentary, but I’d say relatively stable margins in the home health business.
Susan Diamond: Hi Gary, great question. So there are a number of things that will impact the MLR as a result of the membership mix. As you said, the higher than typical rate of members – new members coming from competitor MA plans would generally be viewed as positive. Those numbers do tend to be contribution margin positive even in the first year. We’ve many times commented on, in general, when you think of the full new cohort of new members as being breakeven from a contribution margin basis, but that’s based on that historically lower switching rate. So the fact that we saw more switchers, incrementally that would be viewed as positive. As you said, relative to our previous expectations, at least, the higher retention is certainly positive from a contribution margin perspective as those are going to be the most impactful from a current year contribution standpoint. The other two things I would say, work negatively against MLR. One is, one plan in particular, the plan where we offered a meaningful Part B giveback. We do expect that plan will attract an overall lower acuity membership given the plan design and the way it’s structured, and we did see stronger growth in that plan than we had originally expected. So again, that relative to all other members would likely be a negative to MLR.  And then finally, I would say the plan-to-plan switching that we saw this year, and we commented on this at JPMorgan as well. For the existing members that we do have, we did see more members switch to another Humana offering than we had initially anticipated. Typically, that’s where they will see a richer plan in market and select that plan. So while still positive and more so than an otherwise new member, year-over-year, they would see less contribution given the planned change that they initiated.  And the last thing I’ll just point out that is a bit unique this year is in order to make the level of investment that we did in our Medicare offerings, the way the bid dynamics work, we have to create savings for relative to A&B cost to fund those additional benefits and recall that CMS shares in those savings through the rebate. And so in order to invest $1 billion in benefits, you have to actually save more than that and then share some of that with CMS. And so the implication of that is and otherwise increased to MLR relative to what it would have been at a lower investment level. So all of those things are contemplated in our current year guide as well as, as I said a moment ago, just our continued approach of taking a conservative view of the guidance at the beginning of the year. 
Susan Diamond: Sure, Nathan. So, I would say, as we think about the ruling, as Bruce mentioned, the fact that they will not be extrapolating to periods of 2017 and prior, we certainly view as positive and we would consider the exposure for the audits that have been completed for those periods to be immaterial. So that was definitely positive.  As we think about what CMS has shared for 2018 and forward, and as we said in our commentary, it will be – we will need to evaluate obviously, the audit selection methodology and extrapolation methodology. And also understand our compliance concerns as part of our normal course MRI activities. And as we do that, we continue to evaluate all of our options to ensure that the omission of a fee-for-service adjuster and the resulting impact is addressed.  And so again, at this time, that’s really all we can say. There’s going to have to be additional collaboration with CMS to better understand some of the go-forward activity, but we just continue to – and we’ll continue to evaluate all of our options to address the primary issue of the lack of acknowledgment of the need for a fee-for-service adjuster. 
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Lisa. I would say that – we would probably expect relatively stable percentages and as we’ve disclosed historically, you consider about a third of our membership in full capitated arrangements another third in some form of value-based arrangement, and then the final third in more fee-for-service type arrangements. And just given the strong growth, our goal every year is to a minimum maintain that penetration and ensure that the new members who are enrolling with us get to that penetration level. So given the strong growth this year, you’ll certainly have to evaluate that. But as Bruce said, we saw very strong growth in highly penetrated markets. So hopefully, that may be a bit of a tailwind as respect to those ratios. But generally, you can – given the high penetration already, the goal is to maintain that as we continue to grow at or above the market rate. 
Susan Diamond: I would say, we’ve evaluated the 2023 membership growth and the quality of that. And as we’ve said earlier in the commentary, net-net, you can think of that all in as net positive relative to what we would have previously expected, but immaterial really to our overall estimates for 2023. And certainly, we’ll evaluate the claims trend as we do every year. And if we do see some positivity, we’ll certainly keep you apprised. But I would say from the growth itself, while positive, would not be considered material to our overall estimate.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Mike. Yes. And just to clarify, the enrollment in Part B plans was a broad comment. We saw a strong sort of choice within that product from new members. And I’m sure some of our existing members may have switched to those plans as well. But I would say the majority of the outperformance in that product was more related to new members than switching. But certainly, provides a different alternative in terms of the way the benefits, the guarantee Part B giveback on the premium side, and there is a trade-off for the relative richness of the benefits relative to other plans. So again, just based on, I would say, more of the acuity of the membership that we expect those plans to attract being lower is why I would say that, that would sort of all other things being equal, negatively impact the MLR that you would expect.  The plan to plan change broadly is just recognizing that typically when a member changes plans, it’s usually because they’ve identified a plan that has richer benefits that they will move to. And so year-over-year, their contribution, while positive, will just be less than it was in the previous plans. In terms of the value creation plan, yes, as you said, we did outperform our initial goal of $1 billion. I would say you can think of that as sort of a 10% to 15% outperformance. As we mentioned, though in 2023, we did plan for the intent to reinvest some of those savings into other admin categories and investments, particularly marketing and distribution with the intent of continuing to take progress on shifting some of our external call center market share back to our proprietary channels, which we’ve described historically is requiring some upfront investment, given that we fully fund the marketing for our proprietary channels. We’ll see lower commissions over time, but relative to the external channel, those costs are a little bit more front-loaded. And so our 2023 plan does continue to contemplate that, increased investment in 2023, so that we can make further progress. Having said that, we will certainly evaluate the stronger-than-expected results that we’ve seen so far in 2023 overall, but also by channel and the team is currently evaluating all of the marketing metrics and developing sort of a point of view of how we will think about our go-forward plan, particularly for 2024 AEP and whether there’s opportunity to optimize what we might have initially expected. So more to come on that, but our claim does contemplate the same level of increased investment that we planned for at the time of our bids last year and the planned use of some of those value creation savings to fund that investment. 
Susan Diamond: Hi Steven, so as we thought about the MLR and specifically the mention of provider labor capacity, I would say that is more a broad belief that over time, we will see improved clinician labor capacity which, as we all know, has been impacted throughout COVID, and we believe still at lower levels than we would have exchanged in the absence of COVID. So our belief is that over time, it won’t be an immediate correction, but over time that we will see clinician labor capacity increase and that when we do additional utilization will also follow.  And I think as we’ve commented before, one of the spaces that we continue to see lower than historical utilization is in the observation space within the hospital systems. Today, what we’ve seen throughout COVID is ER utilization in inpatient stays, observation stays, which you can think of as the sort of shorter duration stays are materially lower, which makes sense as the hospitals would certainly look to maximize sort of the revenue within their beds for any given patient.  So we would expect as labor capacity increases. That will be one area where I imagine we will start to see some return to pre-COVID levels as there is sufficient capacity to support those additional patients in the facilities. So I would say it’s not explicitly pent-up demand. And based on all the analysis we’ve done, we don’t believe there’s a large amount of pent-up demand sort of that needs to work its way through the system. Historically, we have seen some evidence of that, but it’s typically after a very large COVID spike where there’s significant depressed non-COVID utilization, which fortunately we haven’t seen for some time, and we are not forecasting that type of event to occur again in 2023.  So our guide does not have an explicit assumption around pent-up demand, but rather just taking the resulting sort of baseline trend we experienced in 2022. Increasing that for normal course trend as well as the expectation of some higher utilization is labor capacity returns. And as I mentioned in the commentary and expectation that flu will also see higher costs than we saw in 2022 as well. 
Susan Diamond: Sure, George. So the impact that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2022 was a result of an increase in the ASPC schedule. That was defined as for claims paid on or after September 28, 2022. And there was no ability for CMS to provide any budget neutrality offset in 2022. And so the lack of a neutrality offset is what caused the higher cost that we incurred in the fourth quarter that we had not previously anticipated. As you think about going forward in 2023, we will have that same higher ASPC schedule in effect. However, CMS did implement a change in the outpatient conversion factor, which reduces the cost for other services and drive something much closer to budget neutrality, which is why you haven’t seen ongoing run rate impact into 2023. 
