Michael B. McCallister: Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana announced second quarter earnings of $2.16 per share, above our most recent guidance of $1.98 to $2.08 per share, primarily due to favorable prior-year claims development. We have accelerated the timing of our earnings release as recent developments have resulted in the lowering of our forecasted earnings for the full year. Although 3 of our 4 business segments are running ahead of plan, the Retail Segment is experiencing some issues that we anticipate will be addressed over the coming quarters. We have consequently lowered our full year 2012 earnings per share guidance to a range of $6.90 to $7.10 from the previous range of $7.38 to $7.58. While we are disappointed by the need to adjust our earnings forecast, we believe that it is prudent given the developments that Jim Murray will describe in detail in a few moments. Bruce Broussard will then outline the measures underway to address these issues. Jim Bloem will close by relating these matters to our revised outlook for the year. First, though, I want to reiterate that our strategy continues to be sound and represents a solid path towards long-term growth and earnings. Further, this strategy continues to provide returns in a number of ways. Let me briefly highlight each of the 5 elements of Humana's strategy. First, grow membership, especially in Medicare. As you know, our Medicare Advantage membership growth significantly exceeded expectations in 2011 and 2012. Though with that growth has come some short-term challenges, the long-term benefits of such growth across the enterprise are significant. Second, execute on our 15 Percent Solution. Over the past 5 years, the buildout of our efficient networks and the application of our clinical programs have driven sustained results. We're also excited about the positive impact we expect from both clinical analytics capabilities of our Anvita operations and the focus on homecare through the capabilities and services provided by our SeniorBridge team. We believe we're further enhancing our solid Medicare Advantage value proposition with these activities. Third, expand geographically. Over the course of the past few years, we've dramatically expanded our provider networks, vastly increasing the number of people across the nation who have access to our product offerings. Fourth, further develop integrated delivery system models. Our value-based delivery systems initiatives allow our provider partners to continue to progress along a continuum of pay for performance models, leading to increased engagement by both doctors and hospitals and improved health outcomes for members. And finally, capture adjacent business opportunities. It's worth noting that we raised our expectations for 2012 earnings from our Health and Well-Being Services segment today, primarily as a result of the ongoing growth and success of our RightSource mail-order pharmacy business. In closing, we continue to believe our company strategy is sound. We expect growth in membership will continue to be an important element of that strategy as will long-term growth in earnings. I'm confident that the steps we're taking to address our short-term issues will further enhance the growth we continue to anticipate over the coming years. With that, since I know you're likely anxious to hear more about the short-term issues we're facing, turn I'll turn the call over to Jim Murray.
Michael B. McCallister: The longer term good news is that they're going to be with us for about 7 years and you saw the slide that Bruce used. They improve quite dramatically relative quickly. And so this group will get better and they're going to be with us for a long time, so they will become a productive part of the group.
Michael B. McCallister: To get back to something I said earlier. There's more conservatism in those bids. The target margin in there, though, is 5%.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, let me take a shot at this. I think we've got unusual event going on that some of these new members combined with and yes, there is more demand for services from this population, combined with some pretty significant growth in it. So a couple of a perfect storm things come together here. I don't have any less confidence in our ability to deal with the annual bid process to get to the right place. We've been able to, or generally project well. We've been generally in the right spot in terms of finding the right balance for product offerings, price and benefits in the marketplace. We've had a long history of being able to sell this really well. We've grown better than anybody in the last few years. So if I step back to 50,000 feet, nobody's happy with the where we are this moment, but this company really does still very well understand what goes on in Medicare and I think has a pretty good path through all these complexities and all these moving parts you're talking about. So I'd rather be us than anybody else in this space.
Michael B. McCallister: Okay. Well, thanks for joining us. Again, we're disappointed with where we are at the moment. I would remind everyone that even with the guidance for the full year '12 it will be the best -- second best year in the 50-year history of this company. We do feel pretty comfortable where we are with bids for '13. We believe we will have an opportunity to grow again in '13 and we'll back on track in this company by January 1, we believe. And I'd remind everybody that while these new members are currently causing us some economic problems, they will be with us for a long time and we have a lot of time to work with them and get them to a better place. So thanks for joining us and I'd like to thank the Humana associates that are on the call for helping us to continue to progress. Thank you very much.
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim. Let me go through this very carefully so that you come away with the right impressions. As I said, we started our bid process in February of this past year. When we started that work, we were of the opinion that we wanted to do some things relative to some things that we had seen long before we started the bid process around some markets that we weren't performing as we hoped. We also saw, obviously, the 2011 new member issue. And we also, as a part of getting prepared for our bid process, studied where we were competitively in the markets that we serve. And we concluded that we had the opportunity to do some things to put back some of the profitability that existed at that point in time. And so what we did is we began the process during February and we went along and we saw claim data begin to develop for the month of April that we saw in early May. And we also saw May incurred claims that we saw in early June, which we were able to look at and evaluate and get into our overall 2013 bid work. Then in the beginning of June, we filed our bids. At that point, we felt very good about the bid work that we did. We also felt good that we were going to be able to make the entire year. During the early part of July, we summarized our June incurred claims and we spotted that we had some additional issues and some trends that were developing worse than we had imagined when we filed our bids. So it's that last part of the June incurred claims that we spotted in July that caused us the problems that we're talking about here today. But the point that I want to really make sure that everybody is clear on is that in addition to all the trend evaluation that we were seeing for the months of April and May, we had already begun to think about some things that we wanted to do when we started our work in February to address problem markets in some of what we saw for 2011. And so when I step back and I evaluate our entire bid process, I'm very comfortable that yes, I can say that we missed the June incur claims that we learned about in July. But I think more than offsetting that is the things that we wanted to address when we started the process in February. And so when you put all those pieces together, I feel very good about our 2013 bids and restoring a level of conservatism that didn't exist in 2012 and '11 like it did in 2009 and '10.
James E. Murray: As Jim shared with you, there were a number of offsetting issues up through the June payment month that offset some of the issues that we described here today. It was when we saw the June incurred claims develop themselves in the month of July that we had to step back and say it didn't look like the whole year was going to be on our guidance. And at that point, we began to evaluate some of the things that we've talked about, particularly the one that's frustrating to me is not knowing about the 2012 new member cohort and what's causing the increased utilization and we'll continue to evaluate what that's all about. But it wasn't until the June incurred month payments that we got a good look at in July that we concluded that we weren't able to continue with our guidance and that's...
James E. Murray: Up until the June payments, we had identified that our trends were higher than we would like, particularly for the 2012 new member issues. But we've also, as I said and Bruce said, we felt very good about our competitive positioning, and we thought it would be prudent for us to reevaluate where we were competitively and not denigrate our ability to sell business going forward and take the opportunity to put that into our bidding process. And so we felt really, really good about our bids that we filed in June. We feel less good about them now that they've -- we've seen the July results, but still feel very good that in total, they not only address the issues but restore some of the conservatism that existed in years prior to '11 and '12.
James E. Murray: One step we went through a great amount of detail to work through in the bids was to make the changes that we made to the benefit levels being more of a total -- more of the overall change than premium increases because we feel like the seniors that we serve are more amenable to accepting a benefit change as opposed to a premium change. So we went to a lot of efforts to make sure that we stuck to that kind of a philosophy.
James E. Murray: The items that we talked about were the unprofitable markets. There were a number of markets that weren't running as we had anticipated or planned. And then you can see from the slide, the 2011 new member issues is a fairly sizeable issue. And so prior to what we saw develop in 2012, there was a pretty sizable group of things that we were attempting to accomplish when we did our 2013 bids. And then as the 2012 trend and new member information began to emerge in April, May and early June, we were able to add that portion into it into the 2013 bids. So again, the piece that we didn't catch is the July, early July, for June incurred claims. That amount is not significant, but it's something that we wish that we could have the time to put into the bid.
James E. Murray: So the one thing that I would quickly throw out for everybody to evaluate is not only are we going to address the 2012 and '11 new member issues that we went through a lot of detail about. And also through our bid process, address some of the existing block. But for the new members that come in, in 2013 because we did all that we did with our bids, we feel pretty good about the fact that our new member results for 2013 will improve. And so that gets to your question about what are you doing about the age-ins because they're comprising a bigger component of the total. So that's one thing I would quickly throw out. The other thing that you ought to think about is the things that Bruce walked through in terms of timely identification of members to get into clinical programs, doing that a lot faster than we have heretofore. And also the documentation piece that Bruce talked about and going out and proactively visiting with the members where we think there's a documentation and chronically ill senior that can benefit from not only documenting their records properly, but also getting into clinical programs more timely. When you add all those pieces together, I think, it begins to address the issue that faces us as an industry that the age-ins at first, aren't as -- their benefit ratios aren't where the existing block is at. I hope that does it for you.
James E. Murray: The Group Medicare business is fine. There are no such things as age-ins in group Medicare. And so when we sit down with a group and we talk with them about their plan benefit, these folks that we're bringing into our programs have a similar benefit level than they've had in the past. And so a lot of the issues that we detailed here today don't really impact the group business. I can't remember some of your other questions. I apologize.
James E. Murray: Yes, I would think that predominantly, these are more related to the PPO products that we have. With the HMO products, there's more of an integrated care delivery kind of a model that we like a lot more. So I think from where we're seeing most of these issues, it's more from the PPO and little bit from the remaining private fee for service business that we have. But that's not a significant portion of our overall membership block.
James E. Murray: The other thing that I would quickly point out is that some of the benefit changes that are required by the new law don't really apply to the Group Medicare business and there is not as much messaging that applies to the Group Medicare folks. So some of the increased utilization we saw from the preventive benefits and the messaging that I talked about earlier don't really apply to the Group Medicare folks.
James E. Murray: Yes, I want to be real clear about your comment about adverse selection. When you look at the slide and the risk scores that are shown on the slide for the new members that came in, they're pretty consistent year-over-year. So I wouldn't stipulate that there's -- that we've gotten adversely selected against. I think our risk profile for the new members that we're bringing in is very consistent over time. And one of the other things that I would quickly point out is that we feel all members are good members for us as an organization. As long as we get our full share of the risk for all the cohorts of members, feel very good about that we're able to accomplish in terms of member being risk adjusted over a period of time. And so we don't think that there's any book of business or any member that over time can't be a favorable member for us.
James E. Murray: The reason it was really highlighted is because it helped -- it didn't help, it hurt our overall guidance because it's an expense that we agreed to pay in the back half of the year. You won't see this going forward, because it will just be subsumed in all of our administrative spend as an organization but because we decided to do it in the back half of the year, it negatively impacted our overall guidance.
James E. Murray: When we do a bid, there's probably 7 to 8 assumptions that go into the bid process market-by-market and stars is one of those secular trends, trend benders, MRA and a lot of other factors. So as I said earlier, we felt -- we feel very good as a result of the 2013 bid process that we have -- gotten us back to the target margins that we've shared with you in the past. And that we've established some level of conservatism getting us closer to where we were in 2009 and '10. I'm not sure that we should go into individual assumptions and just talk about the package as a whole.
James E. Murray: The outpatient is included in the $100 million. So if I were to estimate the split between the impact of the required benefit change and the messaging related to it versus the outpatient, it's probably 66% to 75% is related to the messaging and new benefit, and the outpatient cost represents the difference.
James E. Murray: The way I think about this whole issue is that for the July payments that weren't caught, we've talked internally that, that represents maybe $60 million to $80 million but that's offset with some of the things that I talked about that we contemplated in February. And so that last piece related to the June incurred claims that we spotted in July, we think again is somewhere around $60 million to $80 million.
James E. Murray: No. The trend benders that we made as a part of our 2013 bid had some clinical program benefits in it, but most of what Bruce detailed in the $200 million to $300 million would be incremental opportunities that we're pursuing that we would maybe begin to see the beneficial effect of during 2012. But we want to get really comfortable that those processes and procedures are in place by January 1, so that we can see a lot of that benefit that Bruce described flow into the 2013 year.
James E. Murray: No. We had a number of other trend benders that we do on a regular basis related to clinical programs but one Bruce identified for you explicitly aren't included in the trend benders that are a part of our 2013 bid. These would be more incremental opportunities.
James E. Murray: I'm not sure I know what the $40 million is that you're referring to. There's a lot of numbers that are getting thrown around. I will tell you that we've historically told everybody that we generally believe secular trends run in the 4% to 6% range and in our 2013 bids, we've got a number included on the higher end of that range on a secular trend basis.
James E. Murray: Yes, as I talk through when I talk about the bids, we were looking at April incurs. We got that in May. We looked at May incurred and we saw that in June and whatever we saw in terms of a restatement related to the first quarter, we were spotting and we were evaluating regularly how our year looked after we did all of those claim evaluations. And again, it wasn't until the July, early July when we saw the June results that we thought we had problems for the year.
James E. Murray: The $60 million to $80 million that I would talk about is what we project the impact for the remainder of the year as opposed to one particular month. I apologize, I should have been clearer about that. We look of the trends that we saw and we said, okay, what's the impact of those trends for the remainder of the year and that would be the $60 million to $80 million that I referenced a moment ago.
James E. Murray: Yes, what we're explaining by talking about that 270 and then offsetting it by some of the other things that we saw in our other segments is just to demonstrate what's happened to our retail business. And it happened as we've discussed throughout the first quarter. We learned about the first quarter issues in the second quarter as we pay claims for the April incurred and the May incurred. And as we saw those claim payments occur during the months of April, May and June, the issues that we just talked about began to emerge.
James E. Murray: Pretty much across-the-board. I think, and we referenced this in my remarks, that we've been following -- as we've been seeing some of this occurring April and May, we've been also spotting that some of you have written up about some of the favorable reports from the hospital industry about their outpatient revenues. And it seems to correlate. But again, that outpatient issue was probably a very small portion of the $100 million that I talked about a moment ago. Probably 33% to 25% of that overall $100 million.
James E. Murray: Yes, that's exactly what it suggests. And that's a part why in February, we stopped and said, okay, what do we need to do for our 2013 bid process? And as you can see from the slide, it got even worse in 2012.
James E. Murray: The guidance that we've talked about in the first quarter assumed the results that are demonstrated on the slide related to 2011. And one of the things that we tried to explain as we were walking through all of these pieces coming together is that some of the 2011 results that we experienced in 2011 could have improved in 2012 because we did all the documenting and the getting the folks into the program. So there are some, to the extent that we experienced that negative in 2011, what's happening in 2012 related to those members is something that have to go into this entire equation. And so when we provided our guidance in the first quarter, all of those pieces looked fine to us. And then as we moved through April and May and June, we began to see some of the 2012 begin to emerge and we regularly evaluate it where we were on our bid process and where we were in the guidance that we were preparing for all of you. And we were comfortable through the end of May incurred and early June that everything was in really good shape and we looked pretty good for the year.
James E. Murray: For 2011, we were somewhere above our target in 2011 and whatever happened with those 2011 members in the 2012 incurred months went into our overall evaluation of how we were doing as an organization. In 2012, we began to spot the new member issue probably in the April and May time frames. And we began to spot it and we've began to deal with it and we would evaluate our bids and we also reevaluate our guidance. And it wasn't until the June incurred that we paid in July that it became apparent that we had a problem relative to our guidance.
James E. Murray: And in addition to that, we've got PDP business when you talk about our overall Medicare margins go to the guidance that we shared with you in the first quarter of 5.5% for our overall Medicare retail book of business.
James E. Murray: Okay. So when we did our bids for 2013, before we learned about the June incurred payments that we learned about in early July, we felt very good that we were putting together a bid package that not only got to the 5%, but began to restore a significant amount of the conservatism that perhaps was missing in 2012 and 2011. When we got done studying the July information, I would say that our bids came closer to the 5%. However, I still feel like they include some level of conservatism, not as much as we had anticipated when we filed them in June.
James E. Murray: That trend that we saw up through the June incurred date are rolled forward for the remainder of 2012.
James E. Murray: Dave, you're exactly right. And somebody just asked what happened here is the way I would interpret the answer. And when I step back and look at this in frustration and embarrassment, are words that come out of my mouth immediately. But I would say that the bolus of members that we have, there are new members and the higher medical expense ratio that we targeted for them and the fact that we got more of them and then that the 2012 cohort is performing worse than we've ever seen. And then where those 2011 members are on that 12 to 24-month journey, you put all those factors together and the fact that we had taken out some of the bid conservatism in 2012 and '11, that doesn't allow the existing book of business that isn't the new members to have favorable results relative to bids to offset some of these issues. When you add all those pieces together, it's where we're at and again, it's frustrating and it's not something that we're very happy about and I don't know what else to say about that.
James H. Bloem: The good news is that we're doing a better job of getting more share of the age-ins. The bad news is that the slide that we just reviewed with you in terms of the performance of the age-ins until you get them properly documented and get them into the right clinical programs.
James H. Bloem: And on top of that, I think it also gives an indication that there will possibly be more growth in Medicare Advantage as a percentage of the total Medicare system as a whole.
James H. Bloem: We can't postulate right now, as you know, Josh, on '13. But basically, if you look at the underwriting difficulties that we had in the first half, we've just really flipped those over to the second half and that's the major cause of why we have the issue this year. And separately, as was address, we believe that we've successfully put that behind us in the bid process for '13. So we feel good about where we are in the bids but again it's not time to take a look at that until we see everything that we'll get after the bids are approved by CMS. We go through that process and we see what everybody else has done. But I want them back to say all we did really is to take the first half shortfall in underwriting margin and reproject that into the second half of this year.
James H. Bloem: We have a very high confidence level that we will retain and grow. I think the question will be, will we have the growth that we had in 2011 and 2012? And I think some of the discussion is that the growth will continue to be at the 2010 level.
James H. Bloem: Again, we'll wait when we see what everybody has done and we know all our bids are approved and we see what everybody else's bids are. And as soon as we know that, within 30 days of that, we usually come out with our guidance for membership and earnings.
James H. Bloem: Well, our capital structure target for debt-to-cap still remains at 25% to 30%. But with respect to share repurchase, the board authorized $1 billion share repurchase on April 26. We spent $126 million of that through June 30 and obviously, we find a price at least at a closing today, very attractive. So we'll continue to do as the authorization allows us to do, which is basically to continue to repurchase shares in the open market and privately negotiated transactions. Having said that, though, our entire capital deployment strategy, I think, is we're really, since last year, been able to return a lot of capital to shareholders in the form of cash dividend and in share repurchase. Again, if you look at all last year, which was the first year we could do it, we gave about $623 million of the sum of share repurchase, plus cash dividends. And then the rest, we used of that $1.2 billion total dividend, the rest we used on CapEx and on acquisitions. In the first half of this year, it looks similar to that in terms of we've already returned $400 million to the shareholders. So again, we feel like we're going to continue to do that. We find the price attractive, and we'll continue to do as the authorization says.
James H. Bloem: The way we describe it, Kevin, is that we said it's really this year in order to accelerate, as Jim and Bruce said, getting people into the correct clinical programs, the appropriate ones for them and to speed along the documentation process.
James H. Bloem: Yes, the main thing in the SG&A ratio, for this year and for this quarter and the rest of the year is the TRICARE. The changing TRICARE with is worth 130 basis points. The accounting -- the economics remain as we've described, but the accounting for them where you go to a net basis is really the biggest difference. A then we also had, as I mentioned in my remarks, we had some special legal expenses. We culled out the settlement but not the legal expenses. And the legal expenses were in there as well, in the quarter for the Sacred Heart.
James H. Bloem: The settlement itself, we estimated to be $0.17 on May 21 turned out to be $0.18. But the legal expenses associated with that are still in SG&A and not included in that.
James H. Bloem: I think that's the one thing he's talking about. And it happens to be in the same amount as the charge for the litigation, exact same number. So I wanted to just make sure that's clear. That comes out separately. So when you look of the rest of it -- repeat your question.
James H. Bloem: I would say it's probably 2/3 is in the 2012 and the rest is in the '11. The '11 was caught and as Jim said, only the incremental part that comes from the $80 million that was caught in the early July when we saw the results from June in terms of paid claims.
James H. Bloem: Yes. That was generally ratable through each of the months. Again, as we said earlier, we had the other things that I've indicated show the fact that our guidance was still intact for both the end of the quarter and the year.
James H. Bloem: I was only -- my comments were based on comparing 2011 where you have lots of expirations and wholesale cost -- acquisition costs lowering the benefit ratio. Those won't be present this year. That's all I'm saying. [indiscernible] they still are good, but when you compare back to '11, it's not as good as '11. That was my only...
James H. Bloem: Well, I'll say to that is again, we've emphasized how important it is to get the members and that the members are what drive the dollar profit. The dollar profit around the target margin of 5% is what really gives us the earning power. So it's very important as we've started the conversation today with our strategy says we need to grow members and then we need to take those members, get them into appropriate clinical settings and get the right documentation. And that's why I think when Mike said a few minutes ago, he'd rather be us than anybody else because I think, on an organic basis, we do that as well as anybody and that's the key toward when you look beyond '13 and you get to '14 and beyond.
