James H. Bloem: Well, the remarks that I gave were really confined to the commercial because that's the one that tends to vary more and it was -- and I discussed it under Employer Group. But in the Medicare, again we've not seen a lot of change. So again, we're very comfortable with sort of what we've been seeing. The leap day was accounted for in our pricing and in how we take into account our medical expense recognition.
James H. Bloem: Well, again, what we said was the minimum MLR adjustment, the rebates was $0.06. And again, that's just a matter of seeing how the various states ran off in the first quarter versus the estimate that we had for the rest of it. The total favorable development was $0.03.
James H. Bloem: Actually, the amount in Retail, if you look at the slide, or the amount in Employer Group, let's take that one first. We had basically $41 million last year, and this year, it was a minus $30 million. The minus $30 million I explained is having 2 causes, those being the HIPAA 5010, which is now 98% of our claims being paid in compliance with that requirement. And the other one was -- the rest, that was between $15 million and $20 million. And then the other one was we made a plan design in one group, a medium-sized group and the Large Group business -- or in the Group Medicare business, which was basically all the rest. And that occurred in the fourth quarter.
James H. Bloem: With respect to medical expense ratio, no, we -- it sort of turned out the way that we thought it would turn out. And then with respect to the RADV, we had not accrued anything with respect to RADV because again, it was a revenue adjustment item rather than a cost. And so we didn't think that accruing was appropriate, so we had to think reverse.
James H. Bloem: Well, a lot of it has to do with the reinvestment that we talked about and resetting the margin every year that Mike went over in detail. And that's really the biggest part of it.
James H. Bloem: Yes, that's correct, and so when you put those adjustments back to the 1.9, you come very close to the 2.1 that again we're looking for, for the full year.
James H. Bloem: Sarah, just quick for a minute, if you just look at the prior period development for '12 and leap-day as Jim said, that really gets you that 1.9.
James H. Bloem: That was a generic. When you look at it, everything in its total, as we get ready to get to 2014, we know that we have to get to 85% everywhere in the aggregate. And then we have the state limitations so we've made some adjustments so that we don't have to make one huge adjustment, but we're sort of on the glide path into that 85%.
James H. Bloem: Yes, for year-over-year -- let's do that one first. The year-over-year on capitation, basically we went from about 13.1% of our members were in capitation arrangements and I'm talking about the Medicare now because that's where most of the Med capitation is. And now it's like 14.5%. And so that increase -- if you take that increase and you look at the total increase in our Medicare Advantage membership you see that's a good part of it and then you think back to what we've told you before about a lot of our expansion this year was in HMOs and that's where the capitation takes place. So when you look in days in claims payable, you can see that they went down about 2.5 days and that, that really is the reason. There's lots of our normal ins and outs that we show you on Pages S16, but again the biggest one was the 2.5 days for that capitation as you pointed out. And I forgot the other part of your question.
James H. Bloem: HIPAA 5010 was, at that time, in the fourth quarter, it was said that it needed to be done by 9/30 of '12. So a lot of the claims clearinghouses began their work on it. It's very important in order to be compliant with HIPAA with respect to the electronic transmission of claims. And that's obviously the way we do things -- most of our claims are handled that way. And so we had a couple of large clearinghouses that basically left off some claims for the last couple of days of the year like the 30th. The 30th was a Friday, and the 31st was the Saturday, if I'm not mistaken. And we knew they did that, but we underestimated the extent that they did that. But again, we knew that we were going to have this disruption because everybody has to become compliant. So the good news is that, that's a onetime thing because now we have 98% of our claims are compliant with HIPAA 5010.
James H. Bloem: We're very confident that didn't happen because by that time the pricing decisions are largely all made. So again, this is just a matter of making our processes and bringing our processes up to regulatory requirements that are coming. Again, we think that we're ahead of people on that. But we give a lot of transparency so that people can see where we are and then we've given you the explanation.
James H. Bloem: We've not heard of anything that makes it really that perceptible. Obviously, the government continues to work on the pricing of devices and what their costs are, but we don't -- we haven't seen anything that would be meaningful to the kind of discussion we're having here today about the Retail Segment, for example, that, that would be any material part of.
James H. Bloem: We don't make any predictions or we don't include in our forecast any accretion due to share repurchase. But again, if you look at the last one, you can see that we were sort of running ratably. But again, we don't make any comment or anything about when we might do that. But you look at what we've done, it's generally been moving along. We had 50% of the time was gone, we did 55% of the buys.
James H. Bloem: Actually, we look at our all our Medicare business in one look per segment, and so we don't generally break those out. The Group Medicare portion of the Group business is a substantial portion. And we do give a group, an employer group benefit ratio. And as you know, we didn't change that. So again, I think that we're looking for things to continue to move along subject to what I said about the earnings pattern.
James H. Bloem: No, there's no change in how we think about it and your question really suggests the answer. The Department of Justice is a factor in the dilution. We had a couple of million dollars and it shows on the slide of costs with respect to Arcadian and then we closed it on the last day of the quarter. So those are transaction costs, just to be explicit about them. And then we have some divestiture responsibilities that we have to do and we know that -- we're assuming that, that there will be some costs associated with that. We won't break that out. But then we're in the position, basically, where we're looking at moving the remaining 50,000 people that will be here next year onto our platform on January 1. And again, the kind of expenses we're talked about for that integration costs are basically all in the admin area. We're very satisfied with the underwriting margin and the MLRs. We think that, that we're in good shape there in terms of the acquisition and so -- and we try very hard not to be dilutive at the beginning. But there is tremendous advantage to us, to get these on our platforms as soon as possible. The problem is we can only do it once year. So the earlier we do it in a year, the more we have to carry the costs.
James H. Bloem: Actually, what we said is we explained the 30 negative just to bring it back to 0. If we look at the prior year at 41, the prior year at 41 favorable development is an extremely high number because of the very low trend at the end of '10. So when we look at these, basically it really pays us to take a look at what's in the 30. And so that's why we sort of broke that out for you. We're very confident. Again, when you take leap day into account and you take the rest of it together that we have a very good business in the Employer Group this year.
James H. Bloem: Again, directionally, that's correct. That's what we were trying to show you, that, that 30 is a nontrend, nonrun kind of thing that basically came out of the 5010 that one group change benefit design.
James H. Bloem: I think the basic reason is, is we continue to look as the year -- in the first quarter, especially, when we see what comes in and what's still out there Large Group, Small Group, there were sort of a little bit -- about half of the difference of the 30,000 in the fully insured that you saw -- again, with several going up, we're just not going to go up as much. That was about equally split between those 2. And in the ASO business, we basically have said we're very disciplined about the fees that we require for ASOs. So again, looking at that, we made that adjustment.
James H. Bloem: Well, capitation is not included in days in claims payable. So that's one of the reasons it gets excluded. So when you look at that number, basically I'd said that days in claims payable wouldn't have fallen, but for the increase in capitation. So if you look out what that we mentioned and Jim was quite explicit about the HMO growth this year, that was probably about half of it. And then we also made settlements with capitated providers, maybe a little bit more that we normally do in the first quarter because again the year was over.
James H. Bloem: Well, half -- again, trying to keep it into days, half of that 2.5 days was the increase in the HMO and then the capitation that I mentioned where we went from 13.1% to 14.5% of our membership. Peter, I'm not tracking with your other number from before because these would be higher numbers. Generally, we were in single digits before. We used to have a little cap table that we put in the release, but then cap got to be so small we took it out. Maybe we need to think about putting it back. But the idea is we've now crept up to just around -- just to the low teens now from a high single digits it’s normal capitation.
James H. Bloem: Yes, and that's what Jim said. If you go back and look at those years, the increase that we've had in our HMO population, that's really where our membership has come from. We’ve continued to migrate people there and we’ve continued to offer them plans there.
James H. Bloem: At least for the record, collectively, our recollections are on the same here, but when we look -- as we're looking at each other, again, high single digits now to the low teens.
James H. Bloem: A lot of it is, and that's correct. Again, we were continuing to look at that because again -- but again, the first quarter was weighted down as we've talked about. But generally speaking, if you look at the years -- and that's another thing. You can really do is when you go back and look at what we were forecasting last year at this time, the same kind of thing. Again, looking to where we ended up, most of the earnings were in the first half of the year and most of them were in the first quarter.
James H. Bloem: If it was day-weighted, it would have been very small because it was acquired on the last day. But your question, in fact, points out at how we actually do it, which is we take the average for the month. We do a monthly calculation. So that means it was there on the last day but it got no premium, but it was the yield was in there -- or the lower thing, and again, no premium but it was only there one day.
James H. Bloem: Actually, the way the process actually works is these end up in your statutory filings, which are filed on March 1. So as you're cruising toward the end of the year, you have estimates in all the different places, where it's running it and then when it doesn't quite hit those, then you're making adjustment like we described.
James H. Bloem: So because you watch it run out, you see what happened and then you say that's what's nice about the March 1 filing. You can see where that ends up going to as opposed to when you're making the accrual in the fourth quarter, you don't have all that information. So it's just a refinement of estimate by state.
James H. Bloem: I don't think it says very much, again because I referred to it as a refinement of estimate. And everything we've told you today about unfavorable development and all the other things have to do with the sort of the onetime change. And so you would expect that an estimate that you made before you saw all of the 45 buckets that it would go into, there would be some disparity there.
James H. Bloem: Actually, how it works is the expense of leap-day occurs in the first quarter. So all the expense associated with it lands in the first quarter. But the premium, the actuaries didn't forget that it was leap year, that premium is collected 1/12. So you get -- you sort of get it back or you get compensated for it as it was reflected in your pricing over 12 months.
James H. Bloem: And that's why we don't show it -- we show in the fourth quarter. It goes away because we're going to collect all the premium associated with it, but we had all of these expense in the first quarter.
James H. Bloem: We don't break out the MLRs again in the Medicare business. But again, we have an overall 5% margin that we're shooting for at the beginning of the year as we are now. So when we look at we've got a lot more PDP members this year, number one, and we're not -- all we can say is we're very comfortable with our 5% margin for the year with respect to PDP. So...
James H. Bloem: Well, there's more of them to get better at the end of the year. So that's part of the thing. And then -- so at the beginning of the year, the converse is true.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. The -- breaking it into the various case sizes, the Small Group block of business seems nicely positioned throughout the markets. Periodically, you'll see a market get a little bit hot. But generally speaking, we think we're nicely positioned for 2012. We had a nice growth here in 2011 with Small Group. On the Large Group side, the case size that continues to always be highly competitive is what we refer to, in past, as the portfolio size cases or 100 to 300 employees per group and that seems to be very, very competitive in all the marketplaces that we do business. Nothing real crazy in terms of the self-funded competitive landscape. Every now and again, you see a quote for a particular case that you scratch your head about, but nothing systematic. So well positioned in the smaller case sizes. The portfolio's a little bit aggressive in various other markets that we do business. But as you can see from some of the guidance points that we gave, the fully insured growth potential that we see for 2012 is positive for us, and we're just blocking and tackling.
James E. Murray: Yes, the contracts that we have with CareSource today has CareSource being at risk for the TANF population and also at risk for the Medicare population that we've typically been at risk for. As we go through the various states that we're going to do business, there may be some sharing of the long-term care risk that exist, but that hasn't been quantified or set as we go through the various states.
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim Murray. It's an integral part of the reset process. In prior years, as we did the reset, the evaluation of the likelihood of the secular trend or the trend vendors to play out would be known at that time. And for this year, we felt it was appropriate to rather than wait until 2014 to be explicitly identifying a part of the margin reset for us to get our medical expense ratios more in line with what will likely happen in 2014. It's a very detailed process. And again, we just think that it was wise now to, if you will, amortize the exposure that we had on the state or county basis so that we didn't have a big cliff when we hit 2014. But it's an integral part of the process and it's just -- it's a function of how much we think our assumptions around our bidding process are conservative or aggressive.
James E. Murray: Well, again, we continue to use the same actuarial methodology and we use it consistently in terms of our reserving. The prior period development is gross. So we -- it is kind of what it is. But if you think about using the same methodology as you go forward, the first thing that produces prior period development is -- favorable prior period development is lowering of trend. And so once that, that's occurred and gotten to a more stable place than it was before, like we had said before between 4 and 5 then we said to the lower end of that range. Once it gets there, then you'd expect favorable development to recede. And in fact, favorable development in '11 was less than '10. So again, we don't -- we would say, to reemphasize, we use the same actuarially sound consistent methodology in reserving and we would expect then that as trends settle in at these lower levels that they have, that favorable development would be less in subsequent period but never disappear.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. I think what we've said in the past is it runs slightly below the individual margin, and we've talked about a 5% margin target in the individual space.
Michael B. McCallister: The last one is, first, yes, we're aware of that. And I think that CareSource represents one effort to address the marketplace and it's a great opportunity for us multiple states involved here with a great player. We're talking to others. There will be -- and yes, it gets everyone's attention when you actually reach an agreement with somebody because everyone's positioning and trying to figure out how to get position for the Medicaid business with the dual-eligibles being the primary driver. So there's a lot of chairs moving around and this was a great opportunity for us to work with somebody in a key state, to start with and multiple states over time. And we haven't shared the economics of the relationship in detail. I don't think we'll be doing that. But this is the first step, and we're going to be very thoughtful and make sure that we reach this market in an appropriate fashion.
Michael B. McCallister: We're not going to be having to deal with that tax for the 2013 bids, Josh. So we'll be dealing with it next year.
Michael B. McCallister: Other things that are part of the change quarter-over-quarter would be the impact of leap year this year, also the PDP business that is included in that statistic. There's a lot more PDP members this year than there were last year and so that's having a somewhat of an impact on this year's quarter results, but should reverse itself as the rest of the year plays out because of the seasonal nature of how those costs are incurred.
Michael B. McCallister: And the other thing that I would quickly throw out is that the administrative spend for the clinicians that we've hired since the second quarter of last year, about 950 nurses throughout all of the United States, had a negative impact on our quarter's results compared to last year's first quarter but obviously we'll have a nice pickup over the remainder of the year and into the future because of the work -- good work that they do around helping people understand their medical spend and what have you.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, we don't comment on what we think other people are doing. We'll get a good read on what they're going to be doing for '13, again, as we always do in the fall. But again for us, it's a matter of the stability of premium and benefits is very important to us. So you don't want to get into a situation where the premium and benefits for each member is changed radically in a single year when you know that in a couple of years you have to bring everything into an 85% constraint. So that's why that was done. We're just pointing that out.
Michael B. McCallister: Actually again, we think it's very important to continue to attract Medicare membership. And then as you can see when we have those members over a number of years, we get, A, we get better at coordinating their care and teaching them health and well-being for themselves. And B, that also gives us an advantage then that they can begin to migrate to a plan that's appropriate to them that gets to and helps their retention with us and gets them to the appropriate level of care and coverage that they need.
Michael B. McCallister: Now I'll repeat what we've been saying for several years. We have a range out there of Medicare cost trends that take into account all these things you're asking about, and that range hasn't moved much. And we did talk about last year how we were coming in at the lower end of that, but we never really got out of it. So we see this whole business as relatively no drama when it comes to these sort of things. And it's been pretty predictable. We're big enough now that we have run rate scale here. And as we look at new members versus old members versus baby boomers versus non, we can clearly segment those and see different levels of spending and that sort of thing. But at the end of the day, this is a relatively predictable business with a population that is not quite as exposed to the economic changes out there as others although there's probably some pressure on them for some of their out-of-pocket spending. So it's one of the great things about this business is that these folks use a lot health care. They're in the system and once you get enough scale to where you can look at these people on a broad-based population basis, there isn't a lot of drum and that's the way I would describe it. There's not much drama here.
Michael B. McCallister: We've said for quite a while the risk adjustment process is pretty good, and we think it's appropriate to do it that way. And so when you tie all that together, I mean in the simplest terms, your expenses should predictably follow your revenues if the risk adjustment is done properly and we think by and large, it is.
Michael B. McCallister: With all the dozens of statutory filings and all that, it would be a mistake to make broad-based trend implications from this particular metric.
Michael B. McCallister: Okay, thank you for joining us this morning. We think this was a very good quarter. We did beat our guidance and raised for the year, and we have faith in where we're going in the future with our strategy and as businesses develop. I want to thank you for joining us. I want to take thank all the Humana associates who are on the phone call this morning for the great work that made this quarter possible. And with that, we'll see you in 90 days. Thank you.
Bruce D. Broussard: All the factors we talked about in the past was an understanding secular trend and the trend vendors and the good work that we're doing around the 15 Percent Solution and the amount of room that we have in all of that. And as we sit here today, we've got a bunch of our markets that are in doing the bidding process and we just felt it was appropriate to step up to it. And we feel very good about what we've talked about in the past. I think Mike highlighted it in his remarks. It's a very iterative process that we are very deliberate about.
Bruce D. Broussard: In prior quarters, we talked about a 7% pricing turn. And as Jim highlighted in his remarks earlier, that now is looking like it's in the 6% to 6.5% range. So we feel very comfortable with our pricing on our commercial book. And then on the capitation, I know that it impacts negatively the days in claims payable, which all of you wonder about quality. But we will happily trade that for getting 196,000 members in HMO arrangements because that's the best way to manage those members going forward. And so that's a good trade-off for us to make, and we're happy about it.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, we've talked for months and quarters and years about, a 4% to 5% secular trend, and our actuaries continue to tell us that that's about where we're going to see secular trend. And then we do all of the good work that we do to try to reduce that through our 15 Percent Solution. And the other point that I would draw out is that there's risk adjustment that goes on for all these populations that you're talking about it, so to the extent that any of those populations may be younger, and in theory healthier, the revenue that we get is risk adjusted. And so I think we see a lot of stability in a lot of the numbers that we're seeing from a Humana perspective.
Bruce D. Broussard: And the comment about why we would pay a larger amount to a provider is because the providers had a very good year and if you look at our 2011 results, that would comport, so the liability that would have gotten established at the end of 2011 got paid in the first quarter and so that's probably why it's bigger than what you're used to before.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think Jim talked earlier that there is an expectation that trend levels will return to normal levels, and we'll see how that plays itself out.
Bruce D. Broussard: And Mike talked about the strategy of growing our Medicare members, both PDP and MA. A side benefit of that is the ability to utilize some of our ancillary businesses and you spotted one that is an extremely important part of that whole equation.
