Susan Diamond: Sure. Kevin. So yes, you are correct. We did see outperformance in the primary care business. The first thing I would point out is we've been consistently saying all year that some of the higher trends we are seeing on health plan side has been disproportionately impacting our non-risk plans versus risk providers. And some of that is a reflection of from the product mix. We're seeing more pressure in our LTPO offerings versus our HMO. And our CenterWell primary care business, particularly the whole center are going to disproportionately indexed to HMO plans and then geographically, obviously, in Florida in some of our higher performing markets as well. With respect to the specific outperformance we're seeing in Primary Care this year, there's a variety of factors contributing to that. They've been positive prior year development. As well as positive current year development in the quarter and both seeing outperformance across revenue and medical costs. So really a variety of factors. The last thing I would say is some of the information that they rely on comes from the agnostic provider. And then you get some of that information on a bit of a lag. So you tend to see a little bit more later in the year sort of PPD and CPD as they receive updated information I would say, from the agnostic book, it's mostly, I would say, revenue related where they've seen some positive pickups in risk towards an MRA reimbursement relative to our internal expectations.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Steve, yes, so as to rates we called out the momentary and we disclosed this in some of our public commentary during the quarter. We have seen an uptick in COVID within the quarter. As we mentioned, our internal forecast for the year initially anticipated an uptick in the fourth quarter versus third. So initially, we said, well, that sold be just the timing of a pull-forward of that. We have started to see COVID start to decline is coming down. But as we mentioned, we have to date not seen an offset. And so it resulted in just net incremental utilization within the quarter versus what we might have otherwise expected based on historical trends. As we thought about the year, what we decided to do and an attempt to just be somewhat conservative to assume that the cover that we anticipate in the fourth quarter from an addition standpoint would remain. So we did not take that out of the forecast. And may eventually show up as non-COVID ultimately. But we did keep that in the forecast such that our ATT expectations are consistent with what we would have expected previously and didn't take that out. On the non-inpatient side, I would say the drivers of that are consistent with what we've been saying since the term developed on our second quarter call in the discretionary sort of orthopedic and surgical procedures some of the ER and observations that we've seen those have continued. And I would say the drivers remain consistent. There wasn't any new that came up that's driving that sequential increase.
Susan Diamond: Yes, let's take great questions in there. I'll try to get all of them. I would say, in terms of this incremental trend that we are announcing in the third quarter and then stepping up to for the full year. Obviously, this would not have been done at the time of pricing, it'll be incremental negation that we need to do to offset that in '24. If you recall, on the second quarter call, we did reaffirm that we intended to be within our long-term historical range, 11% to 15% and we reaffirm that today, although knowledge is a result of this higher trend that we would expect to be in the low end of that is our initial thinking. I would say, as we saw the trend develop, we certainly recognize that we would need to identify some additional mitigation. I would say our ongoing efforts around productivity have continued since the work we kicked off in '22. And as we've said before, have continued to identify more opportunities than we might have initially anticipated which is built unlike pipeline of opportunity that will certainly mitigate the end this year and we'll continue to do so next year. To your point, the higher enrollment growth, particularly the Asian component of that which we have seen a nice uptick in market share there. does put some pressure on MLRs. And in going to get this pretax because as we said, they run about 100% MLR typically in the first 2 years before flipping to full diagnostic space is adjustment typically more so in the third year. We've said before, you can think about with the level of enrollment higher for agents this year, you can think about it on a full year basis that, that would impact the MLRs about 20 basis points. And so that is contemplated in our '24 thinking. Obviously, one of the things we'll still have to assess as we refine the thinking for '24 will be this year's membership growth and the composition of that, the new name versus retention and those are all things we'll continue to assess and comment on further when we provide our updated guidance on '24 -- or fourth quarter call.
Susan Diamond: Yes. Justin. So yes, you're correct. The CenterWell pharmacy is going to be impacted by the MA growth as well as the decline in PDP growth. We shared previously that the middleware penetration rates for those populations and the PDP does run significantly lower than the M&A book. And part of that is the disproportionate percentage of duals in the PDP book which tends to use mail order at a significantly lower rate. So some of the losses in '24 will be disproportionately low income because of exceeding the benchmark. So that will have less impact than average, certainly. But those are certainly things we're contemplating in our thinking for '24. I would say, in addition to that, we've just got a lot of movement between Healthland and the pharmacy, both in '24 and then certainly in '25 too as we continue to see the pharmacy changes implemented. So for '24, you're going to have things like the DIR changes going to fly sale. So that will have an impact between the two. There are going to be more changes in '25 that frankly, we're still working through. We would anticipate relooking at formularies which might impact drug mix in the pharmacy. How you think about pricing between health and in the pharmacy will also have to be considered in light of some of the shifting liability in the change of plan for '25. So we'll certainly plan to provide more commentary as we work through some of those in our more detailed guidance. But there are a lot of changes to your point but we are contemplating that membership shift which we've seen over the last number of years.
Susan Diamond: Josh, for your first question, we are seeing that new members are running higher MLRs than you would expected that we would say that is attributable to the overall trend that we're seeing. We have looked at new members versus concurrent members to see what variation we're seeing at various types, plan level, geographic. And what we say is relatively consistent. So we continue to believe that the impact that we're seeing are broadly industry-related trends versus Humana specific. With the exception of some of the things you pointed out previously which we continue to see like some of the down investments we've made, we are seeing some higher utilization. But beyond that, I would say that the other impacts are relatively consistent across the new and concurrent but obviously driving higher and more than we would have expected across the board. In terms of the progression of members in the risk rides, we can follow up on any specific question. But I would say, in general, I would say the trends haven't changed significantly over the last few years, at least nothing that we've seen or called out.
Susan Diamond: And as respect to your same question, so as you think about the benefit of investments we made, there was obviously living contemplated in our pricing in our initial guidance and one toward our initial MLR guidance. As we've seen the higher utilization, particularly in sort of benefits you mentioned like that are more relatives like we've done in the flex as we spoke to. I would say we are seeing a higher utilization on some of those benefit investments than we would have expected. But again, we're seeing it across the existing membership base as well as in the new members. So it's, again, not a selection issue where we're just attracting people that or attracting that we're seeing existing members who now have access to those riches also utilizing them in the higher rate as well. Particularly on the dental side, I would say with optimization, we're seeing [indiscernible] just more dollars being utilized versus more utilizes overall. So sort of the cost per visit, as you can see about it going up where I'm sure the with Dennis in the optometric and when they got a patient in there, they're trying to maximize that sort of revenue per patient. So we're seeing some higher cost procedures or services like dentures and some other things routinely within that utilization. With the way some of those benefits are designed continue to flex, we do have less opportunities intra year to try to mitigate some of that and it does require adjustments to the benefit of that. And so some of that, particularly in the Flex benefits early in the year, we did make some adjustments in our '24 plan designs to account for that and implement some additional restrictions and benefit reductions. So that is one thing you'll see. So we'll continue to monitor, as I would say, broader utilization just relative to what we had expected off of that benefit investment that we implemented in a few of those specific categories.
Susan Diamond: Yes, you did hear me correctly that we are seeing more pressure in our PPOs versus our HMO. Some of that's a reflection of a lot of the newer plan designs we've implemented over the last years having more PPO and you saw the introduction across the industry of the $0 PPO [ph], an example. Since you tend to have a lower margin profile than our legacy HMO products. Some of that's also a reflection of this geographic mix differences. Obviously, we have strong penetration in HMO products and some of our [indiscernible] and highly risk-insured markets. Today historically [indiscernible] although we're seeing more and more of a more sophisticated with providers to take risk on [indiscernible] and difference in the months to see better financial results, including lower MLRs and higher contribution to MTN.
Susan Diamond: Thank you, Sarah. So yes, I think you're referring to some of the utilization management practices and those are typically done on the front end. We do that wherever possible where we will have the opportunity to review for medical necessity and appropriate setting. So whether that's a full inpatient admission or an observation stay. We've had those programs in place for many, many years. There are some changes coming in 2024 based on some new CMS regulations. And those do change the way some of those programs will work. Those don't take effect until January 24. So I would say no meaningful changes experienced in '23 but we are anticipating those changes in '24. Those did represent a headwind to us, recognizing that we won't be able to have as much impact as we have historically from those efforts and we did account for that in the bid. But that is one of those things we'll certainly want to watch next year. How that develops relative to our expectations, recognizing there may be some behavior change that we see within the provider community, they adapt to those changes. So that's something we'll continue to watch but it's something we anticipated and included in our '24 pricing.
Susan Diamond: Yes. And Lisa, as respect to the $37, I would say, in general, as we've commented, we have been anticipating that the rate environment would not continue to be as favorable as we've seen in the last number of years. obviously, for 2024, the industry is absorbing the more negative rate environment. And with the phase-in of the risk adjustment model changes, we anticipate that, that will be implemented over the next -- the remaining over the next two years. That will certainly have an impact to our primary care business which we've talked about. While the business has a mitigation plan and they believe they can fully mitigate the impact, they do think it will take time. So we are anticipating a headwind in '24. That will be somewhat lessened in '25 as they continue to mature and scale some of their mitigation plan initiatives and then fully offset by '26. Within the health plan, I would say, we obviously know what the impact of the risk adjustment model change phasing will be but we'll have to obviously see what the core adjustment looks like in light of some of these higher trend, in theory, you would see some positive restatement embedded in there. So we'll have to see what that looks like and whether it's sufficient to cover normal horse trend. The way we generally think about it though is that is we go to impact the industry broadly. And so in theory, we should be on par with everyone else and assuming everyone react rationally, then it wouldn't put you in an advantage or disadvantage. We are very pleased, though, again, have the really strong Stars results that were published recently. And that, again, is a durable advantage for us where we do know some others will have some challenges to deal with there while others may have some improvement. And so those are all things that we consider as we plan for '25. I just reiterate, we remain committed to delivering the $37 committing to continue to grow at or above the industry rate for MA membership growth. and wanted to highlight recognizing it requires an accelerated growth rate for earnings in '25. I wanted to make sure we highlighted some of those more unique tailwinds that we will benefit from in '25 that allow us to achieve that higher than typical rate in order to deliver to $37. And we'll certainly share more on our fourth quarter call.
Susan Diamond: Yes, absolutely. And so as I called out in my prepared remarks, there are some tailwinds that will benefit from in '25. As we said, the outsized membership growth and the progression you will typically see in the margin profile of those new member cohorts improves over time. The higher agents, in particular, as I mentioned, they typically don't see the real up in performance until year 3 when they fully convert to risk adjustment. So the member -- the new agents we've got in our 2023 book, we'll then see disproportionate improvement in 2025 that will help contribute to that higher earnings growth that would be required to get to the 37. We have continued to see favorable net investment income, as you've seen in our results. And so some of those things are improving relative to what we would have thought going into '24 and we'll continue to '25. And then certainly, our continued focus on productivity is something that has continued to prove to be a mitigant for the near-term pressure. And then we expect to continue to see more than the 20 basis points of operating leverage that we committed to. And then some of the capital deployment will benefit as well. So the way I think about it, when you try to isolate some of those things, sort of then what's left is what you say is more normal progression within our historical targeted range. We do acknowledge that given what we're seeing in the trends and also in some of the discrete utilization we've seen in some of the benefits we've discussed we do expect that we will take some discrete pricing action for '25, we'll certainly be targeted in the way we do that, so that we're addressing some of those spots that are driving less earnings progression than we would have expected at the time of pricing. And so while they might have some impact to membership, we would say we would plan to target in a way where that's okay but it's the appropriate thing to do to balance the membership and the earnings progression that we'd be looking for. And you still feel confident that more broadly, we should be well positioned such that we should be able to continue to generate membership growth at or above the industry rate.
Susan Diamond: Sure. As far as the agents, I think with some of the information we shared about the increased penetration that we've seen. You can think of that as about $250,000 an additional sales for agents for the full year. And then we see the incremental benefit of the margin progression on that. Like I said, it's disproportionately weighted to year 3 by the time those members ultimately convert. In terms of one home, it's about 15% of MA membership. I think in answer to your question.
Susan Diamond: Yes. Why don't we -- we can get back to you with a specific answer on that. Let us look at that. And when we talk late tomorrow, we can have that answer for you.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, a few things there. One is we are getting is that positive feedback to just where our positioning is in the channels in the various broker channels, so both the call center and in addition to the field. So I would just say, in general, people seem to be very content with how we're positioned, both from a benefit point of view but also just from our quality scores that we obviously received both in stars but also our customer service side. The second thing is that we do have -- continue to have a balanced approach in how we are going to market with our distribution from continuing to support and build our relationships with our call centers, our external call centers and in addition, our field representatives that are external field representatives. So we do continue to see good engagement with them. We continue to see working with them not only from a sales point of view but also from our attention point there which is consistent from last year as we continue to make proper investments with our partners there. We do see good results coming out of our field, external field channel. We continue to see really strong results there and probably they're overachieving from our budget. And in addition, we continue to see good results from our agnostic channel. As I mentioned, we're predicting to almost -- to double our sales there. We're not making much adjustment today. I mean we continue we're only 2.5 weeks into AEP and we feel like we're consistent with what our expectations are. And so we're going to continue to execute. But maybe in a few weeks, we might adjust accordingly. But today, I think it's what we've set out to do last year.
Bruce Broussard: I'll take the first question just on the growth guidance and I'll let Susan take the second question. On the growth guidance, we continue, as we mentioned, we believe that will grow at or equal to the industry. I think there's ranges of what the industry estimate will be, rent is from 6% to the 8% or so but we feel really comfortable with that. And that comfort, [indiscernible] is coming from our continued feedback from our brokers, not just where we are positioning in the marketplace. We continue to see both the brand and the benefits continuing to be competitive and never the cheapest but to be competitive in the marketplace. So we're getting really good feedback there. So I would just say we just feel that today, we will follow the growth of the industry. We do feel we're not as competitive as we were last year and the way we've positioned our product and therefore, that's why we've backed a little bit off from being disproportional to being right at the industry or greater growth.
Bruce Broussard: Okay. I'll take the first one and Susan can second one. On the modestly higher attrition really is just coming from what we -- our history of when there are changes, significant changes in benefits, what we do see is people shopping more. And in result, when they're shopping more, though, we've seen increased attrition. So it's really more the environment we're in as opposed to dramatic changes in our distribution channel or our benefits.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you, operator. In closing, I echo seasons, thanks to our 65,000 employees. We truly appreciate their hard work and dedication to bring each day to serve our members and patients. I'd also reiterate the thanks to our shareholders for their continued support. Managed fundamentals are strong and we remain committed to leveraging the strength and scale of our enterprise navigate near-term challenges while continuing to advance our strategy. And importantly, we remain committed to our 2025 adjusted EPS target of $37, reflecting a 14% compounded annual growth rate from 2022 to 2025. I hope everyone has a great day.
