Brian Kane: Well, as we mentioned, it really – several calls, the group MA market, particularly on the large scale accounts has continually become more competitive. There are several players who you know well who are pursuing these accounts. And, you know, they're obviously attractive pieces of business, their large membership, significant revenue. And you know, there are positive knock on effects as well to winning these accounts, in the local markets in which we operate with respect to providers, etcetera and visibility. And so, there's a lot of competition for these accounts. We remain very well positioned there. Our Group MA team has really been very smart about how they've underwritten these accounts. We're not going to chase accounts down to profitability levels that we don't think are sustainable. And so, we're being prudent and thoughtful as we pursue these opportunities, but again, feel very good about how we're positioned in Group MA notwithstanding the competition there. I would note one thing though, that at the smaller group account size or mid level accounts and small level accounts, the profit margins are better, and more attractive from a profitability perspective.
Brian Kane: Well, I would say that the ranges that we laid out in the fourth quarter call are consistent with what we're seeing today. And so we remain within those ranges. And again, that's, you know, I think, why we're comfortable, obviously reiterating the guide that we've put forward today. The sequestration clearly is positive from an earnings perspective. But I think we have to consider that in the context of the overall headwinds and tailwind that we see over the coming nine months. And so while that certainly, as we mentioned in our remarks, is a positive tailwind to offset any potential pressure that we might see over the coming months. You know, it's still very early. And so that's why we reaffirm today.
Brian Kane: First of all, Justin, thank you for the comments. You know, with respect to – we'll start with risk adjustment. You know, obviously, there are ranges of outcomes, and you know, it could be material, and so, you know, I would say as we think about, you know, potential headwinds and tailwinds that is one that we're very mindful of. And it's something that, you know, as I said to the last question, the sequestration is helpful, but it's still early. And so, you know, I would say that we're sort of in similar posture as we were last quarter at this time.  There are headwinds and tailwinds that we that we look at. And we want to be, I think, pretty cautious as we head into the last five months of the year, because there's still a lot of uncertainty. And clearly, MRA is an important element of that, but there's also the claim side, which we have to see unfold over the next nine months. And we obviously have assumptions about how claims are reverting to baseline levels, which they seem to be doing, sort of in-line with largely as we expected. I would say, you know, non-patient, maybe a little bit faster, but you know, sort of in the range and inpatient in-line COVID coming down faster.  So that's obviously a positive. So, there are a few puts and takes in those numbers, but I think there's a bit of a ways to go before obviously, we're fully comfortable there. As it relates to the documentation for 2022, as I mentioned, we are feeling reasonably good about what we're seeing so far. It still is early, but the documentation codes do seem to be coming in, in a way that makes us feel good about 2022.  We've been effective in getting into the home through our in-home assessments program. We ramped those up pretty meaningfully and so that I think is a positive sign for 2022, but we also will be cautious as we price 2022 and run, you know range of scenarios to understand what the various eventualities may be on both revenue and claims as a result of the pandemic.
Brian Kane: Yeah, I would say A.J. on the EBITDA that's, you're broadly thinking about it right, in terms of the numbers.
Brian Kane: Yeah, and I would just add that just in terms of what we disclose today on the healthcare services side, as Bruce said, you know a lot of our revenue today is in our company because of the pharmacy segment. And obviously, CenterWell primary care has, it is a payor-agnostic business and has external revenue, which we'll see in Kindred though, because it's not like payor-agnostic, but also, obviously serves the fee-for-service program, it will be a lot of, you know, that $3.2 billion of revenue, you know a good proportion of that is obviously non- Humana’s. So, you'll see more disclosures there and we’ll provide more, you know, operating metrics around that as well. So, I think you will get enhanced disclosure. We try to be very transparent with investors in our various businesses and I think you'll continue to see that going forward.
Brian Kane: Yes. So let me start with the MER question. The way I would think about it year-over-year is, we were about 110 basis points above last year. The difference in PYD was about [110 million]. Coincidentally, also 110 basis points, so call that 220. The HIF and memory, you have to tax affect it because we did give some of that back to members, it composes a good portion of that 220. And I would say, the group phenomena that we call about and the PDP mix is not insignificant in terms of impacting the MER.  So I would, if you want to do an apples to apples incurred basis, I would actually say, the MER got better year-over-year if you exclude prior periods, and you just do it on an incurred basis, other than, like I said, you know, the group MER, as we expected, and as we price for it, you know, I think that does have an impact on the overall margin in the retail segment, as I think we've discussed on the last call. With respect to your utilization bouncing back, we do assume as we mentioned that there will be – we expect to bounce back utilization, we are starting to see that, again, in-line with what we've expected, particularly on the inpatient side as more people are using the hospital facilities in particular, but they are still below par.  We do expect the utilization of the system to run at or perhaps a little bit above par as the year continues. We're not seeing increased acuity as yet, although, as I mentioned, with respect to both 2021, but also 2022, we just want to be mindful of how acuity or “long haulers” might play into our cost base, particularly for later this year, or next year. And so, we're definitely mindful of that, as well as any just general bounce back and utilization in the system. And then on the side of service side, we'll see where it goes.  We have seen a decline in SNF usage, and that's moved into the home, which I think also, frankly, helps validate the thesis behind the Kindred transaction, just as more and more cares is taking place into the home and as Bruce outlined in his remarks, doing everything we can to make the home a much more comprehensive setting where care can be delivered. And so, I think our belief is that will continue whether members are more shy or shy away from the institutional setting, or [Technical Difficulty] I would say that [Technical Difficulty].
Brian Kane: Okay. I tell you, when I said it was actually very profound, so I’m going to see if I can repeat it again this type with feeling. So…
Brian Kane: Okay. I’m going out with a bang here. So, on the site of service side, it's, we will see what happens in terms of whether seniors are less comfortable about using the institutional setting. We think it's possible that that could happen. It's certainly not something that we're going to underwrite in our – either assumptions this year or bid assumptions next year, but it's possible.
Brian Kane: We are seeing, I think you went for the SNF comment [indiscernible] we are seeing lower skilled nursing claims and that people are using the home in that regard that validated – one of the validation points of the Kindred transaction. Hopefully you heard that part as well.
Brian Kane: Well, thanks for the question Scott. Thanks for the comments. I mean, I think you're reading it, right. I mean, we're very, you know, pretty bullish on how group and specialty is doing this year. It is early. They do not have the same types of, you know, headwinds that Medicare does, certainly on the revenue side, but it is early. The prior year development was a positive note. The incurred results that we've seen, we feel good about.  The specialty results are also doing well, specialty, meaning dental. And I think the military business is having a good start to the year. So, really all elements of our strategy are on course, and the financial performance, I think is showing, but as you rightly point out, it's still very, very early. And so we want to see a few more quarters develop.
Brian Kane: You know, I would say that that you're probably more leaning towards more earnings in this segment than investments. We've built in investments into our guide already. And then there are things around the edges that we would always do in a good year just to shore up the segment for future success and something that we really want to do because we think there's, we think there's really a lot of growth in this segment potential and really an opportunity to disrupt the current market as it exists. There's a lot of appetite to do that among our customer base and so we will be prudent as we look to make investments, but I think if you said there are meaningful outperformance on the earnings side, we would imagine that that would flow through.
Brian Kane: Okay, I wouldn't have characterized it as a problem. I would just say to Matt’s initial question that the market is more competitive at the high-end of the range, and these are large accounts. So – and just given the high PMPM premiums, you could have pretty significant revenue dollars here at lower margins. And so, I wouldn't call it a problem. I would just say, when you look at the overall retail segment MER, I think it's important to normalize for some of the impacts there. And so, if you sort of strip that out and you look at, sort of year-over-year, I think we're – from an MER perspective in a pretty good position.  And so, I wouldn't want to quantify it specifically or meant to say, I think, you know, anything not made up by the sort of HIF, including the tax benefits, some of which we pass through, with the group MER impact because of the lower, bidding on the lower margin levels for these large accounts, as well as frankly, the continued decline of PDP, which also, as we've talked about has, you know, the way the MER dynamics works with, I think you know impacts the first quarter in a way that would also effectively more [indiscernible] to year-over-year.  So, we feel good about the year-over-year comparison, but again, I wouldn't get too, too caught off in the in the group MA, MER specifically, but rather just an overall commentary on the competitiveness in that one segment of the market. And so it's just something that we're mindful of, and we continue to be very thoughtful about how we price there.
Brian Kane: And just to add on the capital question, there's no doubt that hospice is a company that we can leverage. And so it's not something we'll disclose today, but we do intend to put that on the [hospice before] we spend it. And so stay tuned for that. You are correct.
Bruce Broussard: We are trying to – just to add to Brian's comment, we are trying to differentiate through the service component of that and we do find as a result of employers being responsible for the selection of this. That's an important differentiation. It’s not always going to win over price, but we've found a number of accounts that has won over price.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah, Justin, maybe I can just reiterate what Brian is saying. You know, we obviously had a good quarter and I would say that we, as Brian has said, as we’re early into this we’re looking at the assumptions we made in setting out the year. And this is, you know this is a good growth year for us, which can be in excess of 15%. And we just want to make sure that we see how the rest of the year plays out more before we adjust any of our estimates there. And I think that's probably the best thing that investors should take away from, is that we still are confident in what we've put out there as an assumption side, but it's the first quarter of four quarters here.
Bruce Broussard: A.J., I'll take the latter question and then Brian can just verify the multiple side. We are in the early stages of spinning it off. So there is definitely a commitment of us to spin it off. Our intentions would be to move down the road of possibly an IPO, but there's long ways between here and there and we understand that this is a great asset. As an asset it is a leading hospice asset in the marketplace. It is, you know, it's got great operations from an operating point of view, strong management team. And so, I think it is going to be an asset that is going to have a lot of interest from multiple different buyers so to speak. We haven't worked out the contractual terms of can they re-enter into the home, home business, I think even if they were to do that, it is a fragmented industry, but it is also an industry that, as you all know, because of the legalities of licensure issues and being able to get a home health license isn't the easiest thing in the world, especially both in [CLN states] and to get a Medicare reimbursement side. So, we do believe that there's various entry and just getting into the business. So, we're less worried about that.
Bruce Broussard: Well, I guess there's a lot in that question. I would say first of all, in terms of our confidence for pricing next year, I mean we, as I said in my remarks, we're going to reflect any uncertainty that we see in [our bids] to ensure that there are, you know, any issues that we can contemplate here with respect to various scenarios that may play out, we would have considered in our bid. So, I think that's the first thing. So $21.50 you know, from a pricing perspective we feel very good about. We also feel good about the reiterating guidance that we provided today.  I would say, relative to perhaps some of our peers, we have a much higher concentration of Medicare revenue. And Medicare claims, which I think in many respects, particularly in the revenue side have more volatility, but on the claim side as well, you're making assumptions about how seniors who have not used the health care system for a long time, how they're going to respond to the next, you know, call back half of the year. And in that regard, we just want to, we think it's appropriate to be cautious about how they might use the system in the back half of the year, especially as we saw, again, the depressed utilization in the fourth quarter, how does that all play through. And so that's, I think, appropriate caution. As we said, the sequester benefit is beneficial for obvious reasons.  So, that is clearly a tailwind by understanding how impactful on our revenue numbers, the last fourth quarter was is still out there, in particular, because the way the mid-year payment works is it rolls forward, for the last six months of the year, in terms of how we get paid, and understanding of the documentation codes that were collected is something that we really need to understand, you know, both on existing members, as well as, frankly, new members. We get a lot of new members every year. Remember, it's not just the net growth, but it's just the number of new sales that we have. And so from that perspective, there's uncertainty there. Again, I feel pretty good about where we are today, but we don't think it would be appropriate to change our guide. The last point I'd make is, we came into the year committed to our 16% growth rate, which was above our target. And that's, you know, that's where we continue to be. We, you know versus perhaps some of our other peers, those numbers have not modified. And we obviously put out a number of ranges on a number of variables here, which, you know, are a reasonable amount of uncertainty starting from the fourth quarter. And as I mentioned that continues, but again, I think the first quarter is a good quarter, but there’s still ways to go.
Bruce Broussard: Well, depends, I mean, possibly, I mean CMS changes, you know, each year exactly when they give the mid-year payment. My guess is, we will have visibility by the second quarter call, but there's no guarantees, but I would say most likely by the second quarter call, we will have some visibility into our mid-year MRA payment. Yes.
Bruce Broussard: Let me start and I’ll ask Brian to add. You know as we are building a healthcare services division, I think [indiscernible] component, which will, you know will have – start out with our pharmacy business, which is the largest part of the business, our primary care business will be part of that. And our home health business will be part of that and then we'll have some other health care services area there over time. Those would be the three primarily large driving profitable arms of the organization there. They will serve multiple different markets. They will serve our existing members and be integrated with our existing members through technology and the service component of that. They will also serve in when in the appropriate area. Medicare fee for service areas such as direct contracting would be an example of that. And they will serve other providers, I mean, other payers, as we do today in value based payment models, and we'll take full risk. So, the opportunity we have is to take advantage of the – in the organic growth of each of those markets, to be able to then integrate those together and take advantage of offering a value-based offering two different payment mechanisms whether it's within MA to other payers or within a direct contracting area. And then in addition, it's also the opportunity for us to serve our existing members there. And so, I think you'll see the CenterWell segment the just evolving to be the – our healthcare service segment.
Bruce Broussard: I think with the entree onto with Kindred, I think we will have to bring in other discussions there. And I think that probably as we close on Kindred, you'll probably see enter the 2022 you'll probably see more enhanced statistical side of the operational aspects of our healthcare service division.
Bruce Broussard: On the telehealth side, first we will [buy technology]. I think the technology side we would be leasing it or via someone who would lend it to us. We feel that that technology is frankly will be a commodity over time, so that I just want to break down the different parts of telehealth. The second aspect is from who the providers are in there and we always see there is different channels there, one of the partners and our provider value based relationships that we have.  Most of them already have telehealth and so we don't need to provide that to them. In our clinics, we today have telehealth and we are utilizing a few different technology platforms and so we are offering that and that's, you know, so we are in that business, but it's through our provider businesses. And then providers that are needing telehealth, we will partner on a [vended basis] with some technology company to offer that that's probably less than a minority part of our telehealth business.  The first two will be the majority. And so, I would answer the question, that we don't need a partner. It would be more of a vended solution to offer the technology where we will offer or our partners will offer through our contractual relationships on the provider side.
Bruce Broussard: I mean, that could be a proxy. I would say that we're not putting any estimates out there, but our intention is to continue to penetrate in the markets, in the markets that we operate and the nice thing about the Kindred asset is it has 65% overlap with for the organization. So, we have a lot of markets that we can go into, but your math is an estimate, but I would also just like I think – our capacity to cover that, because we're not in 100% of our markets.
Bruce Broussard: I would say from a customer point of view, the regulatory side, because just there's a significant amount of regulation around how we approach the customer and certain rules and compliance around how we service the customer. So, I would say from the insurance component, you would be right. But within each of the care models there is regulatory. I mean there is compliance regulatory, there's, you know, there's obviously licensure requirements, billing and etcetera. So, I would say and it follows a more traditional provider oriented fashion, regulatory environment. But I wouldn't say it’s a free reign here, I would say that it has the proper caveat around it.
Bruce Broussard: The nice thing about the home channel that we're developing, they have multiple different markets to go into. They're just so – if at the appropriate time pace makes sense, and we can make that market. I think going to that market, our big focus was how do we get geographic coverage? And obviously the Kindred distribution of nurses really provides us that opportunity as serving in different markets. Where they reside in the organization today, Heal and Dispatch relationship resides within our Home Solutions Group, but it is closely aligned with both of the plan and closely aligned with our primary care strategy. Because what we find is the best solution are the ones that are integrated together where the plan is integrated with the provider side, the provider, the primary care is integrated with both going into the home, the clinics, and the home care offerings that we have. So, I would say that it does reside in the Home Solutions area, but the way we operate it is really and the goal is to have it integrated in the markets that we serve.
Bruce Broussard: While I take the first one, Brian can talk about the capitalization side. What we find is the palliative – the integration on palliative and hospice is very powerful and being able to offer both of those in an integrated fashion really creates the opportunity for us to partner across the hospice business as opposed to having one vendor so to speak in that. The second thing, hospice is much more fragmented than Home Health, although Home Health is quite fragmented, hospice is much more fragmented. So, our ability to offer hospice in multiple markets, you're going to have to partner anyway. And so what we we've – I think we found a very dangerous solution here where we can still be have a significant relationship with Kindred hospice through a minority ownership, and be able to then utilize that as a opportunity to integrate in the markets that they're at and integrate palliative as part of that, but still have the flexibility to offer it in a broader fashion. Obviously, as we think about where our priorities of capital and where we put capital, you know we were going to put it in the areas that had the most impact and where we can have the most opportunity for growth and we see home having a platform that has multiple different platforms to grow. And so when we think about capital deployment and efficiency of capital, I know, Frank, you've been following us a long time. I think you can say that that is a area that we're constantly looking at as not only the businesses we're in, but also how do we continue to generate above average returns, and the way where we deploy that capital as important to that.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you. Just to conclude the call, I’d like to just make a few comments. I think first, there's been a consistent question around, you know, basically, why didn't we raise earnings to be completely honest with you, be direct here. We have had a strong first quarter, but we are early in the year. I just want to re-emphasize that we continue to see the trends that we put in the first quarter as being continuing, but we want to make sure that we are able to see those trends through a longer timeframe before we make any kind of adjustments in our estimates there. And I hope the investors take that away. It's much more around – it’s just earlier, as Brian has said early in the game here. The second thing as many of you have said, I thank Brian for his just wonderful contribution over the seven years he's been here and I know he'll show up some place in healthcare and I think you'll – I'm sure that each one of you will invest in what he does on his next goal there. So, because he has delivered a lot of value to our shareholders and to our members and to our associates there. And then third, the quality of our earnings, our strategic advancement this quarter and over the many quarters previous to this couldn't have been accomplished without our 50,000 associates that are working every day on behalf of each one of you, and our providers and our customers there, and I want to thank them for that. So thank you and I hope everyone has a great day.
