Brian Kane: Good morning, Josh. It's certainly from our own data that we're seeing a slight uptick in admissions over the last few weeks and into April. There's no specific geography that we would point to. It's something that we continue to evaluate. I would note that interestingly, not only are the unit cost of these admits lower, which as I said in my remarks suggesting lower severity of claims, but also our outpatient utilization seems to be down and our pharmacy utilization is in line. And so it's very early really to ascertain exactly what this is telling us. It's just something that we thought it would be important to communicate because it's something that we're watching very closely, and it's something that we always watch very closely.
Brian Kane: Josh, I would say if this persists as we see it, it's not something that would impact guidance, but it's something that we watch very closely, obviously, to the extent there was a continued uptick and a greater uptick. That's something that would have an impact, but we're not seeing that right now.
Brian Kane: I think you outlined some of the major issues that we are focused. Concentra will pressure earnings by $0.11. With the share repurchases tax rates and the like it's probably about $0.04, so it's a $0.15 headwind coming into this quarterly call. Again, we feel comfortable about reiterating our guidance of $8.50 to $9.00. And really was going to drive that performance, as we said to the first question is where is utilization ultimately end up? And right now, we feel good about where we are, but that's something we're very focused on that will ultimately drive the year's numbers. I think the important point on the Concentra sale is it is a timing issue for us versus a long-term business problem. As we think about the sale, we think about it as that we are really allowing the company to redeploy assets that will advance us strategically at a price that we feel was a very good value for what we are doing, and now what we can do is take that and redeploy it, whether it's in capital structure alterations such as stock buybacks or acquisitions that will be more accretive long-term and strategically much stronger.
Brian Kane: I think as far as new members, I think really is consistent with what we expected in terms of coming into the market and actually feel reasonably good about the overall pool for what we received. With Georgia, there is no doubt, Matt, that there is something we are very focused on as you put in higher price increases or you're going to attract the wrong members. Part of that is going to go to product design in the middle tiers that we participate in. So we're very cognizant of that risk, and we're going to price appropriately.
Brian Kane: That's not a specific number for obviously competitive reasons. We wouldn't want to comment on it right now. I would say that certainly we have the 3Rs squarely in mind as we price for next year, we recognize there's one more year to go here with two of the 3Rs. And so we're going to price such that as I said in my remarks we can earn an attractive return on capital in 2016 and beyond. So we understand the dynamics of the market and the 3Rs and the pricing required to do that, and we'll take the necessary steps to make sure we get the right financial return.
Brian Kane: Yeah, I think is Jim said earlier, we wouldn't call any specific geographies. Where we were very focused was to see where we grew in particular markets and whether that more outsized growth was the cause of the slightly higher admits, and we haven't seen that, they're actually running pretty favorably. So I would suggest it's a broad-based phenomenon that we're watching very closely.
Brian Kane: To your question on enrollment declines, we made the strategic decision a year or so ago, and I think we talked about that that with the large group business, we're going to wind that down over the next several years, because we are not a national player, and we can't compete in that space. But we are focused on what we call our sweet spot of smaller case sizes. And over the last six months, we performed reasonably well with our sweet spot focus. You may recall that in the fourth quarter, we grew very nicely with our smaller, focused business. This past quarter, we have seen some shrinkage in our fully insured smaller case of membership, as a lot of our competitors are implementing their new rates relative to community rating, and we are seeing a little bit of an aggressive posture in some of the states that we do business. That will ultimately change over time, and we think that that will work itself out. We feel very confident with our focus on the smaller case size. Over the next several years, we're going to be evaluating our Group business and again feel very good about its prospects for continued profitability, and it serves very nicely as a complement to our focus on local market scale. We talk about that with our Medicare business, our individual business car Medicaid business and our Group business, in certain of what we refer to as bold move markets. So again, we feel very confident with our ability to compete and win with a smaller case size. Hopefully you will see that play out over the next several quarters. I think even as the results show this quarter, we really have a three-pronged approach within Group. One is around continuing to increase our efficiency within the Group sector, and you can see that as you see our cost ratios coming down. The second is to focus on where we probably have a better value proposition, and that's in the Small Group is what Jim talked about, our sweet spot, and begin to start exiting relationships that are not profitable for us and that traditionally is the larger ASO model. And then the third is to continue to migrate customers to more of a consumer choice model within the markets that we are at, and that would be both a private exchange and public exchanges as we see that being both a long-term trend, and frankly, I think where we can even add more value with our retail capabilities that we've had in the past.
Brian Kane: As we said, the PBM, we're going to evaluate, and it's under continued evaluation. We've provided some updates in the past, but the full update will be in the third quarter of this year.
Brian Kane: As respect to the state of Georgia, which we've talked about a couple of times, I wouldn't have said that it was adverse selection as opposed to the health condition of the entire population. We just have to price reflective of the health condition, and that may cause some of those members to move on to other plans, but we've got to get our pricing commensurate with the risk conditions that we're assuming, and we think that we've got a pretty good plan in place not only to increase pricing but also evaluate some of the products that are in the marketplace.
Brian Kane: I'm not sure I understand the question. There was – the prior-period development was positive this quarter based on 2014 in prior results. It was less positive than it was last first quarter in 2014. That was largely expected for the reasons I discussed, i.e., it was a very high PPD quarter in the first quarter of 2014, and we implemented some claims processing changes with front end review in Medicare that drove some of the change. Some of that was unexpected. So there is positive PPD in our numbers just less than there was last year.
Brian Kane: That comparison, change of premium versus change in claims payables, as we've discussed in the past is not something that we focus on. There are a lot of moving pieces that go into that number. As we have said, with regard to utilization, I wouldn't have made the statement as boldly as you just made it with regard to overall utilization. What we pointed out, because it's important that we pointed out to be fully transparent is that we have seen that slight increase in admits over the recent weeks, and it's something that we're waiting to see how it plays through our claims lags over the coming months. As you know, it takes a few months for those to work through, but I wouldn't have made the overall statement that utilization is up. Remember that our admits are actually down year over year. Our trend benders are working as we've said and so I wouldn't read into it anything more than that. As you look for balance sheet quality and cash flow quality, the claims, the processed claims and unprocessed claims on a DCP basis are actually up, which I know is a measure that you and others look at. And when you look at our cash flow for the year, which is where we focus because of the timing of these working capital issues that I went through, other than the 3Rs and of course Concentra, we're actually reasonably in line. As you know, we took up our cash flow last quarter, and I think were it not for some of these other adjustments that I just discussed, we would be in pretty good stead there.
James Murray: Josh, just to build on what Brian talked about and the reason that he specifically addressed it in his opening remarks is as we saw this, we began to dive into a lot of the information relative to new members and what we call concurrent members. And actually the new members that we just, that just join the plans, which were fairly significant, we're seeing actually better utilization than the concurrent members. So that gives us comfort that there wasn't an issue with any of the markets that we grew in. A lot of the deep dives that we're doing, and there's a lot of work that we're trying to pull together, would suggest that there are some respiratory issues that we're facing. So that leads us somewhat to a conclusion that it's maybe a longer extension of the flu, but a lot of work needs to be done to get our arms around it, but we feel very confident about how it's progressing, and we feel good about a lot of the things that we do from a process perspective. This looks like an isolated incident.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. It would be 2017, and as many of you know, we're in the process today and for the next several weeks of finalizing a lot of the work related to the benefit year 2017. The threshold elimination puts a little bit of pressure and what that would translate into is the number of members that are in four-star or greater plans. A lot of the feedback that we are getting; we have a team of people that comes before us every Friday to talk about the progress that we are making around a lot of the tactical steps that are part of this whole process that goes over this two-month period. We feel very good about where we are positioned. Some pressure related to the elimination by CMS of the threshold, but frankly, feel pretty good about how things are playing out this year, and we should be favorable positioned relative to the competition, because we like a lot of the good work we do around the STARS program.
James Murray: Peter, this is Jim. I will take your question, and we wondered how long before you would dial-in. With respect to Georgia, as Brian said earlier, one of the things that we did at the very beginning was to take our individual legacy business and do relativities to our small group block of business, because that was a guarantee issue population. We thought that was fairly close to what might ultimately happen on the exchanges. And after that, and that was done local market by local market, we evaluated morbidities across a national basis with the help of an outside consulting actuarial firm. And as a result of that overall evaluation from a national perspective, we lowered some of our markets and expected morbidities. And with respects to Georgia, while other markets turned out just fine relative to that pricing philosophy, Georgia didn't. Another part of the Georgia issue has to do with the platinum plans, which you have asked about in the past. One of the things that we're seeing with the platinum plans is that the philosophy or the strategy that we've enumerated in the past with you and others is that you need to have documentable risk conditions for the members that are heavier utilizers, and as we study the Georgia population, as we're doing some of our risk adjustment work, we're seeing that the Georgia population, although heavier utilizers, don't have documentable risk conditions, which doesn't allow us then to get risk adjustment for them. And as a result of that, as Brian said, not only in Georgia but also in other states, we're evaluating that requirement as it respects our platinum plan strategies going forward, and you'll see us take some actions relative to that.
James Murray: Well now we have a lot more actual claims information on which to set pricing, and so as we've done with all of our other products over the years, we're using actual claims to set our pricing, and so our pricing will be consistent with our desire that this block of business will produce a satisfactory return. A lot of what we've done up to this point has been models and estimates based upon other lines of business. Now that we've gotten some real claims information relative to not only 2014 but 2015, that's how we will set our pricing going forward, and we feel very confident on our ability to properly set the right rates.
James Murray: We're going to evaluate that market-by-market and to the extent that it doesn't make sense because of what I talked about relative to documentable risk conditions. We'll evaluate that, and we'll act accordingly.
James Murray: I don't think our posture has changed relative to what we look at going forward. I think we continue to believe a partnership model in Medicaid makes sense in most states, if not all states, and we'll continue to do that. We do look at states where we have existing membership, and as their RFPs come out, we want to participate in those RFPs, and that really has been the standard direction and strategy for us. And our existing Medicaid results continue to meet expectations and continues to grow quite nicely, and so as we look at going forward, we continue to believe that the Medicaid platform is a platform that has partnership, a partnership model in states that we are operating at within today.
James Murray: Well I would say it's going to impact the 3Rs for this year just given where we are with our performance and the like. When people go out-of-network, those are higher costs than we had anticipated and that drives the receivables. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are working with these out-of-network providers both in terms of the reimbursable fees that we pay them in the fee schedules, contracting with them and the like, and it's also a matter of educating our members as to their product, the product that they have. I would say we believe very deeply in the strategy of having these high-value networks that allows us to drive very affordable and attractive pricing to our members. And so those are really the puts and takes. It's a combination of provider and member education. So...
James Murray: Well I would say with the providers, there will be financial impacts and financial incentives to ensure that we pay the appropriate levels of reimbursement for what we call our non-par or nonparticipating providers. I should note it's a small number of members that are utilizing the benefit out of network. To some extent, there might be some product design in terms of higher out-of-pocket costs for members who tend to go out of network, and that's something that we would be evaluating for next year. But I think the combination of provider education, provider contracting, as well as member education and some tweaks in the product design, it's a problem that we think we can get our head around and saw for next year and frankly, the back half of this year as well.
James Murray: To Brian's earlier point, many of the markets are performing well, we've got some problems in the state of Georgia that we plan to address with our pricing and product design.
James Murray: Yes. Again, Ana, if you look at our retail MER's for the quarter, and you adjust them for prior periods, they're actually down from prior quarters. So I think that's important to note. As we said, in the prior period we did have a pretty materially impact on our numbers. A lot of it was expected; some of it wasn't car related to the flu and the like. But, when you look at the MER's, we feel pretty good about where we are on an incurred basis from an MER perspective. As I said, they are actually down. So I hope that answers your question.
James Murray: I was going to say that the 3Rs truly help us in that regard, and it's higher than we anticipated for the reasons that we went through.
Bruce Broussard: It's something we continue to evaluate. We certainly evaluate all of our medal tiers and try to understand where the utilization is coming from, particularly in Georgia where we've seen that. I think it's fair to say that we're going to continue to evaluate as we go into 2016 our participation in the various middle tiers. And certainly our pricing will reflect the increased morbidity we are seeing in that block. I would also say that the out-of-network utilization is something that we think we can address in short order, and so that will not be a recurring issue going forward.
Bruce Broussard: I would say the former. It's something that we lightly enforce as we're coming into this program with new product, with new customers; it was something that they were going to get accustomed to the product design. Over the next few months, it's something that we will enforce the policy that exists, and that really, as I said my remarks, goes both to working with providers to the out-of-network providers and some of the reimbursement levels that we pay them as well as educating our customers as to the product that they bought. We believe strongly that the strategy that we've pursued is one that allows our customers to have a very affordable and compelling product, and as we educate them, we think we will be able to get that out-of-network utilization under control.
Bruce Broussard: And, A.J, I think it's important to keep in mind that it is a relative measurement, and so our performance is highly predicated on everyone else's performance. And I think as investors have seen over the past few years, our clinical capabilities have really outperformed the industry as a whole, and we continue to be confident that we will be able to continue to outperform even as these changes persist.
Bruce Broussard: Sure. Well as you'll see in the Healthcare Services segment guidance, we did adjust the revenue numbers and the like to comport with a divestiture of Concentra. I would say more broadly that as I said in my remarks, that business is performing extremely well. Membership is growing pretty dramatically based on largely our Medicare Advantage and PDP growth, but we're also seeing better engagement with our members both from a mail-order perspective on the pharmacy, which is very important, but also with Humana At Home as our analytical capabilities continue to identify people who would benefit from our Humana At Home capabilities. And so the combination of those is really driving that performance. So we feel very good about the range we have out there for Healthcare Services pre-tax.
Bruce Broussard: We appreciate the support the shareholders are providing us. We recognize that this quarter is a complicated quarter as a result of our Concentra sale, as a result of some of the changes in the comparison. But we do believe it is a quarter that continues to reconfirm the organization strategy around our growth in retail and in addition the integrated delivery model. So in conclusion, as always, we thank our 60,000 associates that help us bring these results to life every day, and we appreciate the shareholder support. So thank you, and we look forward to continuing our conversations later. Thank you.
