Brian A. Kane: Sure. Good morning, Peter. On the guidance side, we didn't actually give guidance of the third quarter last year either. What we're trying to give investors a broad direction of what we see 2018 to be. But there are still a lot of things that are going to happen in the next few months and we think it's appropriate and prudent to give guidance on the fourth quarter call, and that will be our practice going forward. With regard to individual MA growth, really the reasons that I discussed in my opening remarks relating to the stability of benefits that we provided for our members and investing in certain markets where we believed we had a high right to win. And as we think about our value proposition and as we see the competitive data, we feel good about the range that we provided this morning.
Brian A. Kane: Sure. So, with regard to the range, what we said was, our initial guide at the high point will be a bit below our 11% to 15% range. So a bit below 11%, so it's not below the midpoint. It would be way too early to comment on 2019 since we haven't given 2018 guidance. The only thing I would say is that, given the HIF return in 2018, that's a particularly large headwind that we've had to deal with. I mean, a $1 billion non-deductible fee is a very big number. And so that's been a major issue that we've had to grapple with and it really affects our customers and affects our earnings performance.
Brian A. Kane: Okay. Again, we've invested our outperformance in 2017 into the product design, which gets us to below that 4.5% to 5%. And that's really what's driving it. Again, we're facing very significant headwinds, as I've mentioned a few times with the HIF. We've I think done a good job of offsetting a lot of that headwind with very significant productivity savings that we've been very focused on and driving in 2017. I think you'll see that ultimately in our 2018 guidance. But that's really the rationale for driving below the initial targeted range of 4.5% to 5%. I'm trying to remember now the second question. Justin, remind me the second question.
Brian A. Kane: Sorry, right. So to be clear. Sorry about that. So, on the trends side, what I was referring to was the Commercial business trend. Trends continue to run favorable to pricing. But consistent with where we were really last quarter when we gave the updated guidance, nothing has really materially changed from what we saw last quarter. But on the Commercial side, we have seen continued lower trends and that's why we were able to improve our pre-tax guidance. And, again, I really wouldn't want to comment too much on attrition embedded in our numbers. I would say that we feel very good about our attrition levels. I'm just not going to comment at this point. It's way too early to give a sense of where attrition will be.
Brian A. Kane: I would say, Matt, it's really consistent. I think the business continues to perform quite well. We feel good about all the initiatives that we're pursuing. We made the decision at bid time to invest the outperformance into our 2018 product design. We believe that was the right decision to create long-term sustainability. We also believe it's important to continue to invest in the business, which is what Bruce and I have talked about in our remarks. And so we're going to continue to do that. But I would say that nothing has really materially changed in our business outlook from this quarter from last quarter.
Brian A. Kane: It's really hard to comment on how CMS calculates the numbers. I would tell you that what we've seen the last two years on the Individual side is a little bit less than 6% growth. For us, that's not an unreasonable way to think about market growth this year. But, obviously, we'll see where the data shakes out. But there's nothing that's meaningfully changed this year that would change that growth rate.
Brian A. Kane: Okay. Yeah. I mean, look, it's an interesting dynamic in South Florida. Those rates have continued to be ratcheted down over the last few years. We've seen that multiple years in a row. I would tell you to-date that the competition really hasn't changed fundamentally the benefit design there. And so, as a consequence, I think people have just had to get better and better to continue to drive profitability. But there's no doubt that profitability has been reduced in the Provider segment because of those actions. We've also adjusted some of our contractual terms with our providers to help ease that transition and been very thoughtful about our benefit design and working with our provider partners. But net-net, it has had an impact on our overall profitability in that region in the Provider business. As it relates to growth, as I said, I think the carriers and us included, I think have tried to be very prudent about how we deal with these rate declines and still offer compelling value proposition to members. And that's allowed us to continue to grow. I would tell you that were it not for those rate reductions, we would grow more. There's no doubt about it. But we've done everything we can to try to minimize the impact on the customer.
Brian A. Kane: Good morning, A. J. So, on the $11, what the $11 reflects is the 2017 outperformance. So effectively what that does is it takes into account the PPD for 2017 as we start our baseline. But as you think about 2018, when we grow off that $11 base, we're not going to assume the same level of PPD that's occurred. So that's the distinction we make between the 2017 PPD that's effectively reflected. That outperformance is reflected in taking the baseline back to $11, but the 2018 guide will not assume the same level of PPD that we've seen in 2017. So hopefully that makes sense.
Brian A. Kane: On the mail order side, I would separate the mail order reduction we've seen and some of the broader questions that you're asking. It's hard to know exactly what's driving the mail order reduction, particularly for the new members. We think it might have something to do with benefit design. It could have something to do with just the nature of the risk that we're attracting versus the competition and where perhaps the higher utilizers are going. I think overall we're benefiting from a health plan perspective in terms of the risk dynamic we're seeing, but it has had an impact on the Pharmacy profitability. More broadly to your question on strategic reviews and costs. We constantly are looking for opportunities to drive costs out of the system. We continually review our cost of goods. We continue to look at our cost to fill. And I will tell you that the Pharmacy team really does a fantastic job of being best-in-class in both of those areas as we look at the opportunities that are out there. But as we've said multiple times, we are not wedded to any particular philosophy with regard to if we can find opportunities to drive out costs the system, we will do that. But what's critical for us is that the Pharmacy is a critical clinical engagement opportunity and mechanism with our members. And so that can't change. But as it relates to costs, we are always open-minded. And I will tell you, these guys do a great job of driving best-in-class cost of goods for our plan and for the Pharmacy.
Brian A. Kane: I don't know if I'd use the word irrational. But I think it's fair to say that our competitors view Medicare Advantage as an exciting growth area. I think they've invested a lot to grow their platforms and to expand their positions across the board, and it's just something that we're going to have to deal with. I think we feel good that we are really in the Strike Zone of where the growth of Managed Care is happening. We believe that we have superior clinical programs and the right operating model to capitalize on that growth. But there's no doubt that we're facing a much stronger competitive environment. And I would say that's been compounded by the fact that we have this massive Health Insurance Fee that's returning in 2018. That impacts the customer and it impacts the industry. And so, I think those two factors have required us to take significant action, which we've done this year, and invest some of the outperformance that we've had this year into our 2018 benefit design. But long term, I will tell you we feel very good about how we're positioned.
Brian A. Kane: I would say – so, these are big numbers. Ultimately, at the end of the day, our savings initiatives will run into the hundreds of millions of dollars for 2018. And I would say some of that is in G&A. Some of that will show up actually in our MER because of the nature of the associate base that's being impacted. That actually gets classified as an MER expense. I think it's fair to say that when you look at our adjusted operating cost ratio next year, when you pull out the HIF and other things that you will see a reduction for sure. And we'll obviously give more color on that on the fourth quarter call.
Brian A. Kane: At this stage, we're not prepared to talk about the specifics around capital deployment. I think you've seen our willingness to deploy capital in buying back stock, and we will continue to do that. And similarly, on the M&A side, it's really not something that we're prepared to give any more color around today. Although then, just referring back to Bruce's opening remarks that we actively look for assets that advance our strategy. And we're going to continue to do that because it's important to do that. I would tell you that if we found an M&A opportunity that advanced our strategy, that would take precedence over share repurchase if it made sense to do that. But we're very committed to share repurchase. You see that we have leverage capacity in our balance sheet. We're at 30%, 31% debt-to-cap. We have ample parent company cash to accomplish our objectives. And so we won't be shy about deploying our capital, obviously maintaining our investment-grade rating, which is also very important to us.
Brian A. Kane: Yeah, we typically in our guidance waterfalls, we'll call out for you exactly what relates to capital deployment. So, yes, we will do that.
Brian A. Kane: Morning, Christine. So, I'm not prepared to comment on giving Individual segment guidance. I think there are pluses and minuses on the Healthcare Service side. Obviously, you mentioned MA growth. That's obviously a positive. I've talked about some of headwinds on the Pharmacy side with regard to PDP growth, et cetera. So, I'm not prepared really to give segment-level specific guidance at this time. But obviously, we'll comment extensively on that on the fourth quarter call. With regard to group MA, we've been very clear that we're going to maintain pricing discipline on that. As we've said before, our margins in group MA are not 4.5% to 5%. That is not a target margin Group MA. It is below that. But I think we feel pretty good about our Group MA business. I think the team is doing a really nice job of finding opportunities where we can earn a good return on capital. And again, being very disciplined in some of these larger accounts where we can drive profitability as well as customer satisfaction. So, I think we feel very good about the positioning of our Group business.
Brian A. Kane: Typically, in the larger accounts that there's a specific adjustment for the HIF, particularly the jumbo accounts. But that obviously impacts overall growth in the space, but also potential willingness of a Group account to actually choose Group MA. So, there's some impact there. But it is, I would call it, a very transparent market, particularly at the large end. And so, the HIF is well known and it's discussed.
Bruce D. Broussard: Really throughout 2017, we have been oriented to improving the productivity of the organization. And it's really to create capacity, both to be competitive in the marketplace from a benefit design point of view for our customers. And, as everyone knows, there's a continued need to invest in the business for long-term competitive positioning, whether it's in technology or it's in areas that are building capabilities, like in our Provider area or even in our Home area, which helps us with clinical outcomes. So I wouldn't say it was really a planned process that we went through over the year. It came together at the end and the last month or so. But I would say that we've been working on these productivity initiatives really even before the Aetna transactional termination. And so, I wouldn't call it anything but just continuously trying to improve the productivity of the organization and reinvesting those dollars in our customer and reinvesting those dollars in the infrastructure of the company.
Bruce D. Broussard: We have notified the majority of the individuals. So, first, let me back up, Ana, a little bit. As I mentioned, we've been doing this throughout the year. So, we've had reductions that have begun to show up in our financial numbers probably starting in the second quarter or so. But this particular reduction will show up in the first quarter of 2018 as we transition the individuals out. The full transition would be done by the middle of January.
Bruce D. Broussard: A.J., you did further ask the question around leveraging pharmacists and the ability to close gaps. We do think that pharmacists serve an important role in the clinical interaction with our members. And then today, in fact, we have quality contracts with a number of retail chains that allow that benefit to both encouraged pharmacists at the counter to do it and in addition to get rewarded for any kind of improvement in quality and clinical outcomes. In addition, we are continuously adding pharmacy locations to our provider areas where we will have a pharmacy inside our Primary Care Clinics. And again, it's leveraging that moment of influence that the pharmacist has. We are finding mixed results in our relationships with the retail pharmacies. In the clinical outcomes, we find where it's convenient and it's more in a clinical setting, it's more effective than it is in the retail setting. But I think that's also just the time that the pharmacist has at the counter to be able to have that engagement.
Bruce D. Broussard: I would just add to that. I think as you look at the trajectory of the industry, it has a very strong demand trajectory. But I would also say that I think even on our investments we're making today that the competitive nature is going to evolve. And we think the competitive nature is going to continue to evolve to be much more oriented to a clinical approach as opposed to just from an insurance and pricing point of view. And as you look at our investments, it's really focused on how do we continuously proactively help people with, especially chronic members, in managing their conditions. And I think long term, all organizations to be in this business are going to have to have some really clinical strength. And we believe in the short run, we have to meet the competitive natures of pricing relative to the number of players being in the marketplace. But long term, we have to invest and build those clinical outcomes. And it's the combination of those two things you see the organization doing.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yeah, I'll take that. I think it really is across the organization. There wasn't one area that was impacted both geographically or from a department point of view the organization. Really, as Brian has mentioned, is we're looking for productivity improvements throughout the company. So, I wouldn't say it's one specific area related to any one initiative we have. In regards to the investment side, is it investing, is it going to the shareholders or is it going to benefits? I would say it's fairly, it's fungible and it sort of goes through all that. I think we've continued to manage in how do we invest in the business for long-term sustainability and compete in the local marketplace, how do we continue to have a competitive market offering. And if you look at our market offering, you'll see that we're not the cheapest in the market. So we're constantly trying to ensure that we're not giving the product away and our brand and all the things we do from a customer experience point of view wins the customer over. And then at the same time, we also look at the ability to invest in the advancement of our initiatives. And I would say it's sort of all those items. I wouldn't say we did it just to fund a particular initiative. We really worked through saying, how can we be competitive? How can we meet the long-term goals of our shareholders? And, at the same time, how do we ensure that we are productive in being able to also invest.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yeah, I would tell you that we cherish the trend bender area. And I would tell you a lot of what we've done is to look at where are the areas that are less where it is not as impactful. But the trend bender area is a very important part. And as you can tell from the script that I outlined, we are investing in the areas that we feel will affect the chronic conditions and really bring alive longer term-trend benders. And so investors should not worry about that. That is a passion of ours that is continuing to ensure that our clinical programs our advanced.
Bruce D. Broussard: We have multiple sources of information, both clinically, which are coming from claims based to electronic medical records information, which also includes coming from notes within the Electronic Medical Records. So, you see that one side. But on the other side, we also pull a significant amount of consumer information, both from as much we can get from public, but also in the interactions that we have with our members. So we look at how they're using the digital, from the Pharmacy point of view, what are the using the Pharmacy area, how they're using or are they using mail-order, are they using our Retail? And that gives us a lot of information about how their preferences on engaging in their healthcare. And so, I would say that there's a whole host of ways we go about bringing the analytics to the forefront. In regards to the question on analytics and from a human resource point of view, we have over the last number of years, and we really haven't brought it out to our investors, have invested significantly, both in the Consumer Analytics and also in our Clinical Analytics. And I think people would be very surprised at the depth of our analytics capability today. We're always adding and expanding our clinical capability. It's just part of our normal planning cycle and our HR recruitment area. And so, I would say that, yes, to answer your question, that we will continue to be investing in that area. But I would say today, we are in this area of predictive analytics and contextualization of the member, I would say we're fairly advanced in both from our competitive point of view, but I think in the industry in general.
Bruce D. Broussard: I don't think I would do that. I think both from a competitive point of view and in addition we don't disclose that kind of detail.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, thank you. And, again, thanks to all our investors that support the organization over the years. You've been part of us. And lastly and as importantly, I'd like to thank our talented Humana team members, which really make these results possible. And so, we appreciate it. And this will be the close of the call. Thank you.
