James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. Those investments signal that for those 2 businesses that we will likely lose money in 2014 to very different reasons for each of the 2 different businesses that we're getting into. But those investments are included in the administrative costs related to those businesses and some of the other medical expense ratios related to those businesses. And we can walk you through why in each of those, we feel the need to put up that investment. As it relates to the state-based contracts, you've seen us win a lot of contracts here recently. As we win more of those contracts, it requires us to invest in more people to deliver on the services that we're contractually obligated for. Things like care coordination and chronic management, long-term care support services. Hiring those people ahead of the revenue related to the individual contracts is a part of the investment spend related to the state-based contracts. As Bruce mentioned in his remarks, another element of the investment in the state-based contracts is some of what we're contractually obligated to, obviously, is to improve the cost structures related to those different programs. And we've looked at some of the assumptions that are a part of our pricing analysis. And obviously, we feel comfortable with what we're able to accomplish, but when you start that in the first month, obviously, you're not going to be as capable, particularly in some programs like long-term care that is new to us. And so we've prudently concluded that it will take some period of time for us to get up to speed on some of those. So those 2 pieces relate to the state-based contracts. As it relates to the exchanges, I will tell you, it's a lot related to what we see happening in the market place today that you're all very, very familiar with. There's a problem with the enrollment. And because of that, the likely enrollment that we'll receive will be changed from what we thought when we did our initial pricing. We're waiting for guidance from the government around whether they're going to change mandates, whether they're going to do things to extend enrollment periods. And so because of the -- what's happened, we've had to step back and say, "Gosh, what could happen given the risk mix that might happen or come to us because of the confusion out there." And so we've stepped back and we've concluded that we need to be more conservative in our estimates related to the profitability of that line of business. And our estimate is part of the investment that we talked about here this morning.
James E. Murray: And just to be clear, we feel very bullish about both of these opportunities, and that's why we've invested so dramatically in them. And Bruce showed you a slide in his remarks about where these ultimately could result. So again, we feel very good regardless of what's happening as we speak, in terms of the exchange opportunity.
James E. Murray: Justin, every time I answer one of your margin questions, I get yelled at after-the-fact. I think the guidance that we provided on the guidance sheet is what we'd like to ask you to look to.
James E. Murray: And I'll just throw in real quickly that those investments that we're making on the core Medicare business are going to be ultimately utilized to service the state-based contracts as well as the Humana exchange business that we're going into. So we're going to leverage those across all of these revenue opportunities, which is also a really good thing for us.
James E. Murray: Yes, the comfort level. To Bruce's earlier comments, looking out farther with 2015 and the funding levels and the premium tax or the industry fee is ways off. But we feel pretty good about what we're able to accomplish in terms of our focus on the infrastructure that we're building around the clinical capabilities. And Jim Bloem referenced many of these in his remarks, the focus on getting people into our Humana Cares program, to address them at their home, going into their home and identifying things that we can do to put them into some of the programs that we have at Humana, and a lot of focus around how we can provide more touching of our members as time goes on. We feel it has benefited us this past year, and we're in the process of identifying those kinds of things that we need to focus on for 2015 and beyond. Obviously, the future growth potential for us is a function of what happens in Washington and the funding levels and we'll see how those play out. But we feel very good about our ability to control medical spend and improve quality for the people that we serve.
James E. Murray: We would say that when you put all of the industry fee and the funding changes and the secular trends on a sheet of paper, then you have to try to identify trend benders and other things that we do as an organization to offset the impact of those, all of which create our target -- go into creating our target margin. And so I would say that we were able to successfully pass through the impact of the industry fee to our Medicare book of business. However, explicitly sending a bill for that was not part of the equation, which is what happened with the commercial book of business.
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim Murray. We're very excited about our growth potential, and in large part, because of what happened to us in 2012. We went through that situation where we had the new member growth in 2012. And as we tried to understand what happened in 2012, we identified a number of initiatives that we should embark on, which helped, quite frankly, to get us prepared for this 2014. Getting people into programs faster and creating the analytical tools to enable us to do that is a big part of what helped to get to where we're at for 2013 and what we expect to happen in 2014. So because of what happened in 2012 with us and the new members that we got in 2012, we've developed a number of things that are part of our clinical program that we feel very, very comfortable with and are very, very excited about the growth potential that we've shared with you here today.
James E. Murray: Can you go into a little bit more detail on specifically what you're -- I'm not sure I'm understanding...
James E. Murray: I think when we talked a couple of calls ago, we highlighted that with funding -- this is for 2014, with funding cuts and the industry tax and secular trends, that we were looking at trying to overcome about an 8% or thereabout cost reduction. And what we detailed back then were the trend benders around home care program: the transition program that Jim Bloem referenced and I think Bruce Broussard referenced; the in-home assessments, which are the early identification of folks who could go into some of our clinical programs; contracting, both facility and pharmacy contracting; the growth of risk-sharing contracts and getting some of the providers that we work with to modify their behavior around quality and cost; some of the programs where we did HRAs much more timely and got people identified that might benefit from some of these programs, that was a big part of our trend bender work that we've detailed before. The MRA work that we do every year, like a lot of our competitors, is a big part of how we offset some of that 8% that I talked about. One of the things that goes lost in this discussion, we talked a lot about 2013 bids and the premium and benefit changes that we made for 2013 because of our 2012 problems, well, actually the 2014 premium and benefit changes were very similar to that which we did for 2013. But what we were fortunate enough to have is all of these other things where maybe some of our competitors did not. And so when you put all those pieces together, we feel very good about how we've attacked that 8%, and now, we need to do that again for 2015. But we're into a rhythm there and we feel very good about the process that we've created to do that.
James E. Murray: And not to pile on, Matt, but we're pleased with the current year PPD because, as you know, when you do a bid for 2014, you start with your 2012 base level. And to the extent you see favorable development during 2013, it makes you feel better about 2014's achievability.
James E. Murray: And the other thing that I would add would be that a lot of people who are a lot smarter than me have done fairly sophisticated models and they've studied the impact of risk adjustment and the risk-adjustment process, as it respects the older age levels. And they've gotten themselves pretty comfortable that the slope between the different metallic tiers is pretty reasonable. And so we're actually fairly positive about folks who might come to us in those higher metallic tiers and our pricing reflects that. Some of our competitions seems to have also picked up on that, while others of our competition didn't seem to spot that opportunity. So we've stepped back and we feel really, really good about our pricing in many of the markets that we're in.
James E. Murray: I'm not sure I'm going to specifically answer your question. I'll give you some thoughts. Steve earlier mentioned that both of the investments are significant for purposes of thinking through how you may split those apart in your own mind. I would tell you that the folks that we have that are very smart have stepped back and said, based upon what's been happening of late, what might this population that we get look like, and they talked about using a COBRA population. And many of you are familiar with COBRA, and people who buy COBRA are likely in need of those kinds of benefits. And so they studied that COBRA population. And they said, were we to get a population off the exchange because of some of what has happened, it looks like for COBRA population, this is what could happen. And that's reflective of some of the investment spend that we've shared with you here today.
James E. Murray: Sure. All the contractual stuff that I talked about earlier is obviously done and in the can. What we're doing relative to some of these other programs is we've got a team of actuaries. You may have heard us detail on our Friday meetings, our trend bender, our 15% solution meetings. We have a team of actuaries who is constantly studying how we're doing on each and every one of these programs that we've talked with you about in the past. And they continually tell us that the investment that we make in those that we've shared with you in the past is producing the results that we had anticipated. As we grow that membership and enrollment in all of those programs, we have the actuaries go back and restudy that. And so as long as we get to the growth in those programs that we think is necessary to get to the 2014 levels and we're very close, I would tell you that we feel very good based upon a lot of smart actuaries looking in the rearview mirror about the beneficial effect of these programs. And so I sit here today pretty confident that what we talked about for 2014 will come to fruition.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray, you've asked the hardest question to try to figure out, to be as brutally honest as I can be. Given where we're at today, our assumption is that there will be an extension to the open enrollment period. If there is not, then some of the numbers that we put out there would probably be in question. So we expected a 500,000 sale result as a result of the exchanges, initially, because of what happened, we've seen some guidance from a lot of government entities and what-have-you, suggesting that, that might be cut in half. We devaluated that, and that's kind of where we're at, around 200 to 250. Again, it all is an impact of how long the enrollment period stays open. From the other side, from off-exchange, we expect that there will be some deterioration in our existing membership. We've had to send out some letters. Some of those letters were to change the effective date of the plan. Some of the letters, like you've seen in the press, had to do with the cancellation of those particular policies because they weren't ACA compliant. We've taken all of that and we've done, frankly, our best guess at what the enrollment might be. But I will tell you that -- and there's a wide range, but I will tell you that, that's the one projection on this page that I'm most up in the air about.
James E. Murray: What was your question on that one, Scott? I got so wrapped up in my answer on the first one that I forgot your second question.
Bruce D. Broussard: And Justin, just to add to that, I know our investors have really encouraged us to be active in the dual-eligible market. And I think over the last 18 months, we've had a strategy of building it as opposed to buying it. And I think in the long run, we will be much more successful and have a greater return to the shareholders as a result of our organic growth and the investments we're doing today. And I -- looking from the shareholders' point of view, I think Jim and his team have executed quite well in being able to win contracts. It's a sizable part of our -- could be a sizable part of our business in the short term. And we look at these investments in the dual-eligible side as just, as we say, it's right before the revenue generates as opposed to a long-term investment that we're making a bet on, we're just positioning the organization to service the business we've won.
Bruce D. Broussard: Justin, this is an important question, I know, for you. We are oriented to having industry margins in this business, standard industry margins. So as you look across the competitors, I don't think we'll be much different in that regard. I do think, because we're investing organically as opposed to buying, we're going to have a higher return over the long term. But the real key here is that we have a very big book of business that's going to come on over the next 18 months. And we have to prepare the organization to service that book of business. And therefore, we are -- I mean, that's what you see hitting the P&L is this preparation of the book of the business. I don't think we want to get into what the margin is in the first quarter versus second quarter versus third quarter. But we are targeting long-term sustainable margins in this business that are industry standard with the high return on capital because of our deployment is organic versus acquisition driven.
Bruce D. Broussard: That's correct. Or the other way to look at it is we will have revenue that will be offsetting those investments as opposed to having -- incurring the startup costs.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think it's hard for us to comment on '15. I'd like to sort of stay away from that. Just we're 16, 15 months out from there, so I'd like to stay away. But your point is a good one from the standpoint of what you see in us being able to keep Medicare Advantage affordable is really a result of our investments, as Jim was referring to around our clinical capabilities. And I think as you look at the strength of the organization, the strength of the organization is around the clinical capabilities, specifically in the integrated delivery model. And being able to utilize that both in Medicare Advantage that has positioned us well and being able to have an offering that allows us to grow the membership and also, obviously, be able to absorb the cuts that have taken in 2014, it also positions us well to take advantage of the opportunities in exchanges and in the dual-eligible side. So I would continue to focus on the long-term success of Humana or any organization in this industry, whether you're in Medicare Advantage or any other industry-related, is that you need to have depth in the clinical capabilities.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think just to build on the growth rate, as Jim was talking about, first, we assume a rationality in reimbursement going forward, and stability, because I think both for companies to invest and continue to advance the industry and be able to lower the cost of health care, you need to have a stable environment. But as you look at the end [ph] businesses that we are investing, and I really would like the investors to take away from this, we are investing in businesses that have a high degree of membership growth. And to me, when you look at individual exchange opportunities, the dual opportunity, the Medicare Advantage just from a demographic point of view but also from a penetration point of view, those are very high growth industries within our industry as overall basis. And I think as you look at the long-term growth opportunities for Humana, you should really look at the underlying businesses we're investing in.
Bruce D. Broussard: But I think it's the Humana Stars, not the industry Star that's reflected in that number. That was one of his questions.
Bruce D. Broussard: I'm going to try to take this real quick and see if I can answer, maybe between the 3 of us, we can do this. What you see is in the benefit ratios that we have that you do see on the retail side us forecasting a range that does show a decline, that is really coming and highlighting the benefit of our clinical programs that are impacting the clinical cost of what -- how we're able to help ensure that we were able to keep the benefits and the premiums at a flat rate at the membership level. Inherent in that is that we were able to overcome passing the tax back because we paid for it with lower cost of the clinical side, so -- in the Medicare side. So it's a little confusing because we didn't really pass it back, we kept the rates the same, we kept the benefits the same, but we're able to pay for that through hard work, through our 15% solution. And you see that in the metrics in the -- on the benefit ratios that we have.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think the big thing for us is most of the markets we went in with an effective network. And that has allowed us to be very price-conscious, or attract a price-conscious member. And so when you look at our pricing, you really need to look at the benefits [ph] of the package as part of that. And obviously, when you have an effective network, you're going to have a reduced opportunity for choice. And so we're looking for the members that are probably less oriented to selecting their provider in a broad way. And we think that those members will probably have less utilization in the particular markets that we're in.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, like always, we appreciate everyone's support for the organization and especially our associates, our 50,000 associates. We make this look easy as we talk about it, but they are hard at work helping our members and, obviously, helping grow Humana. So we thank all our associates. With that, I hope everyone has a great day, and we'll conclude.
Steven E. McCulley: Justin, this is Steve. No, I think the negative margin is part of the overall $0.70, so that's all -- that's an all-in number. And, again, in terms of long-term margins, as you know, we've talked about our ROIC and earning our cost of capital. And clearly, our expectation is to earn in excess of our cost of capital in these businesses. So -- and you know that the capital requirement in these businesses will be somewhere between, say, 9% and 12%, depending on the state and the HMO. So we will get to the target return, ultimately, in both these businesses. And then with respect to the number, both the duals investments that Jim talked about and the exchanges are both significant. I wouldn't say one of them is a lot larger than the other, just to give you a little guidance around the number. And obviously, the ranges around this number are pretty significant due to all the uncertainty with everything that we're talking about here. So you'll see pretty significant ranges around our individual membership guidance and our revenue guidance. And clearly, as we go through the next several quarters and even the next year, we'll continually update you on these -- on how we're doing in these businesses.
Steven E. McCulley: No, I think they're different, Josh. I think, number one, the investments we talked about in 2013 -- by the way, this is Steve. The investments we talked about in the first quarter were around clinical investments that we were making this year, and we've had similar ones the year before. But those clinical investments are enabling us to produce the results in the core business that we shared with you this morning for 2014. So that clinical infrastructure will continue kind of as part of the run rate. I think that was a reconciling item from what we originally started with in terms of 2013 guidance and where we ended up. But those investments are kind of building our infrastructure and become part of the core run rate that produced kind of the core business results that we shared today. When we look to the new investments that we're talking around, around these new businesses, they're clearly different. As Jim just described, we have a long-term revenue opportunity for both of these businesses that we are getting into. And with the duals business, it's largely startup costs. And as we get into year 2 and year 3 of those businesses, the margins will normalize. And on the exchanges, obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty around that business that we wouldn't expect to have long term. So they're clearly different types of investments.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. I'll take the first question. And I'm looking back to the -- I'm trying to follow your numbers on the growth in the core business.
Steven E. McCulley: Got it. I'm with you. Yes, so that's in terms of overcoming the industry fee, yes, that's correct. Yes, you're looking at that correct.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. I don't have the exact figures in front of me. I do -- as I recall the demonstration project going away from the Stars is around a negative 1.5 to 2 range. And the industry fee, as you know, kind of goes up from about 1.3% roughly in this year to about 1.75% or so next year. There's a nondeductibility aspect of that as well so that's about a 45 to 50 basis point increase in the fee and -- something in that range. And then, so you can kind of calculate those 2 and see how much of that bar is due to those 2, and everything else is kind of just a forecast of what we think may be in the normal CMS machine.
Steven E. McCulley: Let me make sure I understand your question, Peter. But I think there is more marketing spend in the fourth quarter versus, say, last year.
Steven E. McCulley: No, it may be a little bit more, not a huge amount more, but it's a little bit more. And again, we're starting to ramp up a little bit for the duals expansion.
Steven E. McCulley: No, I think that, that's mainly our -- that line item is mainly going to be our Medicare, our core business growth and all of the results from the duals are going to be down below in that investment number, is the way to think about that.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. So I think if you -- gosh, I think what we did in the chart -- in the earnings chart that's in the press release is we broke out just the nondeductibility aspect of that. So I think you can kind of take the numbers we've shared with you and assume that there's an industry fee of around, say, 130 basis points to 135 basis points would be a reasonable estimate. And if you assume a tax rate of say 36% and [ph] change, then you kind of gross that up and calculate the nondeductibility of that. And so I think that -- I think you can kind of do that off the chart is the way I think about it.
Steven E. McCulley: Let's see. I'm not sure. I'll think about that. But I would say on the -- with respect to the fee itself, on the commercial side, largely, we were able to pass a lot -- most of that through. There may be some limited instances where because of the MLR minimums in our small business maybe are a little bit -- we could be a little bit stressed on how much of the fee and the tax impact we could pass through. On the Medicare side, we think of the fee as a new part of our cost structure that goes into the calculus of the bids that we do. And it had to go in there with the rates and everything else that we do. And we had to achieve, ultimately, the target margins that we've -- that we shared with you today. So kind of I think of them as being a little bit different, but I don't know if that helps.
Steven E. McCulley: Yes, I'm not sure I follow that math, Kevin. I guess what I would do is if I look at the chart that's in the press release that rolls forward the EPS, in there is -- you can see the investments are in the -- and the exchanges and the duals are also all in that retail guidance. But in that, there's changes in core operating margins number. That's a positive $275 million. And in there, we also had to overcome the industry fee itself plus improve it by $275 million in order to hit the bottom line that's on the schedule. I don't know if -- and the nondeductibility aspect of that is over [indiscernible].
Steven E. McCulley: Matt, this is Steve. There's is -- it's not -- there's a little bit of operating cost improvement, as we've talked about. As we grow, we benefit from that scale. So I don't think we guide to that specific number, we guide to the segment in total. And -- but there is some improvement. I can't give you the exact number on that.
Steven E. McCulley: I think so. Remember that the $175 million of investments in the duals and the exchanges are also in that number, too.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve, I'll try to -- I'll start off. Again, I think just the way we think about it, what we said is that the $175 million or the midpoint of that range which is $0.70 is effectively going to be losses in those 2 businesses that result -- first of all, they're both significant. I wouldn't say that one's a lot larger than the other, so -- but the nature of them is different. As Jim described earlier, in the dual-eligible expansion, most of that is infrastructure startup before the revenue. As we're winning contracts, some members will come onboard. They don't all come onboard at the same time. They come onboard ratably throughout the year. And so we have to have our infrastructure in place ahead of the revenue. So -- and there may be a little bit of that investment as well in terms of getting our programs to be as effective, in terms of managing all the variables that we have to manage with the long-term support services and the duals and the chronic -- the members with chronic conditions. So getting all of that in place and up and running, think of that as mostly infrastructure that's temporary. And once the revenue gets up to the run rate, then there will be revenue to cover that cost. And then we'll start to approach the target margins that we plan to get to ultimately. On the exchange side, it's much more of a wildcard around how much membership we get and the risk of that membership that we get. And if you look at our range, our membership range was anywhere from negative 100,000 to positive 100,000, and the risk mix of that could be variable. So they're different. They're not that different in terms of the magnitude in size, but they're very different in their characteristics, if that helps.
Matthew Borsch: Can you help us understand how much operating cost improvement is part of your achieving your goals on the Medicare Advantage side, in particular. Is there any way you can help us sort of understand that in terms of how much percent, if this is accurate, you may be bringing down operating cost per member? And then I had a follow-up.
Matthew Borsch: I guess what I'm referring to is if you think about the per member cost for the traditional Medicare benefits.
Matthew Borsch: So secular trend might be, in any given year, in the low double digits, low- to mid-single digits -- sorry, low- to mid-single digits. But I think you've referenced bringing that down into negative territory for next year was my understanding anyway.
