Brian A. Kane: Sure. Well, good morning, A.J. As it relates to market growth, let me just provide a little context of how we view the market. This year being 2018, we expect the market to grow in, call it, the 7-plus percent range, maybe 7.5%. We'll see where it ends up. Again, I'm talking on the individual MA side. For 2018, it's conceivable that goes up modestly. We'll see where that ends. The reality is we don't have a lot of market data just yet. We have anecdotal data that suggest that we are taking market share from our competitors. And so the, call it, 8-plus percent to 10% growth that you cited, we do believe that that is a performance above market. We'll see where that goes. And obviously, we'll also see where we end up on our AEP results and our rest-of-year results. It's still very early. We feel very good about the 250,000 to 300,000 member target that we put out. And obviously, we're working hard to drive growth above that range. I would say on the margin side, again, without providing specifics on our margin, we remain, notwithstanding the significant outperformance this year, significantly below our 4.5% to 5% margin target in 2018. I mean, it's important to remember the context of that initial margin guide that we gave. We had a number of headwinds, including the HIF coming back, a difficult flu season, the fact that we actually grew faster than we initially anticipated, and as I said, the significant Tax Reform investments, which we reinvested in our associates and in our communities and in the integrated care delivery model. So we do expect to make nice margin improvement in 2019 off that 2018 base, which, as you indicated, is coming in above our initial guidance, but we still do expect to be below that target for 2019.
Brian A. Kane: Look, there's obviously always opportunity to continue to push the MER better. But as we think about the world, we really think about it in pre-tax margin terms because there's a lot of levers that we pull between the medical costs and then the operating costs. And as you know from coming into 2018, we spent a significant amount of effort across the company trying to drive down that admin spend. And we took out many hundreds of millions of dollars this year to fund that benefit design. And so I'd rather not comment specifically on the components between MER and AER. I would just reiterate our long-term margin target, which we're focusing in ultimately getting back to.
Brian A. Kane: So I'll point you back to the comments I just made on the various ratios. The only thing I would say on the operating cost ratio is that we continue to work on productivity initiatives, on process transformation across the enterprise to drive costs out of the system. It's I think really become part of the DNA of this organization that every year we're going to get better and better and drive productivity. If you look at our administrative costs on an apples-to-apples basis, if you adjust for mix, adjust for the health insurance fee, you'll see a pretty dramatic reduction year-over-year, again, taking into account also Tax Reform. You want to take, yeah.
Brian A. Kane: All right. In order. On the AEP/rest-of-year mix, we've generally assumed a similar mix in our budgets here in the forecast we gave. To the extent that the 5-star plan really takes off and with our value prop being pretty strong, hopefully we can exceed that, but I think it's prudent to assume a similar AEP, what we call, ROY, AEP/ROY mix, and we'll see where that ultimately goes. I wouldn't underestimate the importance of the 5-star contract, particularly being in Florida and Tennessee, these are markets where we have important risk relationships with our providers. They're very high-performing markets for us and there's obviously a lot of opportunity in those markets. So we're particularly excited about achieving 5-stars there. We'll see how that manifests itself into higher growth. On the retention rate, broadly, we've assumed a similar retention rate as we did in 2018. There are some tweaks here and there, but I'd say in the ballpark of similar. So as I said in my remarks, it's still pretty early on the retention side because typically, terms lag sales, and you don't really learn about a term until you hear from the other carrier that someone signed up there. So it takes a little longer to process. So we think we've done the appropriate thing and assume a largely consistent retention rate. With regard to the HIF, I'd rather not break out the HIF versus the other components. As we've said in multiple contexts, we really think about all the financial levers as one pool of dollars that we look to allocate out between growing benefits and helping our members in achieving growth as well as driving margin. So I'd rather not piece that out separately.
Brian A. Kane: Well, I think what we've seen – again, it's anecdotal and it's really hard to say because we don't have true industry data, but the broker chatter that we hear is that we are taking share from our competitors. So our sales being nicely above – in some cases, meaningfully above our existing market share. But, again, it's way too early to make that this positive because we just don't know where the industry is, and we obviously don't have visibility on all the sales that are occurring. But the early indicators are positive, that we're taking share.
Brian A. Kane: Yes, I think so. I mean, I would say it's a local market phenomena. We see in certain markets that there are certain players who tend to be quite aggressive and then there are other markets where it tends to be more rational. Frankly, you see that every year that there are some people who want to make a bet on a particular market for various reasons. And so I wouldn't say we've seen any difference in terms of rationality of pricing this year. Clearly, there's a lot of additional money coming from the health insurance fee being on holiday and some of the Rate Notice and other things. And so I think as an industry, benefits have improved. And I think it goes to the importance of the health insurance fee for our beneficiaries. And so from that perspective we have seen increased benefits, but I wouldn't say there's been anything irrational with some exceptions in certain markets. But that's really par for the course.
Brian A. Kane: Yes. I would say on the trend side, it's really consistent with what we've talked about the last few quarters in terms of this shift from inpatient to outpatient, that hasn't let up. We continue to see that. I would just say on 2019 trend, we try to be very prudent about the numbers we put in our bids, and so – but I'd rather not comment beyond that. We've obviously reflected what we've seen this year into the 2019 experience.
Brian A. Kane: Well, I think the Stars results obviously are very positive and I think indicative, as Bruce said in his remarks, of the quality focus that our organization has. And I think really, the great effort of the Stars team and working again across businesses and across silos and departments to drive a great result for our members, which manifest itself in better Stars. I think what you said is really important, obviously, in terms of where the Rate Notice ultimately shakes out and what happens with the health insurance fee. Those are really important factors as we think about what our 2020 ultimate bidding strategy will be and what that means for margin. So we're not prepared today to give 2020 guidance. We're just giving indicators of 2019, so we'll have to stay tuned for that. But I would just say, as Bruce said earlier in the call, that we're obviously very mindful of all the commitments that we have and goals that we have to drive both growth and margin.
Brian A. Kane: Yes. I would just say that we're still reviewing the proposed rule, but we believe the proposal does not satisfy actuarial equivalence as required under the Medicare statute. And again, it's a proposed rule and we certainly plan to comment. But as we've said before, we feel very confident around our practices in this area. And I would just leave it at that.
Brian A. Kane: Sure. Well, I'd sort of differentiate as two separate questions, one on formulary. I would say, we're very thoughtful on formulary. And obviously, there are a number of drugs that are protected and therefore they have to be covered. Others where we have the ability to incent one drug over the other, we use that as a way to what we call drive a trend bender and effectively get a better rate from the manufacturer, which we can pass back in the form of better benefits. And so I would say we're very thoughtful around our formulary approach. And we spend a lot of time on, obviously, ensuring that our members get the coverage that they need and us doing it in the most efficient and costly way possible. As it relates to PDP formulary is obviously a part of that. There's a whole host of things that go into PDP. As Bruce said, what we've seen is some aggressive pricing on the PDP side that we haven't been willing to chase. We think there is some cross-subsidization going on potentially, with we think, with some of the retailers there to drive people into the store that perhaps gives them a different perspective than we might have. We do view PDP as a pipeline into MA. That was a percentage of our MA sales. It's still relatively small, but it's still an opportunity that we see as potentially exciting. And I would say, going forward, we're certainly not surrendering the PDP market by any means. We're going to have to be innovative and differentiated. I think if you look back several years, we basically pioneered the low-price product through the Walmart plan. And that was really a revolutionary product in the industry that allowed us to get a number one market share, and our relationship with Walmart has been very strong. And so we got to continue to innovate and provide perhaps different kinds of benefits to our members and think through what will appeal to them going forward. But we're just going to be thoughtful going forward. We're not going to chase price, but we also want to grow the PDP business ultimately.
Bruce D. Broussard: Good morning, Ana. On the value-based question you had, what you're seeing is as much about the amount of physicians that are in value-based payments versus the quality. And what we've seen over the last few years is really our focus on improving where providers are being in the surplus and they're actually making more money off of the value-based payments. And that has been our orientation versus the volume, Ana. We don't report the surplus, but you would see, if we did a significant improvement in the number of providers that are in surplus payments.
Bruce D. Broussard: It's less about compensation. I think most of our competitors really pay the CMS max levels, that's typical across the industry. It's really about the support that you provide them. And really, we think about support in two buckets. One is the tools they have to interact with us and how easy is it to engage with us digitally as well as in other forms. So that when they try to understand the nature of their book, how they're doing, enrolling members who might have started an online application and how easy is it to finish, how easy is it to track, how they're doing from a results perspective, how quickly do we respond to requests that they need and support that they need, and then there's also marketing dollars and putting muscle behind that so that when they're out trying to drum up sales and leads, we're there supporting them. And then, there's the intangible element of a relationship where our Medicare leadership has done a wonderful job of driving those relationships. I think there's a personal bond there, which is very important in that business. And so I think when you look across the range of levers we can pull to drive those relationships, they've improved meaningfully. Part of it's a catch-up I would say because I think we were damaged, as we've said, by the Aetna transaction with the brokers, but I think we've more than made up for it.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, I think what you're saying is right. I mean, if you're particularly a healthy group and you're in a community-rated pool, you may not be getting the best rate. And so, we have seen a material uptick in our sales of what we call our ASO level-funded products, which is effectively self-funding with a stop-loss wrap to give them out-of-the-money protection in the event that the health care costs spike. We've seen that be particularly compelling. It's still too early really to comment on the association health plans. We'll see where those go, but we're actually quite bullish on this level-funded product and we've seen significant growth there. And it also, we think, plays to our strengths, which is our ability to understand risk and price it accordingly. So we're actually pretty bullish on that move.
Bruce D. Broussard: I would say, Peter, that it would be consistent with what we did this year and continue to focus on the improved productivity. I would probably disagree a little bit. We look at our spending in a pretty cautious fashion every year and I wouldn't say next year just because we have headwind – I mean tailwinds that we would be overinvesting. I think we continue to look at how we can improve margin and improve productivity in the company and at the same time, drive a customer value proposition that is competitive in the marketplace. So I recognize that the HIF is always a challenge to predict, but we as an organization look at that as a way to approach that would be continue to drive our productivity up.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yeah. I mean we continue to maintain committed to improving our margin growing at a market rate that is between 11% and 15% level, our earnings per share growth rate, and at the same time continuing to be committed to our value proposition in the marketplace. And every year, we are constantly trying to find that ability to meet all three of those. And I would consider 2020 no different than any other year that we have.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes. I think first thing that we've seen is that the convenience of the store is highly appreciative. We've seen that the traffic that goes into these particular clinics is more – has increased as a result of the location and just the branding of it. And so we find that just in its initial opening. And keep in mind, it's been open only about three weeks now, so we're very early in it. The second thing we do see is that, as a result of that increased interest, we do see Humana being more discussed as both from a health plan point of view, but also from just a primary care clinic point of view. So we are very positive and excited about the exposure it provides. And then in addition, we find that it does offer another opportunity for the Retail side where they've seen increased urgent care visits in the back of the store. The last thing that we've seen in early part is the fact that we are influencing people's health. We've seen similar stories as what I articulated on the call of being able to help people with financial needs and financing and getting support for their prescriptions. We've also seen the area in being able to help them and understand their benefits. And then in addition, in some of health areas, we've been able to influence their health decisions along with prescription management. And so we've seen the other areas of supporting the individual as being very positive. So, to summarize it, great exposure, we see more foot traffic. We see engagement being greater as a result of our health coaches being there. And then in addition, I think the Retail side is seeing some benefit as a result of that, both in the urgent care area, but I think in general part of the store.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yeah. I think we have a great relationship with both Walmart and Walgreens and we'll continue to build on that relationship. I suspect that we will do some other stores before we conclude on this particular offering as a result of the initial indication and the learnings from this. And I think being able to do a few more stores will also give us the confidence in being able to scale it.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yeah. I would characterize it as more business as usual. I think one of the reasons why you see such improvement in benefits is because we, I think as an industry, have invested back into the benefits both to be competitive but a number of things like HIF that should be included in the benefits. So I think you've just seen the continued belief that the areas that we can improve in whether it's our medical costs trend or in addition, the rate increases, or for that matter, the tax benefits that we've received. We'll be mindful about margin, but at the same time be mindful of being competitive in the marketplace. I think if you were to compare our benefits on a (00:52:56) value, you will see us be fairly competitive, but not be the cheapest. We've always tried to maintain to be at a level in the industry where we are in the tier to be selected, but not to be the cheapest in the marketplace. We feel our brand, our service and our longevity of stable benefits has always served us well over time, and we continue to see that being the case. The last thing I think is, over the last two years, we've invested in the benefits to overcome some of the deterioration that was taking place in the 2015, 2016 timeframe, especially during the Aetna transaction, and I think a little bit of last year was catch-up. This year put us in a competitive area, but I really would emphasize its competitiveness, but not overzealous.
Bruce D. Broussard: And similar to all our plans or all our plans, we're very conscious about having a balanced customer base that is from a condition point of view. And so when we think about it, we also think about it just from the type of customers we would attract to ensure that it has its proper pricing there. So in this particular case, we're not concerned about adverse selection.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think just in general, just to reconfirm our interest and continued growth in Medicaid, and it continues to be high as we believe and have continue to believe over the years that the dual population being highly chronic in the senior population and disability is a great market for us to serve with our clinical programs. We continue to believe that our organic capabilities, as proven by Florida and some other states that we've won, is very, very competitive and we will continue to do that. At the same time, we will continue to add our capabilities, and specifically in the procurement process, in areas and states that we feel is complementary to the existing membership we have and continue to be on the look out there. Specific to your question on the proposed rules that are being made, we do feel it provides more clarity around what the rules are and specifically that the state does not dictate of what a D-SNP plan is required that we would have more flexibility in offering D-SNP or related planning. And I think that clarity gives us more confidence that in certain states that we'll continue to be offering a D-SNP plan without having that procurement of the Medicaid side. But that doesn't deter us from still focusing on the Medicaid and continuing to focus on winning contracts both organically and when necessary and if – in the appropriate time be acquiring a Medicaid platform.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, like always, we thank everyone's support and investing and the confidence in the company. So thank you very much. And on behalf of the management team, we want to thank our 60,000 people that every day go to work to help support our members and the great job that they do. So thank you very much. And everyone have a wonderful day.
