James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray, Justin. We've shared with you in the past some of what we've seen with these new members. I would have said that the typical profile is 400 to 500 basis points different than the overall block of business when we first get these folks. One of the things, though, that Bruce shared with you this morning was that many of these new members are coming from some of our competitors' plans, which accelerates the revenue that we get for accurate coding of those members. And so we'll have to see how that plays out over time. So 400 to 500 basis points is a number that I would suggest that we'd seen historically. We haven't seen anything -- we've done a lot of work in the last month or so to evaluate what's been happening during the month of January, and we haven't seen anything in terms of the individuals that we were getting that would suggest that their risk profile is anything different than we've experienced in the past. We are seeing the better revenue related to these members because they're coming from a competitor plan, but I wouldn't tell you that we're seeing anything that would suggest anything negative relative to the claims exposure that we have as an organization.
James E. Murray: Sure, this is Jim again. Some of you have asked about Florida. We did receive a significant membership growth in Florida. It appears that one of our competitors significantly changed their benefit designs and premiums, as well as the network that they had in place prior to this year in the state of Florida. When we evaluate our benefit designs relative to theirs as we exist today, their benefit designs are still a little bit richer than ours. We felt very comfortable with the benefit designs that we had in place in Florida prior to this year. And I think we change benefits modestly because of a lot of the good work that we were doing around the integrated model and some of the other things that Bruce has talked with a lot of you about in the past. We're really excited about the fact that in Florida, 33% of the members that we grew are going into very effective risk relationships that we have with a number of solid risk partners in the state of Florida. And as with all of the membership that we've gotten in our MA block, we've done a lot of study around days per 1,000 pharmacy claims, clinical participation, the risk scores. And through the month of January, we feel very good about what we're seeing as respects not only the entire block, but in particular those related to the Florida growth that we saw.
James E. Murray: Just -- the one thing that I would just throw out there, these investments that we're making are a cumulative run rate of revenue of, I don't know, $5 billion. We're hiring 1,500 people to build up those businesses. Some of them are in areas that we're not as familiar with in terms of what we've done historically. And so I just think we're being prudent with staying where we're at right now.
James E. Murray: Let me start by saying your comment about underpricing our business in Florida in particular. Prior to the growth that we enjoyed this past year, we had a fairly healthy block of business in Florida. And when I say healthy, I meant a very solid, strong, large block of business in all of the different products. We had HMO, we had local PPO and then we had regional PPO. And we evaluated where we wanted our benefit designs and premiums to be based upon a history that was developed from that large block of business in each of those products, and that's what we put out on the streets. And fortunately, for us, we got a lot of new members that shouldn't be significantly different than the block of business that we had in place because I believe we had upwards of 50,000 regional PPO members prior to the growth that we enjoyed, a significant block of local PPO members and hundreds of thousands of HMO members. And so we felt very comfortable with our understanding of the Florida marketplace. And so I just wanted to address your comment about the underpricing our products in the state of Florida.
James E. Murray: When we look at some competitor actions, one of our competitors changed their benefits and premiums, their overall economic value that they provided to the members in the state of Florida by over nearly $50 per member per month. And they came very close to what our benefit design was before the start of this year. And so I just throw that out as -- for all of you to evaluate.
James E. Murray: We've been hiring folks over the last year and have been pretty successful identifying nurse practitioners throughout all of the markets that we operate in, not only for the telephonic chronic management programs, but also the nurses that go into the home, and we also use a lot of agencies as a part of our network. And we've been fairly successful with ramping up. I think Bruce referenced earlier, we have a target of having 350,000 folks as a part of our SeniorBridge/Humana Cares program by the end of the year. And that includes all of the growth that we've just talked about, and we don't feel uncomfortable with our ability to do that.
James E. Murray: So this is Jim, and I'll start off and maybe Steve will finish up. I would tell you that because of some of the changes that happened, through no fault of anybody's, but some of the issues that happened with the website initially and then some of the changes that occurred with the transitions -- or the transitional program, we do believe that there was a bit of deterioration in the risk mix that we are going to get as an organization. But as many of you have pointed out in some of your write-ups, the 3Rs give you a significant amount of protection around that. So although there's a deterioration, we believe, in the overall risk mix, which will correct itself in theory over the next several years, and so it's a timing item, that has negatively impacted us to some extent. The other thing that Bruce pointed out that we want to make sure everybody is clear about is that when the size of the exchange marketplace is shrinking and because of the transitional policy, the premiums that we would get on a per-member, per-month basis, our overall revenue assumptions that we started the year with are down. And so we have a bit of a scale issue. We don't have the benefit of some of the size or might of some of the competitors that are in this space. And so when we don't get the revenue that we anticipated and we've built the administrative infrastructure to support that, we have a scale issue, that also is a part of the range that we've put out there with this particular business. And then the other thing that we've learned in the last month or so is that this group of people is very different in terms of service than our existing blocks of business. And it's taken a significant increase in the number of service representatives that we've had to get the folks the answers that they're looking for. And so for all of those reasons, it's -- there has been a bit of a deterioration in risk profile, which will correct itself over time, and then the scale and the administrative issue are some of the things that go into the financial projections that Steve talked about earlier.
James E. Murray: That's correct. But again, remember, this is 3% of our total revenue. And so we're just dealing and talking about this from that particular aspect.
James E. Murray: I don't have it offhand. I think it may be in the press release pages, the amount of capitation that we have as an organization. Obviously, when our funding levels are reduced, that flows through to the risk takers that do business with us, as well as to our own owned entities, again, I don't have the percentages. I can tell you that we've had conversations and dialogues with our risk-takers about things that we could do together to help them and us control costs, not only for some of the things that we're dealing with, but also the unit costs that we share together for some of the hospitals that are part of our networks, the specialists that are a part of our network. It's a pretty detailed effort that we go through to help those risk-takers because we don't want to just pass the costs or the funding reductions through to them because that's not being a good partner. And so there's a lot of work that we're doing as we speak, working with those risk-takers on how we can rethink the cost structure that they have and address some of these issues that we face. Again, I don't have the percentages in front of me. Perhaps, the...
James E. Murray: The overall state-based programs, MLRs, are probably somewhere, when all up and running, somewhere in the 90% range. The admin on this business would probably be a lot lower because of the high revenue that you have on a per-member, per-month basis. I think the margins that we ultimately see ourselves achieving are very similar to some of the margins that you see from the public companies that are in this space.
James E. Murray: I'm not familiar with what it is you're pointing to, so we'd have to take that back and look through it and try to better understand it. So I apologize for not being as up to speed on that as I should be.
James E. Murray: Well, just like I talked -- this is Jim, again, Murray. We've looked at a lot of claims data since the beginning of the year. We understand the population. A lot of the growth was from our existing Walmart plan retention. We had, frankly, anticipated that a lot of the prior Walmart plan members would go to the new Walmart plan. That didn't happen, so we obviously have a good sense for the folks there. And then the new Walmart plan, we feel pretty good about how we're looking at the drug claims that we paid during the month of January. So we feel very good about the risk profile that exists with each of our 3 product offerings in the PDP space and wouldn't anticipate any kinds of issues developing there.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, Matt, one of the things that I think is interesting this AP is stability. We've seen -- even though we're not the lowest-priced plan in the marketplace, because of our brand and because of the stability of what we have provided that we would -- is really one of attributes of our growth this year. And so as we look at it, it's -- I think it's a good lesson for all of the industry is stability will help grow Medicare Advantage both individually from a customer -- I mean, a company point of view and from an industry overall.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, I mean, first, we are early in the cycle here. So similar to last year when we were earlier in the cycle, we made some general comments and then -- of what our levers are and being able to transition into the -- from those rates. But as we look at what we've accomplished over the last number of years and the pressures on the rates has really been attributed to our clinical capabilities and the great success that our team has been able to provide there. We still have opportunities in those clinical capabilities so I don't want the investors to go away and say we don't have those capabilities. But at the same time, I don't -- those capabilities can't overcome all of the cumulative effect that has taken place along with the rates that are being proposed there. And so what that does is it leaves us with the other lever points that we have and that are around benefit changes and around exiting markets. And when we get into the bid process after the finalization of the rates, we will go through the same analysis we went through last year, what are our capable trend vendors, what are those going to have an effect on, what are the rates that are being proposed or finalized, and then we'll turn to how do we need to modify benefits and what markets do we need to exit. And so I don't want to get into which ones we are going to turn to. I think we have the same levers we had before. We still have capabilities in the trend vendors that we have. Just as we look at the rates and the cumulative effect of that, I don't know if those trend vendors can overcome what's being proposed today.
Bruce D. Broussard: At the level that was being proposed early on where they were -- where the rates were considerably -- prior to the fee schedule being included or the -- being included and then the physician fee schedule being included in that, you did hear our commentary around that we have these levers and we are concerned about the rate pressures. But again, we're talking in generalities. I mean, the letter hasn't come out, we still are studying 2014. After everything settles, we're going to begin to start focusing on what are the trend vendor capabilities, and in addition, what markets would we need to exit and what benefit changes we would need in light of whatever the finalized rates are.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think what the question is highlighting is what's -- in 2012, we had large growth and we -- the clinical utilization was higher than what was expected, and what makes 2014 any different. And I would probably turn to -- our benefits are in line with the marketplace or slightly, I would say, less favorable than the marketplace, and our brand is able to really push the growth to a higher level, I guess, back to the stability side. Second thing is, is that I would say that our relationship with the providers in our marketplace over the last few years has greatly improved too as a result of our path to risk and our shared risk program that we continue to focus on. And so as we see our membership growth, the stability has really allowed the growth to accelerate this year in a very, very uncertain environment. But then on top of that, I would say that our clinical programs that we have as an organization have matured in such a great way. And as you look at our performance in the latter half of 2012 and in 2013, those clinical programs and the success of those clinical programs have expressed themselves in really overachievement of our financial results. And as you look at that, those clinical programs, they position us well to deal with the growth that we're dealing with in 2014. Complementing those clinical growth, the -- I mean, the clinical capabilities is the source of the membership and in really 2 parts: The clinical programs that were from other competitors that have provided the documentation for the members coming in from their plans, it facilitates the coding that usually takes 6 months or so to address; and then secondarily, being in HMO and risk -- shared risk relationships facilitates the clinical aspects to this. So when we look at this book of business, both from the ability of where it's coming from, where it is located within our plan selection and in addition the maturity of our clinical programs, we feel comfortable with the block that's come in and the cohort when compared to 2012.
Bruce D. Broussard: First thing, the duals for us as a company is very aligned with the Medicare Advantage population. I think as most of you guys know, that 25% or so of Medicare is in the duals population. So they're a little sicker, but I would say that they're probably aligned with our chronic program that we already have. So as we think about our capabilities as an organization, we will use the same capabilities that we're using in Medicare Advantage. And that's on the post-65. The one additional capability that we didn't need as an organization for the duals is around the long-term care area, which we both have a partnership with a very capable organization and, I think as everyone knows, we acquired an organization in Florida recently, American Eldercare, that has that capability. So we have added that, and that is -- the integration is going quite well. In regards to the Medicaid population pre-65, I think as the investors know, we have partnered with other firms to manage that population, and we really don't have a lot of active management in the pre-65 or the TANF population. And so as you think about our core capabilities, it's really not in the TANF population, it is in the post-65 population, and it aligns with our Medicare capabilities adding long-term care to that.
Bruce D. Broussard: And just to add to the question on the duals and being prepared for it, 3 of the large contracts will be coming up in the second quarter of this year, in the latter part of the second quarter of this year. And so we, today, are making a lot of investments. And as the point was made before, there's not much revenue coming in as a result of that. But we're preparing for those 3 large contracts during this quarter and in the early part of the second quarter.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, A.J., I think getting the trend out earlier is, I think, an effort for them to provide more transparency on the process. Last year, one of the areas that the industry worked with them on is how can we become more transparent. And, a, it's not a surprise; and, b, we can work on educating pre the announcement as opposed to doing it during the announcement. And I do have to commend the administration for helping us with that and getting it out earlier and it allows us to understand it. We still have some questions to understand it and in addition, to work with them on where those differences are. I really don't want to get into the speculation on what are the various different components that could be -- maybe alter the rate notice or the projections that we've put out there and let us -- I think the industry is going to begin to work with the administration on this and give us some time to work with the administration because I do think understanding where they're coming from is an important part of that process.
Bruce D. Broussard: Like every quarter, we really thank the investors for the support of the organization, especially in this time of change and complexity. And at the same time, we also understand that our success of the organization is dependent on our associates and all 51,000 that come in to work every day and with their best minds and helping our members succeed in their health journey. So I appreciate everyone's support, and have a wonderful day.
Steven E. McCulley: Peter, this is Steve. I think there's still time to play out. We're 5 weeks into the year. We gave some larger ranges knowing that there was going to be some uncertainty as we went into the first quarter around how the exchanges were going to play out, and ultimately, what the risk mix is going to be there. We're very pleased with the Medicare membership, but typically, the margins, as Jim just described, are a little bit lower in the first year. We haven't seen anything there that alarms us, but it's just that it's early in the year, Peter. I think, we've -- there's still -- we gave a wider range knowing that we had a lot of potential little positives and negatives that we had to let play out. So we do feel, like I said, we don't -- we haven't said -- we don't feel uncomfortable with anything that we've seen, so there's nothing negative that we've seen. We just aren't ready to, at this 5 weeks into the year, to give anything more certain.
Steven E. McCulley: Scott, the only thing I would add is that again, the reinsurance recoverable is the largest amount of that. And there's going to be a number there, where almost regardless of the risk selection, it maybe it will get a little larger with a little more adverse risk, but that's just a calculation of the claims that are over a certain specific limit.
Steven E. McCulley: Right. There is a -- the limit in the law was, I believe, $60,000. It's been proposed to lower that to $45,000. We've -- and that's part of the reason, again, we have a range of $250 million to $450 million is it encompasses both outcomes.
Steven E. McCulley: Christine, this is Steve, and I know -- I think we've talked about this a little bit in the past. I want to say the risk is around 30%, but we'll look that number up. The one thing I would add to what Jim said is that also in our HMO that's on a path to risk but is still HMO versus PPO, there is a percentage of that cost, the primary care reimbursement, for example, is a capitated reimbursement, as well as the specialty network that most of those -- a lot of the specialty networks that those PCPs operating in is capitated as well, even though the PCP may not be in a full-risk arrangement yet. So there is a -- so we do get a beneficial effect from having just regular HMO even though it's not full risk. So it's hard. I think what you're trying to do is quantify the net impact of all that and maybe we can go offline or go out and try to make an estimate of that. But it's -- but hope that helps.
Steven E. McCulley: Andrew, this is Steve. So we did have a number of things in the quarter that were maybe higher than normal. But typically, our fourth quarter operating costs are the highest quarter for us because we have -- it's the selling season for Medicare. So in the Retail segment, if you look at that -- in our Retail segment, our operating cost ratio increases in the fourth quarter as a result of the marketing cost, distribution cost. Because we had such a successful open enrollment season for 2014, there was more distribution cost than normal, more commissions, for example. We also had investments in exchange readiness, both technology and operating expenses in the fourth quarter, the ramp-up, to get ready for the health care exchanges. Also in the Retail segment, we're investing in the duals expansion. As Jim mentioned earlier, there's a significant build-out that we're basically building a duals business that will be a $4 million -- $4 billion plus run rate business by 2015 that we're currently in the process of building, and some of that was in our fourth quarter of 2014 as well. We also, maybe over in the other segments, we had what I would say are some non-recurring type expenses. We did have some severance expenses as a result of some reorganizations that were done primarily in our Employer Group segment. We wrote off a few -- we had a few asset impairments. We wrote down some deferred acquisition costs in our -- in some voluntary -- group voluntary benefits businesses that we had, and maybe a few other smaller things, but nothing individually that was significant. But that's really the driver of why you see the higher operating cost in the fourth quarter.
