Susan Diamond: Sure. So I'll take these one at a time. I'll start with your last question around the $600 million. So just to clarify, the $600 million represents our full-year estimate of the Medicare Advantage-only net headwinds and tailwinds related to the COVID pandemic. And if you recall back to our initial guidance earlier this year, we provided a schedule that laid out the specific line items that were considered in that and a range of estimates at the time. So this $600 million represents our current view and what is contemplated in our guide related to those items on a net basis, so the net of all the various headwinds and tailwinds based on our current expectations. As it respects the first half and second half, as we described in the call, what we continue to see throughout the first half of the year was COVID costs coming down faster than initially expected, but non-COVID outpatient in particular rebounding faster than expected, and that continued through the second quarter. And we anticipate that that will extend some into the third quarter before it levels off. In the first half of the year, the benefits we saw from COVID-related costs, as well as some lower non-COVID inpatient costs, we do not expect to continue at the same rate because our expectation had always been that those costs on the COVID side would come down as a result of the rollout of vaccinations and that utilization would rebound to more normal levels, such that there is less positive upside that can offset those costs in the second half of the year, which is why we are now estimating a net 2.5% decline in non-COVID utilization in the back half of the year to meet our guide. As it respects MRA, I think we provided the net detail in terms of what our current estimates really are. I know we provided the line item in the initial guide in terms of the beginning of the year. And what we're saying is on a net basis, net of capitation, there's about a $300 million additional headwind, and in the context of the overall guide that is largely offset or fully offset by the net impact of the positive sequestration benefit.
Susan Diamond: Yes. So just to be clear, the $600 million and full-year estimate, so inclusive of first half and back half. But I also want to clarify, it is not meant to be specific to the line item, its labeled COVID testing and treatment on that initial schedule. That was one line item. When we refer to this $600 million, it is the net impact of all of the line items that were represented on the schedule. And the other thing I would add as well in terms of your question about how did you offset that, there was a lower COVID and another inpatient costs. But also recall, we had other business outperformance that we mentioned in the discussion around the prior period development, commercial Medicaid that also offset some of that headwind we experienced in the first half of the year as well.
Susan Diamond: Sure. So just to provide a little more detail. So as we mentioned, the second quarter ran about 3% below baseline for that non-COVID utilization. Our third and fourth quarter now on average are estimated to run 2.5% below baseline and recall that that's inclusive of both utilization as well as unit costs. So as I mentioned, we do expect given that the country has been largely open, our population is largely vaccinated that we will see those non-COVID utilization start to normalize. And so we've allowed for some additional return to baseline relative to what we've experienced in the second quarter. I would also say that as we see that utilization come back, we also see that the average cost per hospitalization will come down because lower severity cases are reintroduced. And so the combination of leveling off of the utilization and continued reductions in the unit costs contribute to that 2.5% below baseline. I think you suggested that overall utilization might be above the baseline. I think you might be referring to my comments about commercial, where we had planned to see in total COVID – non-COVID to run slightly above baseline as we were beginning to see that at the end of 2020. But for our Medicare business because we're including limited COVID costs in our forecast in the back half of the year, it's not contributing significantly, so that would not take it over baseline.
Susan Diamond: Sure. We are seeing variation in some of the service categories, as you can imagine. One of the reasons we believe that some of the pent-up demand has been worked through the system and the things like surgical procedures, colonoscopies and things like that. We did for a period of time to see it go slightly above the baseline. But other traditional, normal course, ER and observations and other activities continue below baseline.
Susan Diamond: Yes. I would say that our view would be given the pace at which the non-inpatient utilization in particular bounce back, which was faster than we anticipated that we are seeing. In a lot of that, you'll see they're re-engaging with their physicians and specialists more than normal rate. And so I think we do believe that some of the pent-up demand is a result of the deferred care in 2020 has been reflected in our first half of the year results. And again, because of the length of time, the country has largely been open that that pent-up demand has worked through, and therefore, we are expecting a little bit more return to baseline relative to our second quarter performance that that will stabilize through the back half of the year.
Susan Diamond: Sure. So I’ll take these one at a time. So the first to your question, based on our experience for first half of the year and our 2.5% expectation in the back half of the year, if you do all that math, it suggests that for the full-year, our non-COVID utilization will end up at about 3.75% below baseline. So effectively at the low-end of the range we had given you at the start of the year. On OpEx, as you said, you're exactly right. The reason for the change in the guide and the increase that is directly attributable to incorporating the Kindred performance into our guidance points, and so that is largely the reason for that increase. We do, however, I would say in terms of our core business, and even within Kindred anticipate some investment like we would in normal course, Kindred, as you can imagine, by integrating it, there are some investments we might want to make there as a respect to evaluate the operating model that we've described at Investor Day, and so that is contemplated in there as well. On your second question on sequestration, we do expect that to reverse in 2022, that would have been contemplated in our bids and pricing, and our MRA assumptions, as we think about 2022 would not be impacted by that explicitly. They are independently calculating what we believe the risk adjustment will be based on the diagnosis admissions that we would expect in a more normal environment.
Susan Diamond: Sure. So as it respects, the $300 million that we referenced that was contemplated in our April guide. So just for context, our January payment in 2021 would reflect claims that were submitted through to September submission deadline. And then that requires us to estimate the submissions that will come in organically as well as a result of our activities around short review and prospective programs for the remainder of the year. At that time, we were not anticipating a significant surge that we saw across the country in the fourth quarter due to COVID and the resulting reduction in non-COVID utilization. What that led to was lower, what we referred to as organic diagnosis submissions. So those are not related to the campaigns that we initiated, but rather organic submissions across the provider community based on the utilization that's happening. And those ultimately proved to come in lower than we had anticipated. And generally speaking, I think we've mentioned before that those organic submissions are more difficult to estimate obviously than the initiatives that we are executing. So that was reflected in our April guide at the time. In terms of the midyear adjustment, as we've said on previous calls, the adjustment there was solely related to new members or members who were only enrolled for a partial year in 2020, where we don't have full visibility to their claims. And so while we made an estimate of what we thought the impact would be based on what we were seeing within our concurrent population, ultimately, if that made your payment came in, it reflected a lower level of contribution for those new members in our estimates had originally anticipated. I would say that going into 2022 because those impacts were directly related to the COVID pandemic and impacts of utilization, I would not expect to see that continued uncertainty carried into 2022 based on what we're seeing so far this year.
Susan Diamond: Sure. So I would say that our view of non-COVID is not influenced by what the recent activity and uptick we've seen in COVID cases. That is not why we're assuming that it runs below the baseline. Our view is, again, just based on the trajectory, we've seen that given the level of utilization increase, we've seen that we were at a point where it will be in the plateau and level off and sort of just a new baseline for the back half of the year. As a respect to COVID, as we mentioned, it's just very early in terms of the increase we've seen is literally just in the last couple of weeks. It is still a bit too early to determine whether or not we will see offsetting non-COVID utilization impacts like we have seen in all previous surges. I will say, just this last week, we just began to see some level of reduction in inpatient – non-COVID inpatient as the COVID cases increase. It's simply just too early to really assess the duration that we might see in terms of an uptick and the offsetting utilization. But should we see offsetting utilization in the non-COVID space in order for that not to present a headwind, it would be incremental to the 2.5% that we’re currently forecasting.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Just to take these one at a time. First is with respect to pricing. You asked an issue about the group MA. And I think as we've said before, the group MA space particularly for larger group accounts continues to be highly competitive and we would expect that to continue and so the margins that we would see on those accounts to continue to be competitive and pressured. I think though, as we think about group MA, there are a lot of other benefits to winning those large accounts in terms of the impact that can have in a local geography on the networks and our ability to work with provider partnerships, et cetera. But we expect that to be continued to be competitive. On the individual side, this is always a process we go through every year to understand sort of the rate environment, the competitive environment, other business performance, we always strive to maintain benefit stability knowing how important that is to our members as well as our sales and distribution channels. So that's always our goal. And there's always a number of puts and takes that we will consider, including the broader enterprise performance as it respects first and foremost, delivering against our overall growth target of 11% to 15% and after considering sort of strategic investments, other business performance and then understanding what's required of our Medicare business and what we're trying to achieve balancing both growth and margin in the long-term. All of those are taken into account. We remain committed to achieving long-term, our targeted individual margin of 4.5% to 5%, and that will vary each year based on those things that I mentioned. But would expect this to continue to progress towards that goal. On utilization, I would say, really it's too early, I think for us to really see anything specific at the clinic level. That information is not as real time available to us as our health plan information. And so to-date, I have not seen anything that would provide us any visibility. I will say, there are some concentrations geographically, as you've seen probably in the press, Florida is a state that is seeing higher rates given we have a concentration of some of our clinics there. I imagine that they would see some, but we actually don't have detailed information on that just yet.
Susan Diamond: No. So again, that $600 million is a full-year estimate. It does, just to be clear, include the assumption that the non-COVID utilization will run 2.5% in the back half of the year. So that's contemplated in that. But I don't think we had intended to provide any quarterly detail of how that's emerging. But that is a full-year number. It would not represent just the first half of the year.
Susan Diamond: So what I would say, we never at the time, as you mentioned, the schedule that we gave you, which provided a range of $700 million to $1 billion. I don't think at that time, we ever said exactly where we were in that range in terms of our internal estimate. And what we just wanted to clarify was that we have seen $300 million of net pressure incremental to that, which is again, in terms of the schedule offset then by the sequestration. And then can you repeat your second question? I'm sorry, I think it was at 2021. What was your 2021 question, I'm sorry.
Susan Diamond: Yes. So what I would say is as you see in our guidance points, our MER target – our MER range hasn't really changed because of the offsets and the nature of those offsets, they were many within the Retail segment and Medicare in particular. So I would say, in general, there's not material movement in the individual MA margin because the net headwind is largely offset by other positivity. And as we mentioned, the positive prior period development, as an example, as well as the sequestration would be attributable to the Retail segment.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Fair question. So as we said, the 2.5% represents an average for the back half of the year. I think it remains to be seen at what rate it ultimately settles in at if it come in more depressed in the third quarter and then get closer to baseline. There's obviously a range of scenarios that could emerge, some of which could be that by the end of the year, it gets close to baseline. So I think that until we get to the plateau and then – and see that sustain, I think it'll be hard to assess the long-term, whether that's a long-term new normal or not. So we'll continue to watch that. As for acuity, I would say, so far we are not seeing indicators that there is a higher acuity or there's been impacts from the deferred care in 2020. We are continuing to watch it, but so far we have not seen any sort of systemic indicators of that. And in fact, some of the things that we were able to initiate along with our provider partners to ensure members receiving the needed preventative care through telemedicine were quite helpful during the pandemic. And one data point as an example was that we saw higher medication adherence through the pandemic than we actually did pre-pandemic. So a nice indication that members were receiving the needed preventative care, receiving their medications and hopefully staying on top of their conditions. But so far, we're watching it, but we're not seeing any indications of higher acuity.
Susan Diamond: Sure. As I said, the current year guidance revision was a direct – it directly attributable to incorporating Kindred in the guide. To be quite honest, we're going to need to do some work post-closing an integration to revisit our forward – probably more in 2022, what our guidance points look like and whether they need to change. Obviously within Kindred, they have direct cost of care. Those are all – all of their costs are included in that OpEx ratio. It's not showing up anywhere else in the guide. So that's something we'll look at. So we'll need to see whether there's anything we should break out separately specific to the Kindred business. As a respect to synergies, the Kindred transaction was not really a traditional synergy play. We obviously don't have a home-health business to integrate into – the operations will be largely standalone. We are certainly looking at opportunities to see where we can create some synergies based on the capabilities we have and they have, but I would not expect those to be significant. The real value is going to be on the new products and models that we intend to introduce, particularly the value-based model we shared during Investor Day. That will be the source of value creation as a result of that transaction.
Bruce Broussard: Sure. Similar to what we've done in the past and other more utility oriented areas, I think availability would be an example of that. We've tried to find partners within the industry that can help build a longer-term utility. And we look at the particular partnership with Anthem as the opportunity to update and really give a more both increased productivity and at the same time increase the experience for members in the area of the PBM side. We for a number of years have been using SS&C as a vendor to help with the existing technology, but now I've been able to take it and really enhance it through this partnership with Anthem and SS&C.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Just to highlight on the $600 million. That is – if you were to go to the first quarter or the February earnings release for the fourth quarter. We put together some lows and highs all the way from MRA COVID testing that did press utilization and sequestration. And what the $600 million is as if you were to take that and roll that forward now, all the ins and outs from that would be the net number, that’s $600 million. The operational aspects of our business, as Susan has talked about, is offset all of that $600 million. But included in that $600 million net number is an assumption that 2.5% below baseline will be remaining for the remaining part of the year.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. To answer your first question, you're exactly right. It is an infrastructure investment, and again, it's a utility for the industry, and actually we would enjoy others to join that joint venture over a period of time. In regards to your second question, you're exactly right. The midpoint is $21.50, and that is what we would base our 2022 growth.
Bruce Broussard: And just to reemphasize, we don't see net-net our operating costs going up as a result of the transaction outside of some investments we're making in the short-term as a result of the integration. We continue to maintain a long-term orientation to continuing to increase our productivity. You're seeing that over the last number of years and that has not changed. And the investor shouldn't walk away from that. This is an increasing cost. We continue to keep that as a discipline. I think what you do see is it's just sort of taking one organization that has a different margin and different operating structure and bringing it into our operating structure. And as we bring the two together, we'll have that same emphasis of continuing to improve productivity on the organization.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. And we really appreciate everyone's support. We recognized that this quarter as a result of the transition year of COVID is a difficult one. We are very oriented to continuing to have the transparency between what is COVID and what's operational. And I hope you guys can just discern between those two as we continue to have further questions on the operational performance. That being said, I do want to leave the investors with the understanding that we continue to believe that the organization’s operational performance in 2021 has been very strong as a result of what you see and just some of the operational offsets to some of the headwinds from COVID. And then secondarily, as we see 2022, we did take a very conservative view into pricing in our planning for both AEP and as we start to enter the AEP season, I think you guys will see that thoughtfulness and reflect some of the uncertainties that maybe continue into 2022. So as always, we appreciate your support and we also appreciate our teammates continued to drive to both improve our operating performance and serve our customers in the best we can. So thank you.
