Brian Kane: Good morning, Matt, it's Brian. Our Group MA business continues to perform quite well. We are seeing similar trends in our Group MA business that we see in our Individual MA business. I would say the pipeline for 2020 looks good. There were fewer large jumbo accounts out there, but there are some sizable accounts that we're pursuing as well as our standard growth of small and mid-size accounts. So, from that perspective, I think, we feel very good. The HIF and frankly rebates at point-of-sale due impact Group MA disproportionately relative to say Individual MA or PDP because the risk corridor proposal that there are ability that CMS has given us in terms of risk corridor protection does not apply to Group MA, and so we will see that goes into effect like we significant premium increases on the Group MA side. That being said, I think, people generally view the Group MA product as compelling. We see growth continuing there and we continue to play there pretty aggressively.
Brian Kane: Sure. On the margin question. We continue to make good progress towards our target margins. As we said coming into 2019, we expected a reasonable margin improvement of our 2018 baseline. Obviously, today as we raised our retail pre-tax number, those margins continue to improve. As we go into 2020, I would just say that in order to deliver EPS growth, as we said we would for 2020, you're going to have to increase your pre-tax profits, obviously, in excess of your after-tax just given the significant tax headwinds that we have. So, that will require continued improvement in the margin profile of the business from a pre-tax perspective. But, overall, I think the business is tracking well. We have a very important principle of balancing that margin improvement with top line membership growth. We believe, we struct that balance appropriately in 2019. We'll continue to do that, we believe in 2020. As it relates to Doctor On Demand that's really for our commercial business and we're excited about that partnership. I think we're in a position on the commercial side to disrupt the existing commercial infrastructure and commercial plans that are in place. And I think this is just one example of our ability to do that and give our members additional choices as they look to choose their various health plans. And I would add that this Doctor On Demand is just in Florida, in Texas at this point, but we're excited about the partnership, and we'll see how it goes.
Brian Kane: Sure. I'll take the DSNP question and then turn it to Bruce to talk about Medicaid. On the DSNP side as we pointed out in our release. We did see a nice increase in our DSNP annual enrollment period growth of call it 30,000 members versus only 1,400 last year, which obviously is a very significant increase. I would say, we are bullish about our ability to continue that growth in the rest of your period where that's an opportunity unlike the more traditional Medicare with a few exceptions, you can enroll members. So, we are excited about our ability to do that. We expect that growth to continue. But if you look at our overall MA growth of 415,000 to 440,000, a majority of that is in the traditional Medicare space. But again we are seeing nice traction in our DSNP product.
Brian Kane: Look, I would say, that there are a lot of variables that, as Bruce indicated, in his opening remarks. There are a lot of variables in the pricing this year that are creating additional uncertainty versus prior years. And I think people can handle that in different ways. We're obviously thinking about our strategy and whether there are opportunities that we can pursue. It's really hard to say how people will price various things. We obviously are very supportive of CMS's notion of narrowing the risk corridors and giving more protection that provides really a support from a premium perspective and also allows plans to bid with more certainty. So, that's obviously helpful, but this is one of those years where there is a lot of gain theory that I think everyone's going through, and it's not entirely clear what will come out of it. But I will tell you that we have internally here, a lot of smart people working on this, and thinking about different scenarios and I would just say we'll have more things to talk about after bids are submitted.
Brian Kane: So, we're going to bid under current law because that's the instructions we've been given, but our expectation and we are supportive of rebates going point-of-sale for 2020 and we'll be ready for that. The CMS risk corridor program has provided the requisite protection, if rebates go point-of-sale for 2020. So, industry participants can feel more confident about bidding sort of under the old rules, but the new rules happen, you're protected. And I think that's why we're supportive of both the CMS program and as Bruce said we want to get rid of the uncertainty. Let's just go there and get it done. We're ready to implement for 2020. We think bringing that certainty to the industry at least from our perspective will be a positive, so that's what we were indicating.
Brian Kane: Well, that's a really complicated question, I mean, to dodge it, but it depends on the various components of your existing book that you have in terms of how all the hydraulics work, and again I would distinguish individual MA from PDP from Group MA all the dynamics are different there , and it really depends on your membership mix. The nature of the drug utilizing population that you have and then, as I said, in the Group MA side just quarters just don't apply. So, it really varies, and again we are doing all sorts of simulations and working through how various things may work out and we'll be prepared to bid and feel good about our bids when we submit in June.
Brian Kane: So, let me take the 11% to 15%. We are reaffirming as we have our 11% to 15% that hasn't changed. I think this is important that investors understand the earnings growth that we've delivered over the last number of years, well in excess of 15% on a compound annual basis. And so, obviously, the HIF is a material headwind that we're dealing with and our goal is to strike the balance this year as it comes back to continue our advancement in the marketplace. As it relates to policy, I think, the way you characterize it is right. We believe that there is bipartisan support to get rid of the HIF. It needs a vehicle to attach to and, as you said, it certainly doesn't look like that will happen before the bids happened and therefore we're bidding as if it's coming back. We are obviously hopeful and are very focused on making sure people understand the impact that the HIF has on member benefits and the like, and so we continue to be advocates for repealing the HIF, and we're hopeful there this year as other legislation has taken up that will be part of it.
Brian Kane: Sure. So, on the utilization side, I would say, it's really across the Board. We are seeing utilization of our new members, which are both switchers as well as folks new to MA or AGN. And really both all components of the business are performing better than our expectations. Obviously, when you get the significant growth that we got, you ask yourself whether you in anyway attractive and unbalanced risk pool and that's certainly doesn't appear to be the case. And so the new members are running quite well as our what we call our concurrent members. As it relates to healthcare service and we are seeing really nice performance in our Kindred business and our Humana At Home business home care, home base is being implemented. That's going well. We're committed to getting on home care, home base those one of the investments as you point out that we made this year. We think that will create a better clinical model ultimately for us as we continue to integrate with Humana and so that's going well. As we've said from the get go, we're supportive of PDGM. We believe that better aligns our clinical focus and focus on health outcomes with the homecare model and where the payment model works. We'll encourage home health providers to run towards the more complicated in chronic members of patients and so we are very supportive of that. Overall, we feel good about the investments we're making some of which are in healthcare services, some of which are in the retail and group segments but, as you said, I think healthcare services is off to a good start. We are seeing a little bit of softness in pharmacy that's just around the number of scripts we're filling because like we said, we're seeing lower utilization across the Board on our MA book, but other than that we feel very good about how broadly our business is developing here.
Brian Kane: Sure. On the MA side we are not, I'd rather not sort of put everything back into the incurred year. I think you can get a sense of that. We have PYD every year, but the good news is our book did developed favorably. So you are correct that will be called the incurred results for 2018 was better than where we finished year given the positive development, but I really don't want to comment any further other than to say our book continues to develop favorably, utilization assumptions that we made, closing the books for '18 turned out to be better as we get more results as we go into '19. Remember it takes a number of months before the actual claims matured develop before you really know how you did, and so we're happy to see that '18 is developing favorably on the MA side. It is true that Group had, yeah, it's a small mountain and immaterial for the company, but group commercial did have some negative PYD in the quarter. And again I think what we're seeing is that bifurcation in the marketplace and the community rate side what for us will be interesting to understand is how our book is progressing relative to the rest of the market and as the whole market deteriorating, are we deteriorating faster than the market. I think, the assumptions we have around our risk accrual are very reasonable and we will see again get what happens in June when that occurs, obviously, as we think about pricing our book both for MA and for Group. We incorporate prior period development and our views, as I mentioned earlier of emerging experience because that sets the new baseline off of which we trend and so we do put that into the pricing, and so we will incorporate all of our best information that we have into pricing to make sure we're appropriately priced.
Brian Kane: We don't go into that level of detail. I would tell you that Humana's mix will be more weighted, more acute settings and that's where our focus is as we think about our discharges and certainly where the opportunities are versus some of the more community-based settings that some of the home health companies have. Again, we don't -- we are not going to give that level of detail. I would just say that the Kinder team is ready for PDGM, they're embracing PDGM. Obviously, there are some perhaps near-term financial impacts that frankly were anticipated in our deal model. We knew there's some form of this was going to happen. So we anticipated the 2020 impact and we feel good about the assumptions we've made. But again, we're very focused on the incentives that provides the home health providers to take complicated patients and so we're excited about that.
Brian Kane: Yes, on the second question, we don't break out the trend by service category. But you are correct that we are seeing favorable pharmacy trends as a general matter and particularly on the specialty side where we can have very significant cost, the pipeline has not developed as we forecasted and it's lighter than we expected. And so from a trend perspective that's obviously a good thing. The question of a generic deflation and a lack of inflation is actually quite complicated. We think about it as holistically from both the PBM and then the impact from the plan and depending on the contracts you have in place with various manufacturers, it can be a good thing, it can be a bad thing. I'd rather not comment further than that, other than to say, I think, our PBM business more broadly, I think, is gearing up, it's working to drive more volume into the mail setting. Historically in the last a year or so, as we mentioned, we are not getting the mail order penetration that we want to get. We are very focused on driving that mail order penetration. We have really a state-of-the-art facilities to be able to service that mail order opportunity, and so we take over time it will be continued to be a source of growth for the enterprise.
Brian Kane: The way CMS formulates the rates and that fee-for-service trend factor is doesn't necessarily always really correlates the trend that we use in our pricing. And so it's sometimes hard to understand exactly how that trend is developed. We effectively take the rate we're given and then after sets for ourselves when our core trend is, and that's really the key assumption that we're focused on. I would just say that we continue to see moderate trends, we see movement from the inpatient setting to the outpatient setting. We have seen moderating specialty trends, but we have seen as we commented higher outpatient and physician trends, and so we balance all those various factors. Obviously what matters is what you price and the development relative to that pricing and I think we've been very successful ascertaining what the various trend components are and then pricing it accordingly.
Bruce Broussard: And Ana this is Bruce. A few things related to our Medicaid strategy. First, we are continuing to orient to how do we expand our DSNP presence both in adding additional regions that we offer DSNP plan, and then secondarily, how does our benefits are more competitive and you saw the share of adding the over-the-counter and some other aspects to our DSNP that has allowed this growth to happen. Some at the Medicare Advantage side, we're very oriented to continue to expand our presence. The second area is in the Medicaid and the contractual area with states and as you all know in Florida, we had a wonderful growth. This year we grew 37% on a membership basis, as a result of our contract win last year, that contract is actually going quite well and our quality measurements and so on are aligned with what our expectations are and what the start expectations are. We are participating in RFPs Louisiana and Texas are the two RFPs that we're participating in from an organic point of view, and we're very bullish about those RFPs as we are engaged at both the community level and the state level in that particular population. You mentioned and asked about the WellCare, Centene transaction. We continue to be confident in our organic direction. We are always looking at the market and the M&A sign like no different than we have in the past and we continue to believe what our strategy is very, very exciting, and I think we'll be very competitive in the future.
Bruce Broussard: Good morning, Ralph. I won't comment a lot on that or going to say clearly is an input into our overall cost structure. There are many of our contracts are tied to Medicare and so there will be an impact there. That is something that we would have the price for it. But what we've seen on the inpatient side is really a significant reduction year-over-year and admissions for thousand and obviously we're working very hard to ensure that continues. And so year-over-year, it's becoming less of a driver of our results. So, obviously still critical and a big component, but we are working to mitigate any unit cost increases through continued utilization transfers out of the hospital into more of an outpatient setting.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, obviously, there's a wide range of estimates out on the street. We look at our growth relative to our $17.25 baseline because as we go towards the base for 2020. We typically price for what we call emerging experience, as we see emerging experience good or bad, we will put that into the pricing of our products. The good news is that we're seeing good emerging experience this year as I mentioned. And what we just said was we would grow reasonably off that $17.25 baseline. We're not prepared to give any more guidance than that because we're giving frankly more color than we typically give. I know there's been a lot of questions around it. So, we're trying to help investors and analysts with that, but beyond that, we don't really want to comment further, it's still very early.
Bruce Broussard: Look, I think, that is one way to look at it. I do think '18 is analogous to '20 other than, obviously, you said that the tax reform. HIF, as we continue to grow because we're growing MA, so rapidly becomes a bigger portion and therefore is a bigger tax deductibility impact there, our non-deductibility, but broadly as you thought about is not unreasonable but again, I think, we're still working through exactly how we're going to price our products, achieving that balance between sort of top line and bottom line, and so again beyond what we've said, which is a reasonable growth rate of the $17.25 is all we're prepared to say today.
Bruce Broussard: We probably, I can't give you a lot of detail, as we are in the big process. I would tell you that we are looking at different strategies who reunite the Part D membership growth. As Brian articulated on a few questions. It is complicated because of the changes in the point-of-sale and the rebates and then all the hydraulics that comes from the risk corridor being inserted into that. I would just probably leave it at this as the year progresses we'll be able to give you more details, but I do we as an organization are committed to trying to find that strategy that will reignite the Part D growth.
Bruce Broussard: Well, I'll start and then Brian can add. I would say that, it is market-by-market dependent. We think in some markets we are leading, but in most markets, we're in the competing with everybody else in a reasonable comparison between our premiums and medicine. So I wouldn't say that we're just highly differentiated in the marketplace. I will tell you that one thing that we've seen this year is the retention is stronger. We've seen our broker sales be stronger in the markets where we have traditionally been strong market share wise and had really good relationships with providers that's also been a great add for us. So, I think, in general, it's a lot of different things, it's not just the benefits and premiums. We see going into 2020 as being carrying that forward our strength with our brokers and the strength with the providers. Can't really speak about the benefit design as we are in that process now. But we, as Brian has said on many occasions both in calls and in investor meetings that we will be balanced and how we approach our benefits both in looking at margin expansion and at the same time being competitive in the marketplace as we like at our competition.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah, just to add to that, and I know there's a lot of details in the reimbursement and especially if you're highly oriented to fee-for-service payment model, which the Kindred management team as Brian has said is really managing that transition. More importantly for Humana as a whole, we feel there's a wonderful opportunity to address admissions, ER visits and other preventable events through home health and what we see in our initial test within data sites that we have going is that's actually the case is that we can reduce the utilization and institutions that are very reactive. That is one of the things that I think is coming from this reimbursement change is really encouraging nursing to be more oriented to areas like COPD, diabetes, and CHF of which to date has been much more oriented to therapy. So, within the home health sector as a whole, I think, that's much of a Kindred issue. They are managing that transition, feel comfortable with managing that transition and we invested in it based on a reimbursement change that would have some impact on lowering the impact from a therapy. But, in addition, we see a great opportunity and being able to assist us and what our core business and that is really driving down the cost of care through preventing hospital admissions.
Bruce Broussard: That's one of the strength of having the insurance component with the PBM side that you are the beneficiary of an ability to effectively manage the utilization on the price that drive, which shows up into the insurance product Part D and MA. And so as you think about the integration that we have together are, we have a different perspective than somebody as a retailer, for example, that is having an impact that the volume and the price is an important part that shows up in the profitability of our insurance side. And so as we are a little bit of a different breed as a result of it being integrated. Most of it is really -- our members and therefore they sort of work in harmony.
Bruce Broussard: Thank you. And I would like to thank all our shareholders for continuing to be strong supporters of the organization. And like every quarter our results and especially this quarter with great results we have could not be obtained without the 55,000 people that are working every day to help us. So, we really thank their dedication and efforts and allowing the organization to continue to be successful and with quarters like this. So, thank you and everyone have a wonderful day.
