James Murray: This is Jim Murray. If you think about our average premium for our existing PDP membership, it's around $40 and the Wal-Mart premium, as you all know, is about $15. The factors that we evaluate with our actuaries and with the folks from Wal-Mart included us being willing to take a reduced profit from our existing PDP membership. We got better rates from Wal-Mart as you might expect than our base in our regular PDP membership. We're assuming that we'll have a much increased generic dispensing rate from our existing block of business. There is some amount of risk sharing that Wal-Mart was willing to take with us, that baked into that. Some of those favorable things are offset by our anticipation that our rebates would drop because of the increase in the generic drugs that people will take. And if you think about our existing block of business, there's a certain amount of risk element in that and although we are anticipating a slightly better risk profile and so there were some beneficial effect of that. When you put all those factors together, we were able to get to the $15 national premium, which we're very pleased about that as we work with Wal-Mart, they were very desirous of having one national premium and we felt very comfortable that we could do that. And as I think Mike has shared with many of you as he's gone around to the various investor meetings, what we think is that having a relationship with the senior population is going to benefit us long term. Additional products and services can be used in that existing membership base, the $15 thus produce a nice profit for us going forward and we just think it's an opportunity to grow our relationship with a significant number of seniors this year.
James Murray: This is Jimmy Murray again. As you all hear, when you're all here in November, we're very pleased with the progress that we're making on the 15 percent Solution. We monitor that regularly. It was helpful for us, as Mike said, in his remarks, to be able to produce premiums and benefit levels this year, which we think will favorably impact the persistency that we've experienced with our M&A block this past year. As we look forward, we anticipate that by 2014, we could be in really good shape as respect to the 15 percent Solution. And so for us, it's a journey. We expect improvement each and every year, which will help us to keep our premiums low until 2014 and we would hope that by 2014, the 15% or more solution is in place in a lot of the places that we do business. We're very pleased with the progress we're making.
James Murray: Yes, we've got the scores on about 42 Humana plans. We're not doing, as well as we would like. We look at the process and the methodology. We're working with the Government to try to create something that we think would be a better measure of quality, and we think there should be more waiting towards clinical evaluations as opposed to some of the other measures that are currently a part of the process. Now that it's a part of our payment methodology, rest assured that Humana will become very good at quality. But again, we would really like to have a discussion with folks in Washington about a better approach towards quality and what quality can ultimately become for the seniors that we serve.
James Murray: As you know, the self funding has escaped the boundaries of healthcare reform. There's no minimum MERs for self funding, there's no exchanges and there's no premium tax. So we look to self funding as an opportunity for us and we're looking at ways to think about whether we want to go to smaller case sizes on a self-funded kind of a basis. But frankly, we're not seeing any strong movement towards self funding in the last several months, but they're always looking to see whether we're seeing changes in the way that companies buy our products but haven't seen anything of that of late.
James Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray. We've gotten into some discussions and relationships with large, mostly Government accounts. We don't have any for January of this year. As I step back and try to figure out why that's the case, it appears like the governments that we do business with run in packs, if you will. The first group that we were able to sell for January of this past year, I would characterize as very progressive in terms of their thinking and solutions. And so we were very pleased that we were able to write so many this year. We're having conversations with others. I would suggest that there might be some opportunity to sell some larger cases during the course of 2011, not January, and perhaps more towards January of 2012. What we're trying to do is to demonstrate to these folks that we've seen great success with some of the large cases that we wrote in January of this year, we'll share some of that with you when you're here in November. As respect to our individual sales, there's lots of rhetoric about the number of Private Fee-for-Service exits, just the kind of -- summarize a lot of that, I would suggest that there's probably 700,000 Private Fee-for-Service members where their current carrier is changing. And of that, we're about 100,000 or so of those directionally, which leaves about 600,000 members that are held by our competitors. Of that 600,000, our competitors have products that would cover 250,000 of those individuals and so we'll see the success that our competitors might have on selling them from a Private Fee-for-Service to a network-based offering. So that's something that has to play itself out. Outside of our footprint is another 100,000, so that leaves about 250,000 folks that are in our footprint and don't have competitor offerings that we have to deal with. And so as the leader of the market point organization shared with me, we'll sell as many of those as we possibly can and so that's what we were really targeted on. Other things that are impacting this open enrollment period is the shorter selling season, so that negatively impacts us to some extent. Offsetting that is the stability of our premiums and benefits, and we're looking to see that our persistency improves because of that. So there are really a lot of variables that we're trying to evaluate when we give guidance and when you're here in November, we'll share a lot of that information with you. But at this point, we're comfortable saying we'll sell as many individual members next year as we did this past year.
James Murray: The only thing I would add is that, this past year, we and others in our industry have enjoyed a very good utilization season. We're not anticipating that, that will recur next year because we want to be careful. So our pricing and visions but our trends will go back to normal levels and the windfall that we received this past year might not recurr. So that would be one of the things that I would put out there as you're trying to figure out our earnings from our Commercial block of business next year as something that will impact us. The other thing is the individual business, it's a good thing that it's only 2% of our total revenue. But the MER changing from where it's running today to 80% is a negative.
James Murray: Sure. The narrowing of the window for selling is about, we think, 65,000 less sales that we would make. Offsetting that to some extent, however, is the fact that when you narrow the selling window, you also narrow the termination window. And so we think those are somewhat offsetting, but that in time will play that out for us.
James Murray: When we pulled it forward, we have a couple of things that we've mentioned we're going to be spending in the fourth quarter. Last time we mentioned the $75 million or $0.28 a share, but we didn't describe it to Wal-Mart because we haven't announced Wal-Mart, but that's what it is. But then there's the non-Wal-Mart part, and again, because of the acceleration and because of wanting to make sure that we get ourselves into making expenditures that help us grow profitably, but also give us multiple years of savings and also reduce our medical costs, those are increasing our fourth quarter spending a lot. And again, coming back to your question then I think that, that does pull a lot of it into the fourth quarter in terms of what we're going to be looking at next year.
James Murray: I would agree with that. Just a little bit of color. From a short-term perspective, the shortening of the selling season impacts our career selling organization. But we're really excited with a lot of the focus that we got on other kinds of products throughout the course of the year. And I would suggest that over time, and this will be a journey, that as our selling organization creates relationships with folks around other kinds of products and services that Humana will offer on a retail basis, that the need to do the amount of marketing spend in the last part of the year will begin to diminish. And so that's kind of how we see this playing out. But short-term, as Jim said, it was probably the same amount as last year, plus a little bit more for Wal-Mart.
James Murray: We prefer not to talk about the profitability of any of our individual products. We have a nice margin on our PDP that fits in our 5% framework that we've talked with you about before. What we are anticipating with Wal-Mart also fits in that 5% framework. We've done all kinds of scenarios to identify the best case and the worst case. In terms of risk selections and we feel comfortable with the $15 pricing that we put out there. The formulary is tighter than our existing PDP formulary. We think it's a good formulary. The Government has to approve it. We think it fits nicely with the overall Wal-Mart program and we feel comfortable that the $15 and the structure of the benefit program will allow us to produce a profit, that again, fits within the 5% framework that we've talked with you about many times.
James Murray: We're seeing some small sales. So the relationship is starting to develop and we've got some small successes, but again, this 2012 looks like where we're headed.
James Murray: This Jim Murray again. It's kind of interesting. It looks like everybody is going to wait for everybody else to do something with respect to the commissions and we're in that camp. We've seen two companies, commission structures come out and most of the commission changes, frankly are impacting the individual business. The small group where we've done a lot of studying around that and trying to figure out what we need to do, but frankly, small group for us hasn't been as impacted by health care reform as individuals. So I think what'll happen is, that sometime in January, everybody's going to lay their cards down and we'll try to react accordingly. We've seen again two other company's programs and we feel very good about what we've got coming out. One of the things that we'll share with the brokers that serve us, is that we are making available lots of other kinds of products and services, trying to make it easier for the brokers to do business with us. And so to the extent that we reduce our commission levels, hopefully they can make up some of that by participating in our other programs. And so I think we've got a nice rollout plan. We're waiting for a lot of other folks, so you'll see us rolling out a lot of information in January. We've got a nice tactical plan around that and we feel reasonably comfortable that we'll be in good shape. A lot of what has to happen over the next several years is we've got to move to other distribution channels and we're in the process of doing that. And I think others will do that over time as well.
Michael McCallister: Josh, this concept of managing care and organizing care has been around for a long time and I've been saying for the last year and a half, that I'm really becoming comfortable that we're starting to see traction as we integrate all this because it is a different approach than historically what we have bore out of the Managed Care world. We are dealing with better data sets, better customer relationship management capabilities. We've learned a lot with the work we've done with the most fragile folks we take care of. It's just been interesting now we're beginning to connect better information flows, better data, very focused ROI approach to deciding where we're good to spend our money and where we're going to work. It looks pretty good in terms of being able to squeeze out what I've been talking about forever, which is a huge amount of waste and nonsense in the Medicare program.
Michael McCallister: I'll start. Well, we don't -- barring some changes in terms of the implementation of the MLRs, next year is not going to be a good year for the R [ph] Individual book of business we've separate forward. We're fortunate that it's slightly bigger than it is. But the 80% just doesn't work in the short-term and the administration knows that, we know that and the insurance commissioners know that across the country. So that's why you're seeing so much noise around people trying to think about exceptions to that, deferral of it, delay of it, transition of it. It is very disruptive to the individual market and while it's something that we're not happy with in terms of the impact that Humana, it's not a huge impact to us. And I think at the end of the day, as we get for the rest of it, they're going to realize that this is going at a minimum need to be transitioned, if not, put off completely. But news on 11 on that.
Michael McCallister: I would add that in the large group Medicare space, I don't know that that's going to play out to be a January event every year. This is the type of business where they can change during the year and we've seen some of that in the past. So the timing might be a little bit different on it.
Michael McCallister: As I mentioned, in terms of the trend, you've seen basically, and as Jim has just mentioned, basically we've seen trends dropped 3%. Generally speaking, the most improvement we've seen is in the severity area, the rates continue to be, tends to be good competition and good pressure on the rates, but the severity that is of the services performed have been the larger component of the decline.
Michael McCallister: First, let me say it's not burning a hole in our pocket, let me make that clear. So nothing really has fundamentally change. Obviously, we had great cash flow for the quarter. We're positioned beautifully to do what we need to do strategically. We continued to look at things constantly in terms of the types of things we've shared with you in the past. Around our base businesses, as well as some purple types of things. So we'll continue to do our work, try to find the best use of that cash. We will continue to do that. You saw that we, in fact, bought a few shares this last quarter to kind of keep our toe in the water there and will do so going forward when it makes sense. So nothing has fundamentally changed. I just think it's a pretty high-class problem to have right now given some of the inflection points we're looking at relative to health insurance reform and that sort of thing. So I like where we are.
Michael McCallister: We can never drive the timing of these things, but I would expect some things to occur over the next year or so. We've got a lot of our lions under fire, but nothing to report today.
Michael McCallister: I think that last comment is really what it is personally, when we look at it slightly shorter stays, less intensive procedures, more monitoring around the care that's given, again, as an industry and particularly us as a company. And this comes back to the administrative spend we talked about before. We're getting better at figuring out what the appropriate care is and making sure that the people who really need that care get it. And again, continuing to bargain for rates. And so we put the baseline rate with the severity and talked about them together, but says it was mostly severity.
Michael McCallister: It could be. Again, the way we think of severity, again, has to do with when you look at a given procedure, you compare that procedure to the prior year and prior periods. It seems to us that there's less and there's less complexity in the cases. And again, as an industry, and us as a company, making very sure that the appropriate care has been given and being given to the appropriate patient.
Michael McCallister: Actually, not so much. There, again, in terms of the Medicare, as Mike has mentioned and as we've talked at length and you'll see when you come later this month, the 15 percent Solution has a lot to do with how care is administered and how we help coordinate care, and integrate care for better costs, for lower costs, for better quality, for better outcomes. So that part, we can look that. What I was speaking more of and when I talk more about these trends, I'm talking more about what the Commercial looks like.
Michael McCallister: Well, we'll get into that on the 18th. You've heard the big items there, the Medicare Advantage is going to grow, we've got an interesting opportunity with the PDP, product with Wal-Mart, that's likely to grow. We've got some challenges on the individual business relative to the MLR and I think beyond those major headlines today, I think we'll just wait till the 18 to get into.
Michael McCallister: Well, I think the future of Medicare Advantage is consolidation. The requirements that we're going to be dealing with, whether it's MLR, whether the cost of healthcare, we call it a 15 percent Solution, all those things are going to require investments, a lot of focus and execution and it's good to be difficult for smaller players to hang in there. So I think longer-term, you're going to see a couple of national players. You've named the other one. I think some of the smaller plants will ultimately do with these folks have been doing, which is sell out, and we look at those things whenever they pop up if we're given the opportunity. So we're not opposed to doing acquisitions. We've done them in the past in Medicare and if we can find a good plan that's got a decent infrastructure and physician community, then we would be most interested in it. Having said that, we have awful a lot of confidence that I think we've displayed over the last few years that we have the ability to grow organically. And as more moving parts are thrown into this, which is what we had with health insurance reform, I think that's actually an opportunity for us as it does sell to do quite well on Medicare. So we remain very focused on it, well buy if it makes sense, we'll grow organically under all circumstances and I think the future's pretty bright as long as there's good execution around the 15 percent Solution.
Michael McCallister: We're underway with it. We said in the beginning it is probably more of a 2012 type of thing that it is in 2011. We've been working to get our act together and I think we're well down the road and I think there's big opportunities out there. There's about 11 million people that are getting retiree health care. And I think that represents a nice future opportunity for us as we fine-tune our relationship with them and our ability to give to these employers and show them the value proposition. I can tell you that the value proposition looks very, very good when you sit down with these employers. And It's just a question of how inertia-bound are they? What's their real interests relative to their retirees? And I think it's a nice opportunity, just one of many inside of this Medicare space.
Michael McCallister: One of the things we say around here is, the people can vote with their fate. Currently, our PTO membership has grown from the year end of 352,000 up to 646,000. So I would suggest that, that's a pretty solid demonstration that folks are comfortable with the networks that we've assembled. I think as time goes on, and Mike has shared this with a lot of you in the past, the baby boomers have grown up being comfortable with PPO kinds of products and as we create relationships with the seniors that we serve, I think they get to know Humana and appreciate what Humana does and are willing to accept some network as opposed to the indemnity kinds of things that came with the Private Fee-for-Service offering.
Michael McCallister: I don't think those things can actually be known. We're in the middle of an economic situation that this country hasn't seen in decades. So we were seeing last year in '09, some ramp up of healthcare expenses, we think people are moving all their spending forward as they're worried about losing their jobs. I think we've seen a whiplash on the other direction this year, but there's really no way to know exactly why it's doing what it's doing. So as you look forward, I think the smartest thing for us to do is not assume the level of news we have today going forward because this industry, I've been around a longtime, has been through this before for some reasons expenses have softened up and people started adjusting prices and they always miss the bottom of that when it goes back up again. So we are going to be cautious here. We're going to assume that we get back to more normal rates in the future and that's just our ongoing assumption at this point and it's going to take an awful lot of more data and time for us to get comfortable that we've seen a sort of a permanent change.
Michael McCallister: I don't know of anything significant but I was referring to a couple of things. One is, We're not going to price to the current cost levels and as a result we may lose some business if we have competitors, that in fact are willing to cast their fate with that. So we're just not going to chase that. We've been in this posture for quite a while. I mean, this company has done very, very well in the back of Medicare and some other things. We haven't had the same sort of pressures to have Commercial do but I think that others had to do. And I think we're still in that spot. So we can be smart, we can be cautious and our success is not going to be driven by dramatic, Organic, Commercial business. So we can be cautious and that's what we're going to do.
Michael McCallister: Sarah, again, when we talk about that 300 basis points, that's really a Commercial, and we're looking at a trend and the trends I mentioned in the guidance, back in the Commercial part of the business. Again, as Mike and Jim has said, that's the smaller part of the business that's basically 10% of our pretax. The other part is our Medicare part, that's where we talk about 15 percent Solution and that's where we talk about how give the, as I've mentioned, the appropriate care to those patients who most need it. And that part, again, has helped us and has helped explain, again, how we can continue to keep premiums and benefits level in a year where, again, we've got a 10% challenge in 2010 and we're now saying that overall as a company, we're probably, our earnings will be the best that they've been. We also face the '11 situation where we have in Medicare a 5% trend and we're not getting any increase in rates. Again, we feel good about that. We'll talk more to you about that on the 18th. But again, thinking about those two things, one Commercial and the other Medicare, and then that's how we respond to what has generally improved performance have we talked about today.
Michael McCallister: Let me just follow up and then I'll say it one more time. We don't have everything in front of us that says, expenses are going to go up in the Commercial business next year. All we have is experience and we've seen a strange '09 relative to utilization. We're clearly using a strange '10. So We're in sort of an odd spot right now in terms of trying to predict what medical expenses are going to look like next year. And all I've said, in order to be conservative about our outlook, and not give ourselves in some sort of a buying, we're assuming more normalized numbers for next year. But I don't have anything in front of me right now that from a data perspective that would say that's going to happen.
Michael McCallister: No, I'm not going to get specific, but I will tell you we've studied seniors buying patterns extensively and we know that they segmented into different groups and to think that they're homogenous group would be wrong, they're not. And so, certain people are attracted to certain product designs that's why we have more than one product on the street. Some are focused on the benefits specifically, some are focused on the premiums. And knowing who they are and how to approach them is sort of the secret sauce around here in terms of being able to sell. So we know that this Wal-Mart offering is going to appeal to a pretty wide swap of folks because of this low premium in a way that it's structured and the fact that brands attached to it are quite strong. So all of that matters, we studied it. We continued to do it. We want to get better and better over time and knowing how to reach the market and we've learned a lot in just the last four years and in an area where you're going to have pretty short selling periods, you better be very good at this, so we think it's a critical component of how we operate our Medicare business just to understand how to approach these people. And if we've tripped a couple of times as we've learned this business, as some of you know, but right now I feel pretty good that this particular product is very focused on a pretty wide swap of the population, but it is built on the back of our understanding of what people want.
Michael McCallister: Okay, terrific. Well, Thanks for joining us this morning. We have a lot of work ahead of us. We have a lot of people in this company implementing our health insurance reform bill and we are fully engaged in doing that and we're pleased with the quarter. The year looks good. We're excited about what Medicare is going to do for us in January. We look forward to seeing all of you later this month and I'd like to thank all the Humana associates that are on the call for making this great performance possible. Thank you very much.
James Bloem: We're very pleased with the progress that we've made so far. We know that we have $100 million realized and we have the run rate of $200 million that we're working our way to get in terms of the run rate. We're very assured that we're going to see that for 2011. When we look at our overall spending, though, part of what we said with our administrative cost reductions is that they would be also accompanied by a sort of reconfiguring our competencies to get more in line with what the competitive realities are going to be and what the law was going to require. So when we look at it in an overall sense, you can't really see it on the income statement, although we're very pleased with third quarter results and year-to-date results. But when you look at our SG&A and ratio, that's where I think you can see the real impact of it, if you remove the debt write off that we made in the second quarter, you put 40 basis points off of what we're saying for the year of between 13.5 to 14 so that takes into the 13 in a quarter range and we think that's very good progress given what we've needed to invest in to become compliant and to become effectively competitive in light of the new environment.
James Bloem: That's not determined until we actually sort of see where we sit from a competitive position. So we always have a number out here that we have in mind. But that moves every year, and we've been doing this for several years now based on what we learned relative to our competitive posture.
James Bloem: The group sales for 2010 was about $198,000, so the rest is $730,000 in total, there's plan to plan changes of $150,000.
James Bloem: It's the second one, Scott, the severity is the main driver. There a lot of pressure on rates, but severity is what's driving the reduction in trend.
James Bloem: We think that the guidance we gave is pretty close on rates. But again, you saw that from last quarter, it's like that two knives dropped. So within that range, again, we still believe that severity is the most, but now that the utilization is down and the number of episodes is down, there's pressure on the rates, too.
James Bloem: What we have had before was, we had said in the fourth quarter because of the contract, we were going to write off goodwill, we're not going to do that. In addition to that, we have some transition costs in there which were about $0.06 that went along with exiting the contract and that's stated there. And then one more, there's another $0.06 and that's the $0.06 that comes with the improvement in TRICARE's performance for their overall for the year. So again, TRICARE, that's why we basically said that we, looking at TRICARE for the year now, are saying $0.25 a share is the improvement from when we talk 90 days ago to today.
James Bloem: It was basically, with the TRICARE write off team, additional cost to transition out of the contract because the goodwill write-off is a matter of matching up cash flows with the carrying value of goodwill. But then there were also was originally in there some transition costs. The improvement was basically a forwarding on the operating side of what we would probably have in the fourth quarter into the third quarter.
James Bloem: I think the best thing to do really, John, is to wait until you come here because it is a story that takes a long time to tell that's why we're going to devote a half a day to it. We'll be issuing the guidance I have on the same-day as that. So I have a great feel of time to go through each of those factors. The ones that we've mentioned today, though are the major ones and again, but there's again a lot of new answers and there'll be a lot more questions, I think, if we get into a summary and go on with that. We'd much rather have everyone plan on coming for the half day on November 18.
James Bloem: Yes, it is, and I looked to it earlier, but I didn't quantify it. But yes, it is in terms of -- we have because of the shorter selling season and because of all the non-Wal-Mart pieces, again, these are the kinds of things that help us grow membership, not in the Wal-Mart, but in the other places, help us lower medical costs. We talked earlier about Humana Cares and how we're working hard to get the top 5% of our most chronically I'll people into more integrated care and we're working hard on that. And also, the kinds of things that give a small over year administrative cost savings. So those are the kinds of things that are in the fourth quarter that are not the Wal-Mart.
James Bloem: It's all in there, but it's not explained by that totally. I mean, there's probably about $30 million to $40 million of additional things for the things that I mentioned.
James Bloem: Yes, it is. It' still in the guidance. And again, there were some in the third and some on the fourth equal amounts of each, just $0.07 and $0.07, if you're looking for the $0.14. It has to do with again, strengthening the reserves, the individual business basically helping it move to the near 80%, let's say required at the minimal MNR threshold requirement.
James Bloem: It's basically that marketing spend that's close to the amount. There always are a number of variables, the pluses and the minuses, but the biggest factor would be what I would call a non-Wal-Mart investment spending to get ready for 2011.
