James H. Bloem: As we have said for the Retail segment, which is very largely weighted to the individual Medicare product, that we said would be between 5.4% and 5.6% for 2012.
James H. Bloem: I think that every year stands on its own and we look at where we are when we file the bids in June. So I would say that you should continue to think about a reset to 5%.
James H. Bloem: I think that there's a certain amount of parallelism between the 2011 dividends that we took out, which were based on '10 results, and the 2012 that we expect to be able to take next year in the second quarter based on this year's performance, because the cash flow from operations is similar in both years. So a certain amount of that goes to build the capital, as we've discussed previously, and then the rest will be available after discussions with the various states and the credit rating agencies.
James H. Bloem: Actually, I think it's more driven around the cash itself. And if you look at the 2010, you're right. We did have a very high multiple of net income, about 2x net income for our cash flow from operations. Historically, since the MMA, we've had around 1.5 to 1.6. So I think of it more as 2010 was sort of an abnormal year in terms of cash flow, again being the driver of what gets taken up from the subs. So looking at this year with a comparable cash flow from operations guidance for '11, I would look for similar numbers to be taken up in early '12 based on this year's performance.
James H. Bloem: Well, we've signaled for the year that we're expecting like in the overall Retail segment to have about a 7% pretax margin.
James H. Bloem: Well, as I sort of said in my closing, we look at everything. We look at the acquisitions, as you mentioned, and again, we've announced a couple of those this quarter and feel good about that. There's lots of stuff and we look -- there are lots of properties out there, and we're always looking at everything. So there's that. In terms of releveraging the company, putting more leverage back on the company right now, if you don't have an asset to really look at it in the strategic sense, it's very hard to justify just borrowing money for the sake of borrowing money, because the reinvestment rates are very low and the carry is very high relative to that. Historic -- the difference between those numbers is historically wide. So basically, we tell you what the debt to capital is, and you can figure it out yourself. The idea is saying that we have lots of dry powder to be able to execute on this strategy that Mike described in his remarks. So that's, generally speaking, why we do what we do right now. Then if we have any extra, we continue to look at share repurchase, which we've done 4% of the company so far this year, the $500 million that Mike mentioned. And of course, we initiated the cash dividend. So again, looking at things in a totality on a year-over-year basis, as we do after the years close, we'll continue to update these numbers. But we think we're having a very good balance between acquisitions, CapEx and returns to shareholder via share repurchase and cash dividend.
James H. Bloem: Well, again, as I mentioned before, we expect a closing to be after the regulatory approvals and we're now saying could well spill into 2012. So then we'll have all the other information to put together to make that decision. But we generally make that decision at the closing of each acquisition.
James H. Bloem: Well, in terms of the interest rate, again, the Medicare trend probably -- interest rate is probably the least sensitive to that change because, again, seniors with chronic conditions continue to have their treatments and get their treatment. So I would say that part of it is not there in terms of being that large of a factor like it might be on the Commercial side if that signal had changed in the economy there. But on the 15 percent Solution, I think that's the big driver of why trend is at the lower end of that range that you mentioned, the 4% to 5%.
James H. Bloem: Well, the principal difference between that would be the favorable development that we've had this year that goes into that 7%. That's not assumed in '12.
James H. Bloem: Again, the way we normally say is we give our overall viewpoint at this point in the year, again, we're still 2 months from the beginning of '12, to say how we're going to do for all of '12. So again, what we've said is we didn't go all the way back to 5%, could it be higher? Yes, perhaps it could be higher. We work hard every day with the 15 percent Solution to continue to make these numbers better. But as they sit now, we're basically telling you what's changed from our assumptions in June that we filed to what we know right now before the year starts.
James H. Bloem: Okay. The favorable development is a big part of it. That you get the favorable development, but it's not -- it's up above in that little chart that's in the press release, and it's in my slide.
James H. Bloem: In 2011, TRICARE is approximately about $3.5 billion. And then this year, we're going to take that down, both looking at it from a segment basis, down to about -- down about $2.4 billion. And that $2.4 billion reduction is because of how we're going to account for the new TRICARE contract. It's going to be -- before, we always had the gross revenue and then we had expenses with that, and then we came up with the margin. The old numbers were sort of like $3.5 billion, 3%, $110 million of profit. The new way it works is, again, on an ASO basis. So we report net revenues. That is the net of the costs that we incur in the revenues we recognize. The reason that's happening is because the rules of revenue recognition, when compared to the provisions of the new contract, require that accounting. So again, economically, we're off about $50 million because we're starting off a new contract. Our consolidated revenue is only shown to be up 5% because we're having that maybe 45%, 50% reduction in the others, which is the revenue that was moving from gross to net. So again, I'd like to just keep the economics kind of the same, saying we're starting a new contract and our excellent team of associates and leadership in TRICARE will continue to manage that in a way that improves its profitability over time. But we're showing you what the first year looks like here.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. Typically for Secular Commercial cost trends, we're generally in the 8% range, and we use that for pricing purposes. As Jim guided in his remarks earlier, 200 to 300 basis points below that in 2011, anticipating that will go to 6% to 7% Secular trends next year and currently pricing for a 7%, and we'll see how that all plays out as we go into the first and second quarters of next year.
James E. Murray: The Small Group business for us is growing very nicely. I think that we've guided to growth of -- next year of around 65,000 or so fully insured members, which is primarily our Small Group block of business. We're seeing some nice pickup there. We don't see anything unusual in terms of the pricing environment there. As we've said in the past, the case size that is very competitive in the marketplace is what we were refer to as portfolio, which is 100 to 300 in terms of the case sizes. Lots of mud wrestling out there with the 100 to 300. No one seems to be doing anything dramatic from a company perspective, just a lot of hard work out there in that case side. Other than that, it seems pretty normal.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. Obviously, we're very pleased with the results of the Wal-Mart plan. You can tell that by the fact that we left our pricing and benefit structures in place. It performed very nicely for us. I think Wal-Mart's happy with the volumes that they saw as a result of it, and we're happy with not only the profitability, but also the growth that it allowed us to enjoy as a company. And a good part of the guidance for next year in terms of our 550,000 growth at the midpoint is a result of the Wal-Mart plan. So again, very, very pleased with the way it's performing for us.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. When we do our bids each and every year, as we look backwards, we see a trend environment in the 4% to 5% range, and we use those numbers when we prepare our bids as our what we call Secular trend. And if I were to tell you that looking back onto 2010 and 2011 as it's now beginning to play out, I would suggest that we're probably towards the lower end of that range, maybe even dipping a little bit below in '10 and/or '11. So that's a good thing because it allows us the opportunity to constantly evaluate the value proposition that we provide to the seniors that we serve. And when trends come in lower, it allows us to pass that along to the seniors that are part of our program, and so that's a good thing for us. We talk about the 15 percent Solution quite often, and we're very pleased with how that's playing out for us. We evaluate that quarterly. We did it the last time as of 6/30 of this past year. And again, we saw some nice improvement from the last time that we evaluated that. As respects the individual pieces, obviously, our utilization is lower. A big driver of that is inpatient bed days. But we don't like to get into talking about any specific metric because then we'll be talking about all of the other metrics that are a part of our Medicare cost trends. But you can imagine that if our trends are coming down, that a big piece of that is inpatient utilization.
James E. Murray: Yes, I think one of you who was on the phone evaluated us relative to the rest of the competition and opined that it looked like we were in a very nice position in terms of our competitiveness. And I would suggest that, that probably resulted in us coming out with the 150 at the midpoint guidance in terms of our growth for next year. And we feel very good about that. We feel very good about where we're positioned relative to the competition for the open enrollment selling season. And again, we feel good about the guidance that we've just provided.
James E. Murray: Christine, this is Jim. Are you including the growth in our membership as an offset to that? The $0.35 is net of growth in membership.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. I think you're referring to the ability for us to talk to seniors that have a Prescription Drug Plan about the additional benefits that they might enjoy with the Medicare Advantage. And we haven't been focused on trying to identify those, what are referred to as conversions, from a PDP to an MA. We'll probably report out on that after the selling season is completed. We would anticipate with the additional Wal-Mart membership that the numbers that we've seen over the past couple of years, which have averaged around 25,000, would go up. But we'll report on that, I think, probably next quarter.
James E. Murray: For 2011, for the entire year we're anticipating that we're going to sell 439,000 units, and we are anticipating about 293,000 terminations or disenrollments. Obviously, we anticipate that we're going to sell more than that this coming year as we see probably a stabilization in the terminations that we've seen over the last several years. We embarked this in 2010 and 2011 on trying to stabilize the membership that was a part of our roles, and we were pretty successful in 2010 and '11 to do that. So for 2012, we think we'll probably see an uptick in sales with probably a stable termination with 2011 figures that I just reported.
James E. Murray: In the guidance pages, you can see that the Employer Group overall is shown as a 1% to 1.5% margin. The under-65 part of that was probably on the lower end of that range while the Group Medicare is probably on the higher end of that range.
James E. Murray: This is Jim. Medicaid, for us, as you know, is -- probably 80% of that is located in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. And we have 3 regions that we serve on the island and anticipate increases of perhaps 5% to 6% increase as a result of renegotiation of those 3 regions going forward. So nothing significant. There hasn't been any inclusion in our Medicaid estimates of any of the things that Mike talked about earlier with our evaluation of Medicaid opportunities going forward.
James E. Murray: There'll probably be a tad, but nothing real significant. We're in the Medicaid business in Florida because the providers asked us to be in that business. It's a good offset for -- it balances out their portfolio of patients that they serve. It's not really strategic for us.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. We've talked a lot about improving trends and what we do around the 15 percent Solution. We also proactively are trying to make sure that we're paid for the amount of risk that we assume from the seniors and their conditions as it relates to the chronic illnesses that they have. So there's some element in our yearly bid estimates and our margin rollforwards that represents the impact of us doing a better or worse job with our risk profile work. So that's buried in there, but it's not a significant piece of our margin reset. Most of the margin reset is related to the trends and our anticipation that they're going to be at the 5% that I'd talked about earlier. And our margins go down from the number that we talked about to the 5%.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. We want to grow our Medicare business and our Commercial businesses because of the mail order operation and our other pharmacy operations because it's a wonderful opportunity for us to not only create a differentiated value proposition for the members that we serve, but also it results in a favorable impact to our bottom line. So the more we grow our Medicare and Commercial membership, the better our pharmacy operations do, and you're seeing the beneficial effect of that in that $0.40 number.
James E. Murray: In addition to the membership growth, we're also seeing a nice pickup in the number of members that have chosen to use the mail order operations. That number has grown from as low as 5%, when we first started, somewhere near 20% to 25% of the membership that we serve today. So that's taking up as well as the membership that we just reported.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. The entire company is focused on improving our Star scores. I said on a call, I don't recall which quarter it was, that our goal is to get 5 Stars everywhere. Obviously, it's going to be difficult to do that in some of our product designs like a Private Fee-for-Service or some of the local PPOs, but there are a lot of people at Humana who are focused on improving our Star scores. We're very pleased with what happened during this last accounting. Our Star score targets were achieved, and we see a lot of progress. We do a lot of things, including incentivize providers to deliver good quality and work on some of the HEDIS measures. Our service organization is focused on changing its business model to address the Stars' quality scores. A lot of messaging to the members who most need some of the preventative measures. So there's a lot of things going on. We feel very, very good about our ability to execute. And again, the goal is 5 Stars and I think you're going to see a lot of nice improvement over the next several years from us in that regard.
James E. Murray: When we do our bids for 2012, we did as we've talked about quite a bit today. When we look back over the last 4 or so years, we've been very successful with our ability to drive cost below -- we call the things that we do trend benders. And those are an integral part of our bids. And we've been very good in our ability to deliver on the 15 percent Solution. And as we look at where we're at on the 15 percent Solution -- and frankly, that number has to be 20% in some locations. But we feel very good about where we're positioned and the glide path to 2014. So tentatively looking very solidly at our ability to continue to deliver very good value propositions to the seniors we serve, we feel good about our ability to execute next year.
James E. Murray: Commercial is doing well, but when you think about who takes drugs, it's the seniors. And the more seniors that we have, the more our Health and Well-Being segment is going to grow in the short term, because a lot of it is comprised of our Pharmacy business. So Medicare growth and convincing the Medicare seniors that getting their drugs through the mail is a good thing, will continue to drive those kinds of results that we're seeing today.
James E. Murray: We've evaluated some of what they've done. We've looked at the websites, and we feel very good about where we're positioned.
James E. Murray: Clearly the economy has had some impact on the Commercial inpatient utilization, and we're trying to figure out if there's a rollover effect to the Medicare population as well.
Michael B. McCallister: Okay. When we announced both of these, we had sort of said that we thought that maybe they would close in 2011, but we all have to remember that they're subject to regulatory approval. So we keep them out. As in accordance with our normal policy about acquisitions, when we close, then we make our statements. But the revenues of these, the Arcadian was, I believe, $625 million, and the MD Care's was maybe another $150 million or so over that. So it's about $775 million to $800 million between those 2. We haven't said anything about the profitability, and again, we haven't said anything -- again, in accordance with our policy, that when we close, then we'll be able to comment on each one. But we're very excited about both because, again, of the opportunity to add the 79,000 combined membership.
Michael B. McCallister: Yes, we're going to wait until we acquire them and look at everything and then we'll make the decision as to what we think we should say in terms of the timing and what the run rate going forward will be.
Michael B. McCallister: This is Mike. No, I think one of the critical aspects of this is the simplicity of it from a price and benefit design. So one of the difficulties of all forms of health insurance over the years is the complexity and the local nature of product design and the implication of local health care costs and all that sort of thing. The great thing about the PDP plan is it is drugs. It is national. There's a better shot at making it standard. And although all of our geographies clearly do not perform exactly the same, that's okay. We assumed that when we went in. And the offset is you have an incredible branding opportunity and a simplistic retail message, and I think that's the power of it. So we would really fight the idea of sliding backwards into localized product design. It wouldn't fit the model very well.
Michael B. McCallister: Yes, Charles, this is Mike. I think it's a little too early to start digging through all of that, frankly. What we've done with Concentra is do what integration was necessary over the last 10 months, really fully get on top of their business to understand it, and they are doing quite well. We've acquired a few practices through that over the last 10 months. So there's some expansion going on there. But that strategic implication relative to selling backwards into the employer space, that's largely still in front of us, as well as the PCP management part of the business. All of that's a work in progress around getting ourselves fully organized and being really focused tactically around how to use that asset as we go market to market. And it's always going to be a combination of Concentra versus potentially some capitated players versus other things we do on the doctor side. So I think we'll come back to you later as those things develop. It's a little early.
Michael B. McCallister: Okay. We're looking at that really, really carefully. As you know, we have 250-some-odd thousand duals already, and we understand the implications of what can be done with these folks in terms of giving them better care, and a lot of money to be saved for both the states and the feds and everyone. So it's a great idea to get these duals into managed care. I guess we've said before, we would prefer they came through the Medicare Advantage. I think all of that is still very much up in the air. On the other side of the table, we're looking state-by-state and deciding when it's going to take. Should we step into a state to participate in Medicaid if necessary? They could be a combination of some buildout of our own, some targeted acquisitions in some cases. But all of that is work we're doing. We're preparing for it. We fully anticipate participating in the dual eligibles to the extent we can, and I think that's probably going to be a state-by-state sort of decision as we get into it, which would lead us away from a large-scale Medicaid acquisition, basically.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, let's just say we're on the Hill all the time trying to drive the right agenda. So just leave it at that.
Michael B. McCallister: This is Mike. I would guide you back to the Horn of Plenty, as we call it, chart. I mean, we are all over all of those things, and so we intend to keep ourselves in a position to execute on opportunities as we find them. And the good news, we can afford to do everything we need to do. We said that at the time we upped our stock buyback, as well as our dividend. The good news is we're in a position to do all of it, which is great for us, and we'll be back to you as things develop. But don't look past that Horn of Plenty quickly because we have a very straightforward strategy, which is built off of that picture.
Michael B. McCallister: Christine, that question's really big because it really is at the core of what we try to do every day is try to figure out exactly what drives trend, what part of our 15 percent Solution is doing it versus some sort of macroeconomic implications. And the good news is at least on the 15 percent Solution side, we can actually look at actions and results that are relatively closely tied together with chronic illnesses and this sort of thing. So I think, broadly, we've seen less economic impact on the Medicare population and our population than you would on the Commercial side of the business.
Michael B. McCallister: People don't focus on it directly. I can tell you that both sides of the Hill and everyone up there really understands the implications of it economically. I think right now there's a group of 12 in a room trying to figure out what to do with the entitlement program called Medicare. I don't think this is top of mind. It is a known issue. The way we look at it as a company and the way we build our business is basically to take on all chronically ill, and basically what you're trying to do is keep people as well as you can as long as you can, and that's what this whole coordination of care and management of chronic illnesses is all about. And I think the better we get at that, the more impact we're going to have at some of the issues you've raised. But I would say it's not the top headline. People are uncomfortable with what to do about it, but I think it just falls into the bigger bucket of overall medical management and management of illness and financing of it. And it's a data point that is concerning, but I don't know that it's materially different in terms of how we think about it in the midterm, at least, in terms of managing the business. So...
Michael B. McCallister: I don't think there's been any -- this is Mike. There's been no major shift in the last few months. I mean, I think the big pictures remain the same. I think in order to be successful in Medicare Advantage longer term, scale is going to be required. There's going to be ongoing IT investments needed and the spending there is the same whether you're small or big. And with an 85% MLR on the horizon as a requirement, then I think ultimately, you better have your administration very low, and I think scale is one of the key components of that. That's how we think about that inside of our 15 percent Solution. So longer term, the smaller players I think will find a home somewhere else. And we hope to be a part of that as it occurs and you can see that we're a participant in the opportunities as they pop up. So -- but I don't think anything's shifted in the short term here.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, what we had said in the Employer Group is basically, today, we had raised our MER, if you will, our benefit ratio, by about 125 basis points for this year, and then next year, we took it back 225. So the difference is really only about 1%, and the difference is really what I mentioned before about the Commercial trend. Rather than making an assumption that the Commercial trend was going to go all the way back as we have in the past, we've sort of taken it half the distance back. And so that, basically, to me, explains in the Employer Group segment, sort of where we are. Now you're right to point out that in Group Medicare, we have, over last year, said that we expect 55,000 to 75,000 more members or up 65,000, when in this past year, the year that we're in now, we only had 15,000. So again, in pricing Medicare we look at things for that overall 5%.
Michael B. McCallister: This is Mike. It's been actually a slow start up, and we don't have any business that's come out of that alliance yet. There's a little bit; not enough to really pay much attention to. And so it was always a longer-term effort for us to figure out how to get 2 companies to work together in the Large Group space. So in the short and midterm and long term, I don't know that it makes a whole lot of difference. We're sort of evaluating where we are with this relationship and see if it has any future, and we' report back once those sort of decisions are made. But, I mean, I think the message from that particular transaction is that there's an opportunity in the retirees for big companies, and there's a number of ways to get at that. And we're pretty optimistic about what that looks like in the future. So we'll be back once we know exactly what we're going to do with that relationship.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, I'm not going to get into the contract terms. I mean, obviously, going in, you always keep these things under consideration as you reach an agreement because, when you're going in, you'd better know what your exit strategy is. So yes, all those things were considered as we got into it, and again, we're not going to talk about it this morning, but we have every ability to protect ourselves.
Michael B. McCallister: Certainly it's conservatism. I mean, I've said it call after call after call. I mean, those of us in this space that are in Commercial are looking to the future trying to figure out what's going to happen with trend. And there's offsetting things going on -- there are several things going on, the macroeconomic situation, those implications. We are trying to manage and get better value for money in terms of what we do every day. So, you know, Doug, historically, this industry has missed the uptick in trend. That's been ugly, and I've been through it several times, having been here for 38 years. We would be irresponsible, I think, to go all the way down to what could be a real unusual low trend that's driven by things that we do not control. So perhaps we could grow more if we lowered our prices to reflect all of that. We probably could. I think you have to be cautious here because I believe trends are going to tick back up and nobody really knows when that's going to happen.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, our bids for '12 assume there would be a fix. So we never assume that they're going to actually take those cuts. And it's getting close to the end of the year here, so any number of things could happen. They fixed that retroactively a few times. I don't think there's anything magical about the end of the year, because I think Congress can do it sometime into '12 and then make it retroactive. We have to run our business based on reality, and I think reality says at some time, they're going to fix the doctors. They may kick it down the field for another 6 months or 3 months or something again, but in any case, because of the way we bid and the way our business operates, we basically have to assume it gets fixed because I think that's the right thing to do.
Michael B. McCallister: Our contracts in Medicare generally reflect that we will pay providers what Medicare pays them. So right out of the box, we would be heading in whatever direction the federal government does. But I would caution you that I have a long list of rumors as well, and I think until we see something more definitive out of that group, I think speculating about implications is probably not good. But from a business perspective, our attitude has been and always has been that we're basically on our way to parity relative to payment rates with the old program. So as long as they kind of keep everything level, then we'll be fine because we're operating more effectively than the old program does. So relative to provider payments and all that sort of things, our contracts give us the ability to change and reflect whatever the federal government does. As a matter of fact, it happens automatically, but we'll just have to deal with the specifics once we know them.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, that second part is really long term. I won't go there. I do think from a policy perspective, making changes to the Medigap world is the right thing to do. The induced demand that's a part of that has been well documented. So I mean, we sell Medigap coverage ourselves, but I think from a policy perspective, if I was in Washington trying to solve my Medicare problem, I'd be looking really hard at the implications of Medigap coverage. So to the extent that, that occurs, again, we'll be back where we've always been, that's comparing the value proposition of Medicare Advantage versus Medigap versus traditional Medicare standalone. And I think at the end of the day, we win those comparisons even today with where we are quite effectively. That's why there's 12 million people in Medicare Advantage. So I'm not concerned about changes as long as they're fair and reasonable in terms of application because, at the end of the day, it’s all about executing on what we do. And when we do that, we do fine.
Michael B. McCallister: Well, as we mentioned before when we talked about our trends, basically if you look at inpatient -- inpatient utilization is really the main thing that has been reduced. The other things continue to remain in the sort of mid-single digit range. So there's more outpatient, but inpatient is the one that's flat to negative.
Michael B. McCallister: Okay. Well, thanks for joining us this morning. I think what you've seen here is a solid quarter from our company. Great progress on all things Medicare and in the Commercial business as well. I'm really, really comfortable with where we are going into '12, and we will be guiding you to where we're going to end up in all these lines of business much more closely as we get further into the year. With that, I want to thank all the Humana associates that are on this call that have made this performance possible, and our value proposition remains strong, and we're very optimistic about the future. Thank you for joining us.
Christine Arnold: Two quick questions here. As we think about the Medicare trend, it looks like you said it came down to the low end of the 4% to 5% you've had historically. How are you thinking about leading indicators there? Do you think that a rise in interest rate could spur more utilization as you look kind of historically at Medicare trends which we have a tougher time seeing, or do you think we're just in a point now where we've eliminated unnecessary care and we're at a new low? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Christine Arnold: Okay. It feels to me like there's still some conservatism in there, and I think that's probably the conclusion.
Christine Arnold: Yes, I thought I was in that math, but I may not have been fully accounting for the new membership profitability.
