Brian A. Kane: Sure. Good morning, Ana. Yeah, I'd rather not talk about specifically what we'll do from a competitive perspective, of course. But as I mentioned in my remarks, we do intend to guide next year to an EPS target in excess of our long-term target range of 11% to 15%. I know there's been a lot of questions about that, and so we thought it was important to make sure that was clear. As it relates specifically to our 4.5% to 5% margin target, as we've said previously, we expect to make meaningful progress on the road to getting back to that margin level. Just as a reminder and to level set, one of the reasons, the major reason why we're below the margin target is because of the tax reform investments that we invested in our associates and in our business. And as we've said, over time, we will work to get back to our 4.5% to 5%. But as I said, we will make meaningful progress in that regard next year and guide to a range above our long-term EPS guidance range.
Brian A. Kane: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, Matt. I think we continue to look at that as not being part of our core. I think as we communicated last year in our Shareholder Meeting that we are very oriented to staying focused on what we do well. That's been the Medicare individual or Medicare group and individual MA market. We found that our clinical capabilities and our long-term engagement with individuals in the commercial market was really tough; it was very transitory, it was a market that seemed to use the healthcare system on spot basis. And that really isn't our long-term both strategy and our strength. And we feel there's a significant opportunity in the markets that we are in for significant growth, and we want to stay focused on building the capabilities to service those customers.
Brian A. Kane: Sure. Let me give some context around the quarterly progression on (32:02), we're not going to get to too many specifics. First of all, it's important to note that it's assumed that the Kindred Healthcare transactions will close in the latter half of the year. So, there's some back end waiting there. You mentioned the clinical optimization, and that's an important element, which is the revenue goes away but it takes a little bit of time to remove those costs. I'd rather not quantify that here, but it has a meaningful impact on our quarterly progression. There's also a few one-time expected items on the provider side related to the Conviva acquisition and writing off certain intangibles and the like. So, there are number of things that are assumed in the guidance that results in that quarterly progression. But as I said in my remarks, we feel good about where the numbers are today.
Brian A. Kane: Well, as we said, they really are, I think, resonating in the marketplace, this notion of effectively an ASO product with a stop-loss wrap. We've seen meaningful growth in that area, and I think the financial performance is also really starting to perform, which we like to see. I think it's an attractive offering that gives our employers flexibility and really tailors the product to their needs. So, I think that's why it's resonating in the marketplace.
Brian A. Kane: Good morning, Kevin. So, what we meant on that comment about group MA is that we're in an existing group MA account where we materially expanded the amount of lives that were covered in that particular group MA account. It put more members into the group MA program rather than Medicare secondary. So, it's unrelated to the commercial side. We also won some nice smaller accounts as well and added organic growth in our existing business there too. So really the group MA business is performing quite well, but from a membership perspective as well as from a financial perspective. Obviously, the ASO commercial business, there are some opportunities to cross-sell and the like. That's not where we've been particularly focused, given the fact that we don't have a very large presence in the commercial ASO space, but I think we've been and the team has been very successful at going out and finding new accounts and competing where it makes sense from a financial perspective on some of these larger accounts. So like I said, we feel very good about how the group MA business is progressing.
Brian A. Kane: Medicare secondary. It's effectively a med supp product that group accounts have the option they could go through a group MA product or more of a traditional supplementary wrap. So, in this one instance that I was referring to is that they are putting them into our group MA product, because it's compelling both from a financial perspective for the accounts. It also offers very attractive benefits for the beneficiary. So, it's really a win-win.
Brian A. Kane: Sure. Good morning, A. J. Let me take that one. So, I think on the other capital in Curo and Kindred, we feel pretty good about how that company is now positioned in terms of the capabilities that it has. Obviously, we'll always look for assets that make sense. Our sense today is that that business will be able to self-fund as they look for additional opportunities in the home health and hospice space. That said, we have a very good relationship with our private-equity partners, and if something makes sense, we would certainly look at it. But I think it's fair to say that from a sort of material capital deployment perspective as we sit here today, the $1.1 billion that I mentioned is the number that I think that we can feel pretty good about. As it relates to other potential deployment, it really – I mean, we obviously look at a number of things, I wouldn't be prepared today to commit to something specific in terms of size. We'll look at small transactions, for example, the FPG transaction versus we'll look at larger deals as well, that really depends. But I'm not prepared today to commit to specific capital spending levels. But whatever we do, we're pretty disciplined about how we deploy that capital. I think we're judicious about the optimal forms to get that capital. I think the Kindred deal is an example of that, and so we'll always look to deploy our capital optimally.
Brian A. Kane: Yeah, pharmacy, I would say also running well. Scripts are largely in line with our forecast, maybe slightly better, might be slightly lower than we had anticipated. There's some different mix issues and the like that impacts the cost. But overall, I would say, we're running in line or perhaps slightly better.
Brian A. Kane: Yeah, I'd rather not comment on specifics like that. As we've said in the past, inpatient is probably 25% to 30%; outpatient, another 25%; physician, I think is 15% or 20%, and we use some capitation in there; and pharmacy is the rest. But I think that's broadly what I would point to, so call it, 25% to 30% inpatient, and then call it 20% outpatient, 10% pharmacy, and then the rest sort of other and we have a bunch of different payments we make to our providers and the like, and capitation. So, that's how I sort of break out or frac out the medical spend. But as it relates to specific hip and knees, I'd rather not comment on that. But I would just say more broadly, we're always looking for opportunities to engage with our providers in a value-based way and we think bundles is an interesting opportunity and something that we continue to pursue.
Brian A. Kane: Why don't I take the first question and then hand to Bruce. With regard to the sort of allocation, the algorithm methodology, there are some parameters laid out in the proposal. We feel good about sort of what I'd call material upside relative to our current revenue and membership. There could be some movement there, but I think we feel pretty good about how the methodology is laid out. Obviously, we've got to get through all the protests and the like, but that's really what I'd say on that front.
Brian A. Kane: I'd rather not comment specifically on our financing plans. Obviously, we'll ensure that we're adequately capitalized and have sufficient liquidity. We also have, as you know, a large commercial paper program. But again, just to make sure that you have the math right, it's $1.1 billion for both Kindred and Curo. So, there's a debt financing component that will be done at the asset specifically, would be non-recourse to Humana. And so that's where the $1.1 billion is. Effectively the $800 million we talked about before and approximately $300 million for Curo, that could move a little bit plus or minus. But that's probably how we're thinking about it. But we have sufficient capital to execute what we've laid out.
Bruce D. Broussard: I mean, today, we are looking at all different ways to build and develop clinics, both standalone and retail centers, which today, we do in retail centers, not directly in the store, but adjacent to stores. And we'll continue to look at that. We do see convenience as being an important part of the decisions that individuals make when they choose a primary care clinic.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yeah. As we committed to the shareholders a number of years ago that we would build our Medicaid platform in concert of being able to serve dual-eligible. And in the State of Florida, we've been working really hard in building our TANF capabilities. And we service five regions for a period of time in that marketplace, and we've built a fairly sophisticated capability in that marketplace that is affordable to any other state, it's not specific to Florida. We built it on a platform that allows us to expand that. And I think the recent preliminary grant by the State of Florida for us to serve all regions in that marketplace is just an example of the consistency of our operating model. So, I would say that we have the capabilities today to service members. I would say, it's just a continued expansion of our procurement process that we'll have to continue to look at as we go from state-to-state.
Bruce D. Broussard: We pride ourselves on partnerships in general. I mean, we've been successful both in providers, retailers, such as our Part D product that we have, along with other people that are part of the healthcare system. A retailer provides, I think, some interesting access points for customers that are more convenient. We would think that it would be closer aligned to more of a primary care clinic extended by some lighter care services that could be a referral source for that. And then obviously, any kind of distribution opportunities that would be created from that. Now in our Walmart relationship that we've had long-standing, we've had a very successful Part D relationship with them. In addition, we are part of their distribution, insurance distribution channel that they have and actually manage a lot of that for them. And we see that being in the stores as helpful and convenient for the customer, and in addition, it just drives further traffic to the clinical models and in addition to the distribution model.
Bruce D. Broussard: We have – our market point sales people are in the stores, they would be selling both. They would be selling MA and Part D as a result of that. So, it's just another access point for people to, as they're in the store to learn more about the benefits of MA and Part D. And so, we do have our distribution channel inside the store there. And their customers are making decisions around Medicare.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yeah. We can see preliminary data on that. I think it is fair to say that there is some higher acuity or what we call cost per admission, what we're seeing in the data. It's still something that we are analyzing, part of it may well be the fact that because more of the admissions are moving to outpatient as opposed to inpatient, what's left is a higher acuity level. But that's something that we are analyzing. But again overall, from an overall utilization perspective both rate and volume, we feel good about where we are.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yeah. One of the things about the supplemental benefits, details are still coming out. So, what they are and how they work are going to continue to need to be refined. But in general, over a number of years, we've been working on supplemental benefits through both connecting with charitable organizations, and at the same time, incorporating it in our process and workflow. At this time, I don't think there's anything that I would say that we couldn't deliver through partnerships and other means that would need to be altered in any fashion. We feel very, very equipped and capable as we look at both our clinical programs and the relationships in our communities.
Bruce D. Broussard: We have a number of programs in the test-and-learn phase in different markets and we have found to have significant benefits both on outcomes and on cost. And we'll continue to pursue those on kind of more conditioned-based.
Bruce D. Broussard: And the second front around acquisition and being able to build additional capabilities, we feel really good about the capabilities that we have from a clinical point of view and from a service point of view for the Medicaid population, both in the TANF area and, in addition, in the long-term support service area combined with the Medicare Advantage duals opportunity. Where I think we would constantly look to see if we needed additional capabilities would be in the procurement area, where there's already an existing relationship in that particular state or market, and the barriers-to-entry are much greater outside of just the core capabilities you have. And so, it would be more of a procurement review as opposed to a capability side.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, great. Thank you again for our investors supporting the organization over the period of time you've been with us as an organization. That means a lot to us. And, of course, we couldn't do what we've done this quarter and throughout the year without the support and dedication of our 50,000 associates, and I thank them. So thank you, and everyone have a great day.
