Brian Cane: Well, I would just reiterate what I just mentioned in my remarks, that obviously we’ve worked very, very hard to mitigate the impact. The impact is significant, but we do have a number of tailwinds that we’ve incorporated into our bids, but nonetheless it’s still a material headwind that we have to deal with. Again, we believe we’ll have a competitive product out there for 2020, and again, just reiterating our EPS guidance, high level guidance from last quarter. So I would say that certainly the second quarter outperformance helps us from a bid design perspective, but we still face meaningful headwinds for 2020.
Brian Cane: Good morning, Kevin. We are not prepared to do that. We’ll give more specificity on our third quarter call, as we typically do, and detailed guidance on our fourth quarter call. As I said to the prior question, the second quarter outperformance has helped our bid design, and it’s important to invest those dollars for customers and to ensure that we have a competitive produce, and we’ve worked very hard to do that. You can’t underestimate the impact of the health insurance fee on our customers, and we’ve done everything we can to try to mitigate that.
Brian Cane: Well there is, as you mentioned, a number of proposals out there on Part D that we’re obviously sorting through. As Bruce mentioned in his remarks, we are committed to growing the PDP product over time. It’s an important part of our portfolio, our customers like the product. It’s important for our pharmacy business, and so you’ll see some meaningful product repositioning in 2020, which we’ll talk more about when everything’s finalized on the next quarter call, but we have to see where things shake out versus our competitors. As we mentioned, over time we are committed to growing this business again.
Brian Cane: No, not necessarily. Again, I think we have to see where our competitors ultimately shake out with their benefit design. I would say that we have made some meaningful changes in our plans and we’ll see how those resonate, but it’s important to understand where the marketplace is before we can comment. 
Brian Cane: Good morning Josh. I was referring to off the 1725 on the first part of your question as the baseline, and again that’s really a function of the fact that we’ve taken this outperformance, as I mentioned in my remarks, and invested that into the bid. As we think about the adjusted baseline, we think about our initial guidance, and that’s why it’s off the 1725. As it relates to the ASR, we do feel that our stock is a very good investment, first and foremost. Secondly, we have ample capacity, and doing a billion dollar ASR today really doesn’t meaningfully impact that capacity to execute our strategy. As I mentioned we are looking at a number of what I’d describe as tactical M&A opportunities and we have ample capacity for that, so I wouldn’t read anything into it.  We recently received our dividends up to the parent company and we’ve deleveraged pretty meaningfully from the last ASR that we did, so we felt it appropriate and a good investment to buy back stock.
Brian Cane: Yes, there’s no doubt that over the last several years, there has been a pick-up really across age ranges in MA penetration, Matt. You’re right in that as people get to 67, 68, 69, that penetration tends to increase. I think what happens when people age in, they’re deciding what makes sense, not quite ready to make a commitment. For those who want a Medicare supplement plan, they’re able to get it without getting underwritten, which has some benefits, and then they take their time and figure out what the right plan is. We’re very bullish on the long term prospects of the MA market. If you exclude the Minnesota cost plans this year, which distorted the growth rates, you’re going to see individual MA growth well north of 8%, we think, and that’s obviously quite a robust number. We don’t see any reason for that to stop.  Now again, the HIF does provide headwinds for next year and so I think that could on the margin impact the growth rate, although we haven’t seen that necessarily materially swing the appeal of the product just because of what we’re able to do and all the things that Bruce articulated in his remarks. It is a richer product, there are more benefits. Importantly, there also are care coordination benefits that members don’t get in traditional Medicare, even with the Medicare supplement policy. They’re left to navigate the healthcare system on their own, so that’s where we think Medicare Advantage has great promise and people are really voting with their feet.
Brian Cane: Morning Justin. I would characterize the back half more a function of seasonality and things of that sort. I wouldn’t read too much into it. Our bids do make an assumption about our full year estimate, so we do make a full year estimate. We don’t assume that utilization is going to get better from where it is today, but I think it’s fair to say that you assume it’s going to trail forward largely as how you’re seeing. We’ll see where the back half shakes out. We feel good about the guidance that we’ve given for the back half, but I think some of the differential there is some seasonality factors going on in the back half of this year. 
Brian Cane: I wouldn’t say there’s something new, other than for typically the third quarter, the workday pattern is different and it’s just a higher utilization quarter than we’ve seen in recent years. I think that’s probably the main difference. Small changes in workday seasonality can have a pretty material impact on your MERs, so again I wouldn’t read too much into that. Like I said, we feel good about the guidance we have out there and we’ll see where it ends up.
Brian Cane: Sure. I talked a little bit about it in my remarks. I wouldn’t say it’s really necessarily a pricing dynamic, it’s really a mix dynamic as our book continues to evolve away from the community rated small group space, which has some choppiness in it and just has different dynamics in terms of medical expense ratios, etc. We continue to invest in this business more broadly. We believe there are a number of opportunities for us to play a role in this space and offer a compelling product, so part of the guidance also reflects investing both in the traditional group commercial space but also in the specialty space, meaning largely dental, which runs very good margins and it’s a business that we want to grow particularly as we sell and cross-sell more of it, both to our individual members on the Medicare side as well as our group commercial members. We continue to invest in that segment and we’re bullish about its prospects. 
Brian Cane: Morning Sarah. I think that’s a very fair question, but we’re really not prepared to give that level of granular detail. I would just say that, as I’ve said multiple times, we have worked hard to set up 2020 to be a good year, both on the top line as well as the bottom line, and in order to do that we recognize that we still need to invest and make the business sustainable, so to the extent we can bring investments forward and accelerate them into 2019, we’re going to do that. We’re also, I would say, making incremental investments in 2019 that we don’t necessarily have to make in 2020 so we can accelerate all the things that Bruce articulated in his remarks, because it’s important that we think beyond just 2019 and 2020 and over the next number of years, and that’s really what we’re investing for. So I’m really not prepared to give you specifics - it’s not immaterial, obviously, but again you should take the message that we’re really trying to balance our short term, some of the pressures that we face with long term sustainability.
Brian Cane: It is too early to comment on our relative positioning. We just don’t know the answer to that. I would just say that we have worked hard, as I said, to create a competitive product, and obviously we need to see what others do with their benefit design. We are more impacted, as Bruce said, from the HIF that we’ve talked about, so we do have those incremental headwinds that we have to face, but again for all the things we’ve said in the last hour here, we’re very focused on trying to mitigate that. I would also say that we continue to invest in the broker channel. They’ve been great partners for us, really across the board. We wouldn’t be in the position we’re in were it not for the external broker channel frankly, as well as all the great work that our internal market point team does as well, so we are very focused on cultivating those relationships and giving them the dollars they need to support our product. That’s another element of our strategy.  But we’ll see where it goes. We’ll know more in the next few months where the benefits are, and obviously we’ll have more to say on the third quarter call.
Brian Cane: Again, I don’t know if I would call it necessarily risk deterioration. It’s more just the mix of our membership as they move from one segment to the other and what’s left is a worse risk pool, so from that perspective, yes. Frankly, a lot of the back-up on the MER that isn’t stop-loss related--remember, our stop-loss product is priced at a much higher MER than traditional commercial insurance, so as that mix shifts, remember the ASO is parallel to stop-loss, as that mix shifts you’re going to get higher MER. We’re also impacted this year by some negative PPD - prior period development, from last year that has impacted the medical expense ratio this year, and so year-over-year it’s not an immaterial change for the segment. Remember that this segment for us is very, very small and so small changes and arguable immaterial changes for the company nonetheless have outsized effects on some of the ratios that you see. I think that’s important to take into account as well.
Brian Cane: Sure. With regard to the headwinds, we probably made it plural because the HIF is so big. It is very material. I would also say, though, that while the rate notice was good and actually positive relative to not last year but years before that, we still have trend we have to overcome, unmanaged trend that is in excess of that, so those are just the natural headwinds we typically face. But there’s no doubt that the health insurance fee is far and away the biggest headwind, and it’s a big one. As you know, it’s non-deductible as well, so it’s a big number. That’s really the primary one. With respect to expenses versus productivity, yes that is the same set of activities that we’re undertaking to reduce our admin spend for 2020 while also, I think, setting us up for a stronger company going forward because of the way we are streamlining processes and rationalizing our business. I would say it’s material. I would say it’s definitely meaningful for next year the amount of cost that we’re taking out. As you said, we started talking about this many, many months ago. We started this last year knowing that the HIF could very well come back, and so unlike the 2017 experience where arguably we had lower hanging fruit to go after, we had to really go deeper here to figure out what areas could we be more productive. I would say the teams across the board have done a tremendous job of identifying, and now we’re in the process of executing the initiatives that we’re talking about here. But they are material, and we’ll talk more about it in the coming quarters.
Brian Cane: Sure, it’s a fair question. I’d say it’s a combination of things. Bruce went through a number of things in his remarks, and this integrated care model that we’ve created and all the various touch points that we’ve discussed do move the needle. They definitely do move the needle and, I think, give us a good handle of what the costs are and what members are in need of our clinical intervention . I think that is a part of it. I think we also have a very good handle from our tight financial and operating linkages that we’ve created. I think finance and operations are very tightly aligned and that allows us to see trends early. Really when we see potential issues in trend or we’re seeing a market or a particular product or whatever it may be that’s running a little bit hotter than we expected, we can immediately identify and go after it, so we’ve been very focused and proactive about that.  But look - it’s not an easy business to manage. All of our costs are estimated, and so it’s important to identify these early warning systems that can allow us to identify the issues and then create the clinical programs and the customer engagement platform, and frankly the analytics to be able to identify who needs the intervention. We continue to invest in that. We’re nowhere near where we need to be. This is going to be more and more important over the coming years as the tools we invest in continue to develop, and you’ll see us continue to talk about that. Also, having new distribution channels that we’ve created, whether it’s Kindred or a PIPC or other areas where we can engage our members in different ways, that’s why we continue to invest those channels and in the technology that supports it so we can continue to manage our medical costs. 
Brian Cane: I would say our new members are running in line, maybe slightly better than expectations. I’d say a lot of the upside is in the existing block, both the cost side and the revenue side, so we’re seeing both of that. The good news is that the membership is running--the new membership, because obviously one of the things we’re always focused on when you could grow 480,000 to 500,000 members, what are the members that you’ve got? We’ve been pleasantly, I guess happy to see that the utilization that we’ve seen from those members are running in line or a bit better than expectations, so I would say it’s a lot of the existing block that’s really driving the outperformance on the cost side.
Brian Cane: Sure. This is a business that we’ve worked really hard in two regards. One is to drive trend benders for our retail and group segments, and I think they do a really great job of doing that. The other is to drive standalone EBITDA in the business, notwithstanding the fact that we’re seeing lower utilization than forecast, and sometimes there are trade-offs there.  I would say that the outperformance is pretty balanced across the board. Our pharmacy business is our largest driver of the segment, and it’s running particularly, I would say, on certain areas running better, some areas running in line. But again, small changes there can have a meaningful impact just on the EBITDA. Where we’re seeing, I’d say, greater percentage outperformance is on the Kindred side and on the Conviva side, where we’ve spent a lot of time working to turn around that Conviva business and the numbers are better than what we had in our forecast, and the Kindred team is really executing on the business plan. I also mentioned that our care delivery organization outside Conviva, sort of our new clinics, are running less of a loss, I would say, than we expected, so that’s been positive too.  I would really say it’s balanced contribution across the EBITDA race, which we’re happy to see.
Brian Cane: It’s a fair question. It really depends on where that MA life is coming from - is it HMO, is it PPO, what geography is it in, because certain geographies use mail order less than others, just given some of our risk partners and the like. I would say unfortunately to your question, it really depends. That’s probably not a satisfactory answer. It also frankly depends on where the PDP growth comes from, so some of our plans have much lower mail order penetration that other PDP plans. I would say it depends, but obviously the extra MA growth relative to our expectations is helping our pharmacy business.
Brian Cane: Yes, we’ve commented on this before. I would say we feel good about our group MA growth prospects. There aren’t a host of accounts out there, but there are some, a few guys that we’re chasing, and we feel good about some of the close ratios that we’ve seen. I feel good about where our group MA growth is going to come in next year.
Brian Cane: Yes, we definitely expect group MA growth next year, and I would say I feel good about that group MA growth. I’m not prepared to give you a number, but we feel good about what we’re seeing in the space and the accounts that we’ve already won. We feel good about that.
Bruce Broussard: I would say we continue to see growth in the use of seniors and technology, and we continue with the agents that that will be the case. But more importantly, what we see as being the enabler of technology and where it really comes into play is streamlining within the healthcare system to allow the ability to have more information, to then allow us to have deeper analytics that then allows us to have more proactive interventions. I would say that the investments are around a consumer orientation for self service kind of activities, but it’s much more around enabling providers to be much more proactive in being able to treat and prevent conditions from progressing.
Bruce Broussard: Kevin, I would just add to Brian’s comments, I think out of all the industry players and we as a result of having high PMPM revenue, the industry fee disproportionately affects us more versus others in the industry, so our headwind starting out of the gate was greater. We have worked with this balance of ensuring that we continue to deliver appropriate margin improvement to our shareholders and at the same time continuing to have a competitive product in the marketplace, and at the same time have availability to invest in where we see the industry going with technology and clinical programs. It’s that balance that the management team has faced, and we see the overachievements in 2019 helping achieve that balance. If you were to sit in our day-to-day meetings, you would see that we are very focused on continuing to improve the productivity of the organization, both in the capital deployment area, which was evident by our ASR today, and the ability for us to reinvest our organic growth into returning to the shareholders, but then secondarily also in continuing to invest in the productivity aspects of our business. It’s a high order to try to achieve all these headwinds, but we are working hard on behalf of our shareholders and customers to overcome it. 
Bruce Broussard: I think right now, just to add to Brian’s comments, Peter, we are working hard to reposition, as he said, to a product that we feel would be competitive in the marketplace. Due to some constraints in structure within PDP and other things, it’s not an easy task to navigate through, but I think when plans are published publicly, you’ll see that we are thoughtful about how we approach that. The second thing, similar to what we’re doing in the MA space, we are also focused on how do we continue to make it easier for the brokers and in addition for the customers and oriented to segmentation within that area, so it’s really a two-part approach. We are hesitant to give any kind of estimates because we don’t know the comparator to how we would fit in the marketplace, so it’s not about being timid about next year, it’s just really we are committed to the product, we are committed to making change to make it competitive, but it’s just how do we look to others in the marketplace.
Bruce Broussard: Josh, just to add to that a little bit, one of the unique aspects of Humana has been the strength of our organic growth and the ability for us to generate cash without having to buy earnings, and that has allowed us, I think, to be more opportunistic in returning cash to shareholders and specifically more in stock buybacks. As you’ve seen in the past, we do deals, but the deals have been more oriented to adding capabilities as opposed to just expansion of our existing customer base, because we feel that our value proposition in our existing customer base is strong and enhancing that value proposition through adding capabilities has been the strategy longer term. 
Bruce Broussard: Yes, it doesn’t contemplate rolling out Epic to our clinics. It is really more of an interoperability opportunity versus anything else, and it’s not very material an investment for us as an organization. It really highlights the power once the interoperability is operating of being able to have both easier workflow within the Epic system on behalf of certain administrative matters from us as an organization, but secondarily also the ease of opportunity for us to be able to utilize that information to provide back to the providers on more proactive care management and coordination of care. So it’s a great opportunity, we are excited at the relationship with Epic. I know they’re excited with the relationship with us and being able to take this and be the payor that’s really helping lead them create a payor channel to facilitate a much better and simpler experience, both for the member and for the providers that are using their system.
Bruce Broussard: Well, like every quarter, we really thank everyone’s support and having confidence in the company and continuing to be a supporter, but these results that we reported today cannot be obtained without the strong support by our associates, the 50,000 people that come to work every day, so thanking them for their dedication to improving the health of individuals and making it much easier for them to engage in their health.  Everyone have a great day. Thank you.
