Bruce Broussard: Well, good morning, Kevin. Let me just try to provide some context on our bids and how we roll forward today. When we approached our bids in the spring and early summer this past year, we obviously knew we had a significant pandemic that we had to contend with, and we ran a host of scenarios on the revenue and the cost side to put into pricing what we felt was an appropriate adjustment. And to our certainly countervailing forces, we anticipated that there could be a revenue headwind, we ran various utilization scenarios to see whether there would be any offsets, and we put our assumption into our pricing. Rolling forward to the third quarter, when we gave guidance, obviously a lot of things by definition changed since pricing, and sort of the high level guidance we gave at the time reflected our current view of those headwinds and tailwinds that we would face. I would also remind you that as we've said multiple times throughout the year that our operators were spending a significant amount of time working to try to mitigate any of those revenue headwinds by really trying to see our members, which was really important to get into their homes, visit them either in-person or via telehealth, where we would also have the benefit of being able to document their conditions. And so, we took a really significant effort and invested a lot of dollars to be able to do that. And so, as we approached the third quarter, we understood where we were relative to those expectations and obviously updated our utilization expectations for 2021, and in that context, we provided 2021 guidance or a high-level guidance. November and December happened, a lot changed, significant decrease in utilization which was unexpected as the COVID pandemic really took off and hit levels that really exceeded any expectations and were much higher levels than were even hit in the spring and was nationwide. And so, that clearly impacted our perspective. And so, as we approached the JP Morgan conference in January, we felt it was important to get out to our investors and provide some high level commentary on what we were seeing on potential countervailing headwinds and tailwinds. And so, we've done that. Here we provided obviously a lot of granular detail on that. But, there's a lot of variation in these numbers. I mean you can see there are wide ranges. And we've deliberately provided those wide ranges. We think what's on this page is obviously reasonable. There's nothing that we're seeing that suggest that these numbers aren't reasonable. But where we fall in these ranges on all these variables matters a lot, and that's something obviously that we're going to continue to watch closely, and as appropriate, we would update investors on that. But, I would just say as we said in our remarks that 2021 has heightened uncertainty relative to what we thought coming into the year, and to your question on the HIF, we actually feel we achieved an appropriate balance between giving dollars back to our members through higher benefits, which we did, and giving higher EPS growth to our shareholders where we're exceeding our typical 11% to 15% growth and at our midpoint -- not withstanding all the COVID headwinds and tailwinds, we're still able to guide to a midpoint that's above that range. So, we think we've achieved the right balance. There's no doubt that 2021 has a heightened level of uncertainty and we're going to be monitoring it very closely and keep you updated, which is why we've also I think anchored investors on 2022 with the hope and expectation that that will be a much more normal year.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, Brian, I'll take that, and to give you a little break. Just on the -- really, the third and fourth quarter were fairly aggressive in trying to ensure that our members were utilizing the health system, and in addition that we were being able to provide in-home assessments, and other areas where documentation was appropriate. And I would say we would continue to carry that forward in the first part of this year, and continuing throughout the year, because I would -- we did re-address where we're at, and began to really become aggressive and use all availability. I do believe the biggest area that we are challenged with is just the normal course of people not using the healthcare system. We are very active, both with our value-based providers, and in addition with our outbound engagement with our members to ensure that they are going to the physician office or are utilizing the healthcare system. We'll continue to do that. We have a team of people that are focused on this every day to try to really help, whether it's lining up transportation, to the ability for us to provide telehealth to them, to the ability to have an in-home assessment. And I really would say we'll just continue to do what we did the third, fourth quarter. But getting people into the healthcare system is our biggest, both, opportunity and challenge. And as the healthcare system readjusts itself to really treating COVID and the social isolation becomes more and more of an issue, and more markets are spiking, that really gives us the largest challenge, I think. If it was just COVID-related and it was fairly stable in the marketplace we would be able to navigate through this really affected national programs we have.
Bruce Broussard: I'll take that. We see great results in the primary care clinics, both the ones we own and the affiliated ones. We would see and we've showed a slide on a number of years as physicians continue to evolve deeper value based relationship model, we see superior performance and star scores, typically greater than four to four and a half, we see great MLR, significantly below what the average is in the industry. And we also see a great Net Promoter Score. All that combined, that's why you see us aggressively pursuing both our affiliated relationships and in addition, building our primary care clinics to place our members in those clinics. The challenge with the clinic side is just their organic, there's not enough capacity in the marketplace to fill the demand. So you see a lot of startup clinics from a startup point of view being invested in to build a capacity there. And so for us for more capacity constraint as opposed to for our growth, our growth traditionally has been at equal to and greater than what you see in the traditional 10% to 12% growth that you've seen over the last few years in these clinics and getting more and more members in those clinics. And I think you'll see that growth is accelerating as the capacity becomes more and more available for us. On the value based provider side of the business outside of the ones that are clinic oriented, we continue to see really, really great good results from that, those results are a little less than the clinic results we see. Good star scores received, and four and above, and we see good Net Promoter scores, but it does not compare to the outcomes that we see in the clinic side.
Bruce Broussard: I'd just add, Scott I know this was a active conversation for us in 2020, and how we were going to deal with it and I really have to take my hats off to the team and how they've been able to really develop some deep partnerships with the two major dialysis providers and really be able to evolve relationships to a Value Based Payment Model that shares the risk and that that has helped us in being able to effectively manage the clinical side of this and the cost side, on the clinical side of ESRD. And then the second thing is we continue to invest in innovative models both around the coordination of care, and then also where the care is provided. And those two strategies really have given us more confidence in the ability to manage these patients. As Brian said, the patients will continue to be costly and continue to be no margin or very, very low margin business for us going forward. So again, I think we're in a great shape from where we were a year-ago. And we began talking about this. And as Brian also said, we do see this will be years in the making to see the penetration to the average penetration of MA overall.
Bruce Broussard: Typical to any vulnerable population, whether it's ESRD or other chronic conditions, you do have a higher likelihood of having a more severe cases in those populations, and for us, we are very active in managing the populations that have those as vulnerable condition. So I would say they're different than the average population because of their conditions. But they're not different than our other chronic members, and how we effectively reach out to them and manage them. And they are reflected obviously and the results that Brian was talking about in our and where we look at COVID being more costly in our forecast.
Bruce Broussard: Sure, I'm happy to take that. So just on the rate side, we're waiting to see in our major states are Kentucky and Florida. I think we expect some rate adjustments, and we're waiting to see and we surely bake what our expectations might be into our Medicaid budget. And so we're waiting to see the impact there. With respect to re-determinations, you see, we've got a pretty wide guidance range on Medicaid membership. Effectively, the assumption is, the public health emergency ends in April, will if that happens, then we expect to lose some lives because we saw a nice increase this past year, but as the re-determinations happen, that will cause the membership to decline. And so, I would say that's sort of our base case expectation, as we think about our overall guidance and revenue, et cetera. To the extent that the public health emergency is extended, re-determinations don't happen, that will cause the increase in membership to continue, which again, I think would be relatively immaterial to the overall enterprise. But would cause us to have a higher membership at the end of the year and that, of course, excludes anything from South Carolina or Oklahoma, which will kick in later this year. And our guide excludes that.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, good question. We don't have a bundled type of payment model for COVID. I mean, we have many bundles and other conditions but not for COVID. And we haven't seen that really any uptake with physicians on that. Keep in mind that a lot of the COVID cost is on a DRG basis and incorporated into DRG side, the testing is something of a lesser, lesser magnitude here. So going at risk for that, I think is fairly small and material kind. I think, to broaden your question a little bit, what we do see is that when we do have value-based relationships, the proactiveness of really helping the member in this time is so important for us, especially as you think about downstream costs and other conditions that could occur if not properly maintained and traded. So to answer your question, Oh, we don't say much in COVID bundling and a type of payment, but we do see very different proactive care models and our value-based payment relationships in this time especially with the more vulnerable populations.
Bruce Broussard: Okay, great. Yes, that's right. That is actually for the year. We did see an increase in Mail Penetration as we looked in the early part of the COVID pandemic. We saw it in March and April timeframe as people were really concerned about the lockdown that was happening and therefore were taking 90-day prescriptions and really utilizing the Mail-Order along with the fact that they couldn't get to the drug stores, if they were normal users and became more active users of the Mail-Order. But we have seen is as a result of the convenience of Mail-Order and really, I would say, as a result of our service improvements, you've seen more and more people really converting to Mail-Order as a result of that. So the pandemic we have seen as it helped educate individuals are the benefit of Mail-Order and the ability to continue to utilize it on an ongoing basis, as opposed to just through the pandemic and some of the shutdown periods. So we look at it as first as of as early an accelerator for us. And then the second thing is that we have a very active investment going in and to making it much more consumer-friendly on the Mail-Order side all the way from the digital platforms that are being used to the turnaround time of delivery to be able to ensure that we can meet the expectations and the changing expectations of customers today on when they expect deliveries to happen. And I would say that our goal is to really grow the penetration of Mail-Order in our existing book of business. You ask why sort of high penetration, I would say has been a very concentrated effort by our management team and really all the way from our service centers on the insurance side to our providers, that we have relationships with our Specialty pharmacy area of continuing to remind our members of the benefits of the Mail-Order. And that continued use throughout the organization of bringing the Mail-Order conversation then at the appropriate period of time as really assisted in us being able to increase that, right from the -- much different rate isn't the average in the industry to really a superior rate that you see demand of having
Bruce Broussard: We're big believers in telehealth for all the way from the convenience of the member to really being able to have a channel that is actively engaging with the member of time -- especially the more vulnerable members that transportation is always a limiter for them. Answer to your question about how do we incentivize them? We're really doing it on two sides. First on, we did carry over the zero copay this year to telehealth and carried that on going forward. And then, the second thing that we've also done is we continue to pay equal to our providers a visit versus a telehealth visit. Both of those have been, I think, reducing the barriers and really creating as you said some incentives to use telehealth. We really have a few different strategies of using telehealth. I mean one is around really helping our providers if they don't have telehealth and providing them some technology that that would offer them to utilize it. That's a small need for external providers as they evolve -- become very acquainted with telehealth and being able to use it. Our internal -- our own providers we offer them very sophisticated telehealth platform that they can outreach on the telehealth side. And then the third area that we look at is continuing to work with hospital system, especially in the specialty area where we can have an outreach where specialists might be in short supply in certain markets and being able to offer that at a convenience in the local marketplace. So we do see to help members, I mean help providers, but more importantly we do see as partnering with especially the hospital systems that offer specialty in remote areas.
Bruce Broussard: I don't know if we're different. Amy, are we giving the different payment by the different divisions. I don't think we're providing that. I would just say in general. I know in general we're providing, but I wouldn't want to get into the specifics too.
Bruce Broussard: I think the section is also is -- if it's in the office that -- we can follow-up, but to the office we're doing full reimbursement. If it's not, then it gets more of a reduced rate, but we can get you all the details.
Bruce Broussard: It's really more on the member side, what we find first telehealth, if you use the audio and video today can support documentation. So that is possible and regulatorily came into place the latter part of last year. So it is a way to be able to bring documentation. The problem is that what we see is once there's, when someone uses telehealth, they then use it more frequently. And so, we see a significant use of telehealth, but the members that are using it are more contained, I should say are more refined. And it's not across all our membership. So we could see a significant increase in telehealth, but that increase in telehealth will be over confined membership base, as opposed to across our membership base. And that really comes to one of the barriers we're working with in the communities we serve is that not everyone access. Either shows comfortable with telehealth as a result of some of the technology limitations there or just needs to be educated more they might have the technology, but it might not be integrated. And that's where we see a lot of work needs to be had is the ability for a telehealth to be used in a more broad membership base as opposed to the narrow our membership base that it has today.
Bruce Broussard: Brian can add to this, but the really the telehealth is let me give you an example. We have members today that are using telehealth. We are receiving documentation from the -- on those members. The next visit could be a telehealth visit. And therefore it's not going to improve our documentation any better. We would love to see another member that, that isn't been documented as being able to receive telehealth, but they're not comfortable with using telehealth for whatever reasons I attributed to. So our penetration is more in a narrow our membership base. We are working hard to try to broaden that, but there's a lot of barriers that require that whether it's access to the technology itself or the ability to educate people on how to use telehealth. And that's really what we're talking about. It's a barrier, because it is narrowing the membership that we only are penetrating the smaller membership for documentation.
Bruce Broussard: Well, thanks everyone. Again, we continue to thank you for your support and especially in this time of complexity and through the pandemic and through 2021. As you can see the organization is performing quite well at all levels strategically from our consumer point of view and from our financial performance there, and as we in 2020, I think it's a great thank you to our 50,000 employees that have been dedicated to really delivering these results on behalf of all our constituencies. So thank you again, and I hope everyone is safe and have a great day.
Brian Kane: Kevin, just to add a little bit on the HIF side, our historical practice has been passing the pre-tax onto our members, both the cost and the benefit [indiscernible] come and gone during the year. So, this past bid season was very consistent with what we've done on the pre-tax side and then the post-tax side, the tax benefit and we've always tried to be fair as -- to both our members and shareholders, and we've typically divided that 50-50 both on the cost side and on the benefit side there. So, I think what we've done this year is pretty consistent from our historical treatment of the HIF.
Brian Kane: Yes. Good morning, Josh. So, the way I would think about it, rather than focusing on MERs, I'd rather just focus on pre-tax as what we've discussed in the past. I think it's fair to say that new members tend to be breakeven, [indiscernible] a little bit better -- out of the gate, but not a lot of profitability in the first year. Certainly as we get to the second and third year, we start getting to more of our normalized margins as we're able to document our members' conditions and also get them in our clinical programs. And that really hasn't changed. I think that's consistent with what we've seen, and certainly that's what we typically plan for in our bids. Without providing too much detail on 2022, I think it's fair to say that you might see effectively a catch-up in 2022. So, any MRA revenue headwind we've seen in 2022, which is a function of -- from our existing membership base. So remember, it's not just the members that we've had, but it's also the new members that we got, particularly if they were in other Medicare plans. So if they were a switcher they would also have sort of -- we'd have less of their documentation than normal for the same reasons, because our competitors weren't able to get those conditions documented either. And so you will see sort of in the -- for us the 2021 cohorts as well as, frankly, some of our other cohorts where we weren't able to re-document their conditions, you will see a more of a sort of an increase in 2022. And that will be something that we plan for in our bid as we figure out what percent of normal do we expect to be for 2022 based on 2021 utilization. Hopefully that was clear.
Brian Kane: Yes. So, Ralph, so we don't -- we're not going to give you specific sort of utilization assumptions, that -- that we're very transparent but we can't be that transparent on some of our quarter stuff on that regard. But I would just say as it relates to utilization, we've been thoughtful about sort of normalized trends, and then think about what the impact might be when we did our pricing for 2021 on all these various variables that we've talked about. Really what we mean by normalized baseline is just actually really straightforward, which is to say if you were -- if just stripped out COVID entirely what would the claims assumption be based on sort of the normal inflators we would use from 2021 over 2020. And so whatever sort of secular trends and other things that we billed in, trend benders and other things, we get to sort of a net trend ex-COVID. And that's where the baseline, just to give you a -- make it easier for you to compare relative to, say, a 2020 ex-COVID what the baseline reduction is. And that's why I try to say ex-COVID for Medicare, call it 8.5%-8.6% down for 2020 relative to the 3.6% to 5.5% that we guide today. So again, we think that number is reasonable. Again, we could be wrong. That's -- there's a wide range here. And again, as I just emphasized, that there is more uncertainty around this 2021 number than we would typically have, because when we formulate those trend assumptions that you're asking about we have a lot of historical experience, we have hundreds of actuaries, very smart people working on our trend assumptions. It's something that we think we're very good at and ensuring we bake in the appropriate levels of potential trend variances, we're dealing here in a whole new world with the pandemic, where we have no historical experience. And so that's created some of the challenges in our forecasting.
Brian Kane: Good morning, A.J. I would say on the first question, there's a lag really because as people are not for seeing their doctor and going to the hospital, they're not able to schedule the surgeries, for example, it just takes time for the system to ramp back up. So there's just sort of a natural trail off that just given the volumes we're talking about, they're not insignificant. And it's one of the reasons why we had the tailwinds we had in 2020 was that delay. It just takes time to get the gears cranking again. And they will crank again, and we certainly forecast that. But there is that delay. To the extent the vaccine rolls out more slowly or there's a variant in the virus that we've heard, and that they're not as effective, that for sure can affect our ranges here. We try to capture what we think are reasonable ranges based on today's sets of facts and circumstances. To the extent those facts and circumstances change, it's conceivable that some of these sorts of COVID treatment versus non-COVID costs effect of the impacted; again it's likely that because there's that inverse correlation it will offset one another. Although in the Medicare business it tends to lead to a tailwind, as we've mentioned. Commercial business is not as clear. Back -- as we mentioned in the fourth quarter, we are running a little bit above par all-in. But for the Medicare business we were below. The investments, to your question there, we really, I would say, pulled all those out for 2021, so there's really not any additional flexibility there. We were very clear to confine those investments to 2020. And we've described, we benefit all of our constituents, and really gave back a lot of those dollars, which was important to do, but that was not baked in, in any way, into our 2021 pricing or to our guide.
Brian Kane: Good morning, Justin. So on the MRA side, what we're showing here, effectively is the total headwind net of mitigation. And so as Bruce just described, we did a lot to really try to get our members into the healthcare system and make sure we can see them. And so this is the sort of the full headwind that we currently face and again, we want to be very transparent. But this is net of our mitigation efforts. As it relates to yields, we typically don't as you know guide the PMPMs, but just to help you out, I would say, is sort of flat, maybe modestly up is the way I would describe our individual MA PMPM expectations, and we'll see where that ultimately goes. But there are a lot of things that impact that Justin, as you know, obviously, MRA is one of them, the rate notices and other sequester is another remember this fewer months of sequester relief this year, business mix is a very significant and driver, because there are pretty disparate rates around the country. So depending on where you grow, that can impact it. So there are a host of things that impact yields. But it's a fair question and understand where you're going. Now, I would be disappointed if you didn't ask us about the margin question. So I'm glad you took the opportunity. And I know it's a fair question. I think it's important when you look at the overall retail margin is to remember that there are multiple businesses inside the retail segment. First off, the margin has been impacted by the hits and the fact that it was non-deductible. So there's a lot of geography going on there. And certainly, we thought about aftertax, we sort of managed the pretax but think about the aftertax impact as we thought about our pricing, et cetera. As we just discussed, we balance giving back some of the tax benefit both to our members in the form of higher benefits, as well as to our shareholders. So there're some geography issues that will impact and depress the margin. There also as we've discussed on the PDP side, lot of the margin has come out of that product. And in fact, most of the margin today, if not all the margin today is in the pharmacy for us. We've talked about how that product has become much more of a commodity product that at these levels of premium, it's hard to make money on the insurance side. And so we're doing nicely on the pharmacy side. And so we want to, we'll continue to be aggressive in this business. And as Bruce commented in his remarks, our mail order penetration continues to reach very, very high levels both on the MA side, but also on the PDP side, so -- but again, that's a geography issues as you think about individual MA margins, you need to take that into account. Also, just to be transparent here, your group MA has seen some margin impacts from some of the larger accounts that have been shifting back and forth between major competitors there, when there's margin in those accounts, when they get re-bid, sometimes takes a few years to recover that margin, and so, that that's also driving some of the impact there too. So it is for sure the case that we are below our 4.5% to 5% target, I would say we're reasonably below that target. We're committed to that over the longer-term to get back to that 4.5% to 5% but I would just say there are a lot of things impacting that number. And there's a lot of sort of variables embedded in that retail overall guides that you're looking at.
Brian Kane: I'm happy to start, and Bruce can color on any of the strategic side here, but I would say just from a share numbers perspective, we got about call it 10,000 or so plus or minus lives from ESRD in the ADP, which puts us to around 29,000, 30,000 members, which was really right in line with our expectations, what we expect is as we've said, for a number of quarters here, we think it's going to take several years to get up to the Medicare Advantage penetration, we think that that continues to be the case. And so, I got to say right in line with our expectations. These are not profitable members, I think over time, as we continue to manage them and work with partners and really try to get them before they get the ESRD and slow their disease progression. We think there're real opportunities to drive profitability, but I would say we're getting to the point where it's more or less breakeven, as opposed to having any meaningful losses on these members. But Bruce, I don't know if you want to add anything on that.
Brian Kane: Well, again, I really don't want to be giving guidance on this call for 2022. I would say it's a highest level, certainly our goal is to deliver that 11% to 15% growth. And that's a long-term growth rate and sometimes we're above, there have been times when we've been below, but certainly our goal is to hit the 11% to 15%. And we always have to take the facts and circumstances at the time when we price. So hopefully that -- [multiple speakers]…
