Michael McCallister: Well, Jim can have this. But I think the Concentra acquisition really sort of put the whole idea of the -- on the front burner, because it was not going to fit into our segments at all. And we were going to have to make some change to be able to do that. And so I think that began to get the ball rolling.
Michael McCallister: There's been no change in attitude relative to M&A. We've done those things that make sense when we had opportunities, and we'll continue to do that.
Michael McCallister: Well, we've always had borrowing capacity and could have done things. I mean, I think, that the overall strength of the company is quite obvious. And the fact that we can do the capital deployment on dividends and the share buybacks and not have to worry about the ability to execute on the rest of our strategy, I think, is a real sign of strength.
Michael McCallister: Well, I mean, we would obviously be in the market for Medicare lives, to the extent that they come with an infrastructure management. We've said that for a long time. So Medicare Advantage would be something we'd be interested in. PDP as well, we'd also be interested. I've mentioned it in the past. I think at the end of the day, we're going to find ourselves in some home healthcare services, and it could be both traditional home healthcare, after-hospitalization type of care, as well as some business around helping people stay at home, those sort of things. So those emerging adjacencies around seniors and everything that goes with that. So those are sort of what are thoughts are.
Michael McCallister: Yes, I'm not sure that's number one. It’s hard to find those opportunities, but when we do find them, we're pretty aggressive in terms of pursuing them. So I think, we have clear strategy, it's well laid out, and we're going to look in every space. And we don't drive the timing of those things, unfortunately.
Michael McCallister: Charles, let me add something at 50,000 feet for a second, because it has something to do with our strategy. I think, the days of these big companies being able to work around benefits and find -- try to find discounted networks, and then try to win on messing around with an annual bid for services is -- that game is kind of over, and so then we'll work around the edges. But I can tell you, it's becoming highly obvious to most of them at this point that they're going to actually have do something about the health status of their employees, if they're ever going to get control of this because just working on the insurance side is not effective. So it's one of the reasons we are pretty excited about, frankly, getting into these work-site clinics and getting involved with HumanaVitality and Health and Wellness programs, because I think there's a wave coming and these employers are going to have to turn to something else besides trying to get the insurance companies to compete with each other to solve their problems.
Michael McCallister: There's no update now. Basically, they did receive a lot of comments when they asked for them. You saw what they said publicly, but there's nothing new at this point.
Michael McCallister: Well, the ACO rules that came out were rather lengthy, and so that kind of a complicated environment. So we'll have to wait and see whether the providers respond to that. I think that our history has been pretty clear. I mean, there's been things out there for a long time that look an awful lot like ACOs, and we do business with them. There’s integrated systems, there's PCP-based system, there's hospital-based systems. So we have a lot of relationships with folks that are in the business of being paid in a capitated way, seeking out productivity in medical spend and doing better by doing so. So the basic principle behind this is not new. I think, we will have opportunities to work with some of these to the extent that they are ready to step into that environment. But I think the level to which providers are going to step in is really uncertain. Actually, I've never seen quite so much hype about something, frankly as I have about ACOs. The consultants are doing well in this business, but I don't know at the end of the day whether the providers are actually going to step in here. Based on the math, I'm not sure there's enough upside in there for them. They’re probably much better off working with a private Medicare Advantage plan, if they really want to work in the space. So we're prepared to go in any direction. We've had meetings with some of these folks that are talking about getting into this business. And we've referred them to others that we do business with, in a similar fashion. So we're in the middle of it, we're keeping an eye on it. I think there's more upside here than anything for us as a company. I think it's real uncertain how big this is going to be.
Michael McCallister: Now we can spend a couple of hours on all the implications of Concentra to Humana. I would say that it's going to be doing a little bit of all of it. I mean, it has a real future in helping us with our Medicare business. Clearly, there's going to be a demand for a lot of services, for a lot of newly insured people over the next few years. So just the primary care capacity opportunity is good. And so we'll see. I love the fact that they're big into the work-site clinics space, because it's a different relationship with employers. It gives us an opportunity around health and wellness. So they're going to have multiple facets to their platform, and that's exactly how we think about it, and that's how we spoke about it when we made the acquisition. This is a platform to allow us to respond to needs in a number of places, and the future around Medicare is going to be good with this organization.
Michael McCallister: Well, I don't know that I've seen any real change here. These plans come up periodically. If you look at a place like Florida, there's new plans that open up every year in Medicare. And some of them make it, some of this don't. Those that don't call us. And if you look at around the country, there's others. I wouldn't be shocked by some of our competitors looking to buy their way into the Medicare space. I've said all along it's hard to get in at this point organically and the timing is tough. So I think that when these opportunities pop up, I'm sure there's going to be competition for those properties, and we'll see how that goes. I think we're a great place for M&A -- or for Medicare plans to make a home and our history would say that we get chosen a lot in these processes. So I feel pretty good about our opportunity to buy things. I think it will be more competitive, and I think others are going to realize that they're going to need to be in this space, and this is one way for them to get there.
Michael McCallister: To me, if you've seen one deal, you've seen one deal. It just depends on how big it is, where it is, whether it represents a tuck in or whether it represents a new market entry. There's a lot of implications around how things get priced. And so I don't think there's any rule of thumb you could really hold to.
Michael McCallister: I would add to that, Dave, let's just talk about Medicare for a second. I mean, if the question is, can we run our 5% target profit and live with an 85% benefit ratio? The answer is yes, we think we can do that.
Michael McCallister: We're not looking to have a margin higher than that. So even if we did, we would turn it, put it right back into products…
Michael McCallister: In terms of benefits or premiums. So it would potentially help us grow because we have more -- stronger value proposition.
Michael McCallister: Yes, I've been saying for a while that I think these exchanges are going to have more business in it than a lot of people think. And I think employers will step forward in some ways and move to sort of a defined contribution environment. On the primary care side, I think some directional things are pretty clear, at this point. I mean, it's true that if you suddenly had 30 million people out trying to find primary care, they'd have trouble getting access. So I think we’re going to see continued growth of extenders, nurse practitioners, other lower-tiered providers of sorts filling in some of the routine care. So we've seen that with the small clinics and pharmacies and all that sort of thing. So I think, high-volume demand for PCPs, and I think directionally, you're going to see extensions of all sorts. Whether we have a true shortage long term, I don't know, because I don't know what new technologies and other capabilities are going to come along that would somehow drive demand in one direction or another. But Concentra is beautifully positioned for us to respond to wherever this goes.
Michael McCallister: No, not at all. I think we have the capacity to do all of it. And Jim outlined our debt capacity that's out there still. We got line the credit that has not been tapped. I mean we have plenty of flexibility. And I would not have done the capital deployment move we have done, if I thought it was going to, in any way, affect our ability to execute on the rest.
Michael McCallister: I think the biggest piece is this idea around the individual. I mean this company has more going on with individuals as one-on-one customers than I think anybody in our space. And so I don't think that was clear the way we used to report the company. And I think by doing it this way, it's pretty clear and it will be easier for you to see what's going on, relative to the businesses that we think the future is all about, as well as getting some clarity around some of these support businesses we have such as the PBM activity. That had been buried in the company for a long time, and I think making it visible lets people understand better what we're doing.
Michael McCallister: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I would characterize the quarter as a really good start to the year. I think the company benefits around a clear strategy at this point. We were pleased to be able to do the capital deployment moves we've announced.  And then lastly, I would like to thank all the Humana associates that are on the call for making Humana a better company every quarter. We'll see you next time around. Thank you.
James Bloem: And I think also, Josh, if you go back to Investor Day last November 18, we began to show you the rainbow chart that was in Mike's script. And again, when we did the Concentra acquisition later in December, then we said, "Hey, we're going to really move to do this in the first quarter." It's the easiest to do in the first quarter, also, just for comparability. But also, we really began the year by beginning to think about managing the business, again, from the standpoint of who buys the product, what customer are we focused on, not who is the plan sponsor or what is the product that we're talking about.
James Bloem: I think that what we are trying to show here is that we have a more balanced approach. That this is -- we've now come, as I mentioned in my remarks, to the point where we've got the adequate RBC thresholds for both our subsidiary financial-strength ratings and our parent-debt ratings that we've wanted for a long time. And that because of our growth and our increasing geography, we're -- eluded us, basically, over the 4 years prior to last year. So now we have the ability, really, to do both, Josh. We, basically, can look at acquisitions and investments that further the strategy, and also, we're able to make these commitments to the shareholders in terms of a more robust share repurchase program and the cash dividend.
James Bloem: Yes. They were in line with -- our utilization levels and our claims trend in Medicare were in line with our prior expectations. What was better was our membership.
James Bloem: The biggest one -- the biggest reason for the decline is the lower -- is the lack of favorable development. So remember, always remember that first. Then when you look at the other things, they're pretty much in line with what we had thought before. But again, looking at our first quarter performance, year-over-year, it's basically, an issue of whether or not the favorable development is basically the entire difference.
James Bloem: Yes, Justin, Jim Bloem. In looking at Concentra, one of the things that was very important to us is that we continue to do the business and that they continued to build the business that we bought from them. And then we have the strategic emphasis that we have, with respect to what Mike said about Concentra, that is, we can do a lot more with our members. We have 3 million members that live within 7 miles, et cetera. We've got lots of ability to do our members. But in terms of synergies or knocking down costs or integration costs with Concentra, there's probably not as many as you would think, because, again, we have that $800 million or a little less of core business that they did that are kinds of businesses that we weren't in before. And we're working very hard to preserve that, and to continue to enhance that. And so the real costs are really sort of building out ours. And we're doing that any in a more gradual and nuanced fashion in order to, again, begin to take their capabilities and make them into our capabilities and then do that in places where, again, we have concentrated membership.
James Bloem: Yes, we do. We're not guiding to '12 right now, but yes, it will continue to get better, because again, as we both said, to enhance their capabilities and to have them continue to do what they've been doing before we bought them, you get the benefit of both of those. There's no retardation or there's no diminishment because we're going to try to switch them over which is what some people have thought prior to our discussion of it.
James Bloem: Actually, we always dividend. Every one of those years in there, we dividend as much as we could. But again, because of the growth that we had, particularly, the first 3 years, we had -- it's not on the slide, because you can't put everything on the slide. But the debt to capital of the company just 2 years ago was over 30% because of the borrowings and things that we had to do in addition to leaving the money there and having smaller dividends. And so this year, we weren't as encumbered. But every year, commensurate with what we think the requirements of the state and our credit ratings and the care and feeding of our insurance subsidiaries, our regulated subsidiaries, we dividend as much we could.
James Bloem: No, I don't. I'm sorry, yes, that's exactly what I was trying to say in my remarks. Now that we're between, let's say, 440% and 450% we feel very comfortable. And again, as the slide shows, the blue line, you can see there was a certain discomfort for the 4 or 5 years before.
James Bloem: I think that the best proxy are the earnings of the company in the preceding year, now that we're at the 440%. So this is the best year we ever had, 2010. So this is the highest dividend we've ever taken.
James Bloem: Yes, Peter, that's generally it. The difference is, basically, the interest expense now all appears in the Corporate and Eliminations section and the rest of it is basically shareholder-type expenses and other things that add up to the -- to whatever the difference is. But again, we didn't feel it was really meaningful to highlight it any further. And just basically to take a look then at the interest, the investment income is allocated to the segments based on their capital requirements. And there's an amount that comes over, as you can see, into the consolidated line, into the corporate and others as well.
James Bloem: No, those are consistent. It's just a matter of, again, trying to show more transparency around the different segments by the customer who buys the product and not the sponsor or the product itself.
James Bloem: Yes, we were slightly over that. But again, we continue to work very hard on delivering through the 15 percent Solution, the enhancement to the 5% throughout the year. And until that shows up, we generally don't recognize it, because, again, we need to earn that. Our bids, which are just, for this year -- which we’re just, we're now into May, we'll talk about during the year. But if you look at our pattern of earnings guidance through the year, this is very consistent with what we've done in the past. And then again, people can see how the 15 percent Solution is working. And all the questions we've had today before this, again, come back to the fact that we've run the company really on an 85, 10 and 5 model for a long time. And again, we're going to continue to do that.
James Bloem: We continue to look at it. You know it's never been one of my favorite lines of business. But there's issues relative to dual eligibles, where you've Medicaid overlapping with Medicare. We're constantly looking at that. The whole analysis of what's happening -- going to happen in those exchanges is still underway and how we are going to respond to that. So I think the answer to all that is, are we rushing out to jump into the Medicaid business? Not so much, but we're definitely keeping an eye on it both from the standpoint of the exchanges and the individual relationships, as well as dual eligibles.
James Bloem: Well, I won't use rate, but Medicare is going to continue to grow in the company and so is the individual business, barring something desperately wrong with the exchange environment. So that's going to -- clearly, going to be a growth sector for us. And then I think the Health and Well-Being space is going to grow faster. And I think one of the reasons it's going to be interesting to watch the group health insurance is that it didn't get to do much. And I think we're, in some ways, pretty reflective of what the industry's going to like in that segment. So I think it's important for you all to see and for us to be able to highlight and focus on those things that we know we're spending our energy and time and our growth efforts around. And I just think it's better clarity for everybody.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. The utilization that we're seeing in the first quarter of 2011 for the Group business, that we had the separate segment for this year, seems to be mirroring that, which we saw in 2010. But for purposes of projecting the rest of the year, we anticipate that, that utilization will revert to levels that we saw prior to 2010, therefore, our guidance points. The Medicare utilization seems to be very consistent. 2009, '10 and '11, we don't see significant ups or downs in the Medicare business. So primarily, the Group business seems to be performing better than we had anticipated, and we'll see how the rest of the year plays out.
James Murray: We've always talked about 5% margins in our Medicare business, and we're probably going to stick to that for as far as we can see.
James Murray: Yes. This is Jim Murray. The HumanaOne that's in the Retail segment and the Small Group, which is in the Group segment seemed to be performing very nicely in 2011, kind of a carryover from what we saw at the tail-end of 2010. Where we're seeing some competitive pressure is in case sizes that we here at Humana call portfolio, which is 100 to 300 employees, seems to get a little bit aggressive in terms of pricing from some of the competition. No one in particular. The self-funded business seems to be on periodic cases, which are very large, you'll see some unusual guarantees that would be a part of some of our competitors' equation. When we see those, we don't generally try to chase those, because we don't think those make a lot of sense. So from our perspective, what appears is like happening is that some of the larger players, national players, are getting a little bit more aggressive in terms of the pricing on the larger stuff.
James Murray: We've heard about one of our competitors buying a block of business that had that kind of characteristic. I'm not certain that I'm seeing that significantly. So I haven't seen that begin to develop in the marketplace yet, although that's something that is intriguing because of, some of you know the rules around healthcare reform allow a bit of a opening there that we're also looking at. But I haven't seen that begin to develop yet.
James Murray: That's always been a part of the equation. That's a real, I don't want to say art or science. It gets a little bit crazy, when you have an outside consultant, who becomes part of the process. And some outside consultants don't have the ability, in my opinion, to evaluate claim cost trends, if they don't do a very detailed job. So hopefully, all of our customers in that space will look at the total cost of care, as the way to look at this. Years ago, we saw where procurement departments focused on the fees that were related to this, the administrative costs. That seems to be going away, and companies are looking more at the total cost. One of the things that they don't continue to do, unfortunately, is look at the whole package, where some will carve out behavioral or disease management or pharmacy. What we would love customers to do is to look at the entire bundle of products and services that we can bring to the equation. We haven't seen that develop yet, but that would be something that would be intelligent for larger companies to begin to think about.
James Murray: Yes, this is Jim Murray. I would suggest that we don't have any significant costs whatsoever. In fact, we're looking more at opportunities as the 2 companies get together. We had a meeting about 2 or so months ago where about 40 people got in a room, and we came up with 57 ideas, which we cut down to 15, because we wanted to make sure we were very targeted and effective, things like urgent care steerage are things that were taught. Mike referenced the work-site product being linked with Vitality. We think that there's a real opportunity there. Corporate relationships, we've obviously got a lot of relationships with a lot of companies because of what we've been selling as do they because of their workers’ compensation and occupational medicine relationships. So we're in the process of putting customer lists together. There are some opportunities in our Humana Military to do some business between Humana Military and Concentra. Procurement, a lot of the things that they buy, we buy, and so what can we do in terms of combined buying power. And then finally, and most importantly, the sole area around primary care. They have 700 docs on staff, and there's been a lot of talk about ACOs and things of that nature. And there, being a platform for that opportunity for us, is something that really excites us going forward.
James Murray: You sound just like our Board of Directors, and believe me, we have a pretty wholesome plan going forward to make the numbers that you're asking about work.
James Murray: Periodically, we'll see a company guarantee claim costs, which changes an ASO contract to a fully insured contract, and that's the game that we won't play. And I can't tell you that there's any one in particular. Periodically, one of our large cases will get a bit of a surprise with some of what we hear the competitors' willing to do. But I don't see anybody in particular doing that broad-based.
James Murray: Sure. You all are very familiar that our medical expense ratio on the HumanaOne product was below where the current minimum is sitting. So after we adjusted for the benefit changes that were a part of healthcare reform and after we did some things around trend, we've looked at where we were going to be as a company in 2011 and 2012. And we began to change our pricing to reflect a rebate level that we thought was reasonable and prudent. We didn't want to write significant rebates, but we did want to write some amount of a rebate check. And so our pricing over the last several months has gotten nicely competitive. We are seeing some nice growth on HumanaOne. As we look forward, what we would expect is that HumanaOne will continue to grow. When we step back and think about where HumanaOne sits in our family of products, right now, in 2011, we expect that we'll come close to breaking even. And as we continue to work on our administrative cost structure around HumanaOne, given some of the things that we've had to do because of the minimum medical expense ratio, we say that over the next couple of years, that we can take the medical margins to a number that's reasonable. And our strategy as a company is to create a relationship with those members and sell them all other kinds of products and services, and you see our success in that, in some of the stat sheets that were given. We don't think that the HumanaOnes or the Small Groups or the large group Commercial products long term that the medical piece of that will be significantly profitable. And that's why you've seen us do a lot around Specialty and Ancillary lines. And some of the things Mike talked earlier with, the work site and the rewards and wellness capabilities as an opportunity to make more of a lifetime profit from those members that we have relationships with. That's probably more than you asked for, I apologize.
James Murray: We've had 2 of our regions in doing their 2012 bids. The other 2 are in this week and next. And based upon what we received from the government and the success of the 15 percent Solution, we feel pretty good about what we've seen so far in the first 2 regions. And we think that one of the things we learned this past year with the nice growth and retention that we saw is that stability in terms of premiums and benefits is well received by the seniors that we serve, and that's going to be our philosophical goal going forward. And we think that a lot of the things that we're working on as an organization, particularly, around the 15 percent Solution, allow us to create that stability. And so we're pleased so far. And as we look at some of the 2 regions that are coming in, we don't anticipate any significant market problems to make our pricing and benefits nicely stable again in 2012.
James Murray: We've got some premiums out there with some of the members who are low-income subsidy members, and we're wanting to make sure that those premium levels are acceptable for those members. And we'll see how the rest of the year plays out. We haven't seen anything yet that would suggest that we won't get those premiums from the members collected. But we're just being cautious.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. The 15 percent Solution that we've talked about in the past would give me comfort that we'll have the ability to manage the medical expense ratio in line with the minimums that go into place, I believe, seeing as it relates to the Medicare Advantage business. As respects the HumanaOne piece that's included in the Retail segment, we're seeing some ability currently to manage that in line with the minimum medical expense ratio. So I feel comfortable that we'll be able to make a small single-digit margin in a couple of years as we, as I said earlier, manage down the administrative cost structure. Key to all of the Retail segment is the ability to create a relationship with an individual and cross-sell a lot of different products and services, which will allow us the ability to enhance the margins that we enjoy away from the medical margins that we just discussed. And so that's all an integral part of our strategy, creating a base or a core and a relationship with that individual around a medical product. And then enhancing our ability to cross-sell new products and services into that individual going forward.
James Murray: And the other thing that happens when you grow is that your administrative efficiency continues to get better and better. And so it just really feeds on itself.
James Murray: The results that we're seeing on the claims line for each of the individual products, the Wal-Mart plan, the enhanced plan and the complete plan are very much in line with what we had expected. We're very excited and happy with how each of those lines of business is playing out. And we find ourselves nicely positioned for 2012.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. There's a lot of changes that are going on in distribution right now. And we're in the process of trying to figure out where the puck is headed, things like strategic alliances. The career shop that we have known and loved with our market point associates, we think that, that's a real opportunity to cross sell a lot of products. You referenced the shortening of the MA selling season and the PDP selling season. We're in the process of identifying products to allow those individuals who support us during the open enrollment to sell throughout the course of the year. And so you're seeing some of the positive effect of that in our retail growth results. Call centers, digital sponsorships, associations, affiliating with payroll companies, there's other things, branding relationships. We're in the process of trying to step back and say, "Okay, how have we sold in the past and how do we see this thing migrating over time?" And we're making nice incremental steps to reposition the way that we sell business going forward. It's probably going to take place over the next several years. But we still have a strong broker network and relationship that serves us very well. I just see there's going to be other ways to sell business going forward.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. Just to add some thoughts on a part of our deliberations. When we think about -- to your example just there, the Medicare business has the individual sales that we make on a retail basis. And we do that across the table with our market point reps. And it also includes the Group Medicare business, which we sell to companies. And so for us, having a relationship with a company allows us to sell not only Medical products and Specialty products, but also the Group Medicare products. Mike referenced earlier the Vitality and the Concentra product that we're going to be rolling out here shortly. And relationships with companies will allow us to sell all of those as a bundle. And so a part of this decision was about how we align or organize our management of these different businesses and the end customer and getting closer to the customer as opposed to being closer to a particular product. So that was a big part of what we contemplated when we made these changes.
James Murray: To add to Mike's comments, not that they need to be added to. But when you all came in, in November and we had our investor conference, for years and years, we have always included the Pharmacy business in Commercial, and we just think it's time that people get an opportunity to see what might happen with this Pharmacy business. And you can see that playing out with the guidance and the year-over-year improvement in the Health and Well-Being Services. A lot of that is because of what's happening with the Pharmacy operation. And we just think it's better for you guys to think about it that way, as opposed to burying it in Commercial results.
