Bruce Broussard: Yes, we won't provide the detail on just how it affects the overall. First thing it’s just early in the process. But we do want to continue this practice of being transparent with our investors just on where we are in just two weeks into the AEP. What we are seeing is that new sales volume has been strong and higher than expected. Our close ratios are higher year-over-year than versus what our expectations are. And in addition, our field sales volumes are particularly strong. The call center channel volumes are slightly down year-over-year, which we expected. As I’ve mentioned, our term data is nowhere close to being complete. So, we have limited visibility into that. But what we do see is that we’re seeing improvement in our non-distant [ph] plans. And in addition, we are incorporating about a 100 basis point improvement in our term rate this year, and that’s really a result of what we’re seeing in our relationships with our broker along with the product that we’ve put in place and then just our workflow improvement in both the enrollment area and on the onboarding with our members. So, what we see early on is just a really exciting aspect of where we’re seeing good growth and that good growth is coming across all parts of the organization with continued improvement in our relationships with the channels.
Bruce Broussard: I’ll take the first question, and then I’ll let Susan take the next two. On the 100 basis points, your math is correct, pretty simple there, Justin. So like always, you amaze me on your ability to back into the number.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Maybe I’ll take the latter point and then let Susan take the around the operating leverage. Gary, we do still see and we see conversions from PDP to Medicare Advantage on an ongoing basis. And we see that initial relationship we have with them as an opportunity to expand that relationship. One – two things are happening in PDP. First, there is a few plans that are really at the lower end, and we sort of question how they can get there at the price that they’re offering. And then there’s a group of plans that are sort of in the same area we’re in. So there’s a bifurcation that’s happening in the industry, which is really causing people to, I think, to go to the lower end pricing there as a result of just the aggressiveness in the marketplace. And we’re not going to follow that direction. But what we do see is also because of the value proposition that’s happened in MA that there’s a much larger conversion just overall between PDP to MA and results. It’s really that PDP is a declining business, not only in our company, but as you look at the industry side. But to answer your question, we do see it as a – still as a very viable opportunity for us to expand our MA platform through the PDP conversion as a result of just our relationship with the member and that is a specific strategy within our company.
Bruce Broussard: We did have a insight into our ratings, but we did not have the ability to understand how the industry was going to perform during the Investor Day meeting. We continue to be remained confident and the capabilities of the company, I wouldn't, it gives us more confidence in what we can achieve and in our commitment but I wouldn't say it's going to overly impact that that commitment. But I do, we're very proud of those ratings. I'm very proud of what it means to deliver better health outcomes as well as a better financial performance.
Bruce Broussard: Why don't I – why don't I take the latter and then Susan can take the former. On the M&A side we continue to find the best – best value for use of our capital is really doing in-market acquisitions, and being able to roll those into existing primary care clinics that we have in the marketplace. There's not only the ability to leverage the size and scale in the marketplace, but also the administrative productivity we get and just the ability to continue to offer broader value to the payers we serve. So I think that will be the most likely scenario. Of course we've looked at some of the larger transactions that are out there and have been reviewing that. I think at this time we're not really convinced that's the right direction for us and we'll continue to do in-market. That might change, but based on where the – where the values are trading and what we can do and inside our marketplace, we'll probably do medium-to-smaller acquisitions at this time.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. A few things there A.J., one is just continuing to grow our penetration in mail order and what we see is the opportunity to continue to make that convenient for our customers as a result of being able to have home delivery and what we're really working hard on both of the digital experience, but also shortening the time of delivery through having more warehouses closer to where a large number of our members are. So we are working hard on the opportunity to continue to improve the mail order rate overall. We do have a few customers; I would say small customers that are utilizing our platform under more of a private label. We've seen that. I think that is an area of opportunity but not an area of focus for us. We've done a lot of work on the specialty side and we see the opportunity to continue to grow our specialty business, which is in a more of a provider oriented and an agnostic provider orientation, and the ability to continue to have stronger relationships with the pharmaceutical side and being able to utilize patient compliant programs. So I would say continue to grow our mail order is top through continuing to improve our experience. And then secondarily, our specialty area, we will look at opportunities to private label or do white label for our delivery, but that probably will be less of the focus.
Bruce Broussard: And as you talk about Humira, as we look at both the 2023 and 2024, we continue to see that our existing contracting and the rebates that we receive. And when we compare that to what’s in the marketplace today, we don’t see a significant benefit coming from that. Now maybe as the competition increases and it becomes more oriented to driving down price. We’ll see some benefits. But in the short term, we just don’t see the benefits at.
Bruce Broussard: As I stated at the end of my comments, I’ll just continue to reiterate, I want to say thank you to our 63,000 employees that really make our success every day and what they do. I also want to thank our investors for continuing to support – continue to support us. And as you can tell from the call and from our comments, we’re excited about the strong fundamentals of the industry and as a company and look forward to continuing to provide you updated progress on us meeting the committed. Thank you for your time today, and we look forward to continuing to have the dialogue on our progression.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Kevin. So, as you mentioned, we are seeing a lower-than-anticipated cost trend with the mid-quarter raise in guidance, it’s a little bit confusing, I appreciate. But so the beat in terms of cost trend was relative to our initial expectations for the quarter, which were considered in the $0.25 raise that we announced at our Investor Day in mid-September. So the commentary this morning was relative to our initial expectations. But then again, once we account for the increased guidance, then more in line with what we expected. In terms of Q3 versus Q4, as we look at current fourth quarter MLR consensus, the estimates currently are 87.6% [ph] for retail and 86.7% [ph] for consolidated. I would say that right now, they’re a little bit light and that given the announcement of the 3Q results today, which were higher than The Street estimates and reaffirmation of our full year EPS guide. We would expect that analysts will adjust their models accordingly. And then we would see then an increase in the fourth quarter and full year MLR as a result, which then should be more in line with our current expectations.
Susan Diamond: And then, Justin, in terms of the revenue PMPM, there’s a few things impacting it. There’s always that decline over the course of the year from the seasonality perspective as new members continue to enroll at low – typically lower risk scores and members passed away and those members passing late in to have higher risk scores. The other item that you need for this year is just sequestration, which as you know, sort of ended as of the second quarter, but was in place last year. And so that will have an impact on the year-over-year compare as well. In terms of your question on the fee-for-service adjuster, I mean, honestly, we just aren’t in a position to comment and wouldn’t want to speculate on what the fee-for-service adjuster would be, is it would ultimately be based on fee-for-service data to which we just don’t have access.
Susan Diamond: Sure, Nathan. As we think about 2023, there’s always a variety of puts and takes that we’ll consider. I would say in terms of utilization, and I think we commented on this last quarter, as in respect to our initial expectations, we did not contemplate the better medical cost trend that we have seen develop in 2022. And so that certainly should be something that does continue into 2023, although we would expect some offset in terms of risk adjustment given the lower utilization. So that’s certainly something that we’ll take into account as we estimate MLR for next year, which obviously, we’re not prepared to give guidance on that today, but would certainly provide guidance on our fourth quarter call. In terms of inpatient procedures, I think we’ve also commented with CMS moving to remove certain items from the inpatient-only list, we frankly expected that to be more flat this year. And frankly, we’ve been pleased to see continued inpatient to outpatient movement, particularly with orthopedic procedures. The rates of outpatient sort of service is pretty high for some of those procedures. So in theory, we should start to see some moderation in that continued shift. Just last night, CMS did release the outpatient reimbursement. And within there, there are also some additional changes to the inpatient-only list. That’s something we’ll have to review in greater detail and consider what, if any, implications we think it will have on further shifting trends for 2023. But otherwise, for utilization, I would say, we are counting on sort of normal course baseline utilization trends. As we’ve commented before, there are two items we want to continue to watch. One is flu. I mentioned in my commentary that so far that is in line with expectations, which it is early in the season, but we are anticipating lower than historical levels, given what we’ve seen in the last few years. We will want to monitor that and see if that does continue or if we start to see an uptick, which we’d have to consider for 2023. And then finally, I would just mention that we know that healthcare capacity is constrained. That’s something we continue to watch. The labor trends and other factors and is something we will continue to be mindful of as we evaluate our go-forward medical cost trend estimates if we, in fact, start to see some of that return to higher levels. And it’s a capacity as we’ve been anticipating some additional utilization as well. So again, not prepared this year guidance today on the MLR, but certainly, we’ll do that on our fourth quarter call as we normally do.
Susan Diamond: Yes. And then Gary, to your question on operating leverage, if you recall we were clear that the 20 basis point commitment was on a business mix adjusted basis just recognizing across all of our lines of business. We have varying degrees of admin loads, so we remain committed to that that target and with respect to the PDP decline in particular as you mentioned, the admin rate does run lower than say Medicare for sure and so that will be accounted for in our ultimate operating expense ratio. I would just say with this level of reduction as you said we will work hard across the enterprise to ensure we get the appropriate amount of variable costs out, but then also take some ground on the indirect costs as well to make sure that the rest of the organization isn't pressured as a result.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi Scott. So your first question on the final rule impact and I know we got some questions previously about the proposed 4.2% reduction and gave some commentary that from an enterprise perspective, that would've been about a $30 million hit relative to our sort of expectations at the time of bid. And that's a larger Home and Home Health business but mitigated by what would've been a benefit to the health plan. With the final rule coming out at 0.7%, obviously that headwind is no longer an issue and it would be slightly positive relative to what we thought at the time of bids, but I would say relatively immaterial, but certainly positive to what it would've been at 4.2%, which we had not contemplated earlier in the year. In terms of your question about how we think about the MA space in Home Health, Andy mentioned at Investor Day the work that his team is doing, both on implementing a full value-based model, which is inclusive of utilization management, network management, clinical advancement to take full capitated risk on Medicare patients and as we've mentioned in my commentary, we expect to have 15% of our members covered by that model by the end of the year. In addition, they're also working on value-based reimbursement models for the remainder of our Medicare population initially, and then would expect that we would offer – Kindred would offer those arrangements to other payer – MA payers as well. And so there, we are very focused on the same things making sure that we're driving appropriate utilization of Home Health services, but then also making advancement on the clinical side such that we can improve outcomes and would look to structure that contractually where there's some component of a fee-for-service payment, but then also participate in the savings that Kindred can help drive in terms of total cost of care going forward under a value-based payment model. So we would expect to continue to keep you apprised of our progress there. But we do intend to start with the Humana membership and then once we can demonstrate success, then look to take that to our agnostic payers as well.
Susan Diamond: And then Josh to your second question; we didn't provide specific guidance this morning in terms of the increase in patients expected in our primary care business for 2023, because you can't expect that we will provide some commentary on our fourth quarter call. But what I will say more generally is that we certainly expect an increase in patient panel growth in 2023 relative to what we'll deliver in 2022. And as you said that's due to the additional centers that we've opened and then the continuing maturation of those centers. Some of that increased growth is also, as you sort of alluded to predicated on the improved Humana value proposition, which should then allow us to drive greater panel growth as a result of that. One thing we'll watch pretty closely is Florida in particular; we've made some nice advancement's there in the value proposition. We have a large number of our wholly own centers there and so we're anticipating improved growth within those whole owned centers and that is something in particular we'll be watching closely, but we'll certainly provide more commentary on our fourth quarter in terms of full year expectations for the provider organization patient panel growth.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Michael, so in terms of your first question, in terms of how our thinking has developed since sort of before all the data was released, I would say, as the data came out and we commented investor, we are pleased to see that our positioning is relatively speaking, generally where we expected it to be going into 2023, and that the – certainly the positive rate notice and then in addition, the additional value that our value creation initiative opened up for us in terms of capacity to reinvest into our Medicare product was sufficient to get us back to a really strong value proposition. We’ve been able to also validate through discussions with brokers during that time that they are in agreement with our view that we are very well positioned in 2023. And I think a number of analysts have also had independent calls where they heard the same thing. That was further validation. We do recognize that we expect more change within the call center channel this year given some of the changes those partners are making, some comments they’ve made about reducing marketing, et cetera. And so that’s one of the reasons we continue to remain a little bit cautious in terms of our range, recognizing that we’ll need to see how that develops. But I would say, as Bruce mentioned in his commentary, all the early signals are positive, while we recognize it is still early. In terms of your second question about is there any level of growth that would compromise our EPS contribution for the year? I would say, from a growth perspective no, I think we’ve commented a number of times that new members typically have little to no contribution, but they wouldn’t be negative. They just wouldn’t add incremental earnings accretion in the first year. The more relevant metric is retention. Those members obviously are positive in terms of contribution. And so that’s why we always watch that closely. And to the degree we see outperformance in retention then we would – that could be a tailwind for 2023. And to the degree, it comes in lower, it could be a headwind. But again, based on everything we’re seeing and the strength of our product, we think our retention estimates and the improvement we’re expecting is quite reasonable.
Susan Diamond: Hey, Lisa. So in terms of your first question about flu, so as I mentioned, we are seeing relatively low flu levels. It’s very early in the flu season for the fourth quarter, and so we’ll certainly continue to watch that. In terms of our expectations, we did anticipate in our guide that we would see flu levels higher in the fourth quarter than we’ve seen in the last two years, but not as high as we would have seen pre-COVID. And so far, again, while it’s early, the early trends are consistent with our expectations that we’ll certainly continue to watch that. For 2023, we then assume some further incremental increase in flu going into next year, assuming that it won’t permanently stay at the lower levels we’ve experienced to date. So we’ll certainly keep you guys informed. But so far, we are seeing it run in line with expectations, which are slightly higher than what we experienced previously.
Susan Diamond: Hi Steve, yes, happy to answer that. So as we’ve disclosed previously, our view is that the proposed rule failed to adequately address the statutory requirement of actuarial equivalents by not applying a fee-for-service adjuster to the RADV overpayment calculations. We’ve been very proactive in communicating our position and have provided substantive comments to CMS. And actively engaged, hoping that CMS will address these concerns in the final rule. In addition, we’ve commented a number of times on our internal programs around risk adjustment, and we feel very good about what we feel are industry-leading processes as respect to Medicare Risk adjustment compliance. And our sophisticated mechanisms for correcting risk adjustment data if we determine there to be errors in that data. This has included internal contract level audits that we perform, which we have reported the results of which to CMS, including any identified over payments. And then as you pointed out, we do have a material risk factor. It’s included in our disclosures related to this item. So definitely would encourage investors to review that language as it does represent a material item depending on how the final rule comes out.
Susan Diamond: Hi Rob, yes, in terms of your first question in terms of sort of completion over the course of AEP. I would say you definitely see a little bit more back loaded, particularly say, the last two weeks of the AEP selling cycle, represents a disproportionate percentage of the sales. And so that’s why unfortunately, it generally takes since you get pretty late in the AEP cycle to fully predict what the outcome will be, even as you can imagine, the 2% movement in either retention or sales rates can have a meaningful impact. And so I would say it is back loaded. Terms are even more back loaded. And that’s a function of, if a member were to dis-enroll, they have to enroll another plan. That plan has to communicate it to CMS and then CMS communicated to us, which is why that takes longer for us to be able to see the full completion. In terms of the cash-like benefits and expected utilization, we do expect a very high utilization rate for those benefits. We’ve seen that for the OTC benefit and food card that we’ve offered the last number of years, and we expect that to be the case with some of the new services that are included in our offering for 2023. We also included an enhanced rollover benefit. We expect that to also generate some additional utilization as it provides more flexibility to members. We’ve contemplated all of that, obviously, in our pricing for 2023 and our estimates. And given the high rate of utilization we anticipate, I don’t expect that to create any pressure in terms of our guidance for 2023.
