James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray. The -- we have some markets in Florida, Louisiana and Las Vegas who, over the last number of years, as many of you know, are HMO-related and have focused on proper coding of the risk that we assume as a company. And some of those markets are seeing higher rebasing and recalibration adjustments than some of the other markets that we serve and are impacting us negatively, as Bruce talked about in his remarks.
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray again. The things that we're investing in would be more clinical infrastructure, much like we did during the past year, which is beginning to pay the dividends that you're seeing in our restatements and our improving trends. Things that we're doing are hiring more clinicians. We've seen some success in programs that we refer to as SeniorBridge Humana Cares and some of the clinical assessment work that we're doing. We're in the process of hiring folks. We're going lower in the queue. We're determining that a certain category of individuals who go into those programs, not only from a quality perspective, but also from a cost perspective, we're seeing good results. And so we're going to go a little bit lower in the queue, and that's what's causing the extra infrastructure spend that we're talking about. That's a significant portion of the additional investment. We're also doing some things around marketing and messaging for the open enrollment, both for the Medicare Advantage and the HumanaOne, where we're going to see some exchange activities starting in October that we're pleased and looking forward to. And then I would also say that we're spending some money on the Medicaid infrastructure. Some of you have seen that we're doing some things in terms of winning bids in the Medicare space, and we're excited about that and we're spending to build out those capabilities going forward. So those are the things that we're talking about when we talk about the extra investment.
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray again. We have talked about in the past the 5% margin. It's incredibly early to discuss anything relative to 2014. You all know that we're currently working on our bids. In fact, we've got teams of people in today and next week finalizing our bids. After we finish our bids and feel good about what we've accomplished, we obviously got to look and see what the competition does. We don't get a peek at that until October. And philosophically, I think you're going to hear more from us going forward rather than having an explicit 5% margin target, that we want to think more about long-term earnings growth and the implications of return on invested capital. And I'm not certain that you'll hear us say, "Gosh, we want to have a 5% margin," but we want to grow our earnings meaningfully in the future. And I think we're going to try to change the dialogue around that going forward. And so don't look for a margin target, look for earnings growth targets going forward.
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim again. As somebody pointed out, the net overall funding impact for us is somewhere between 4% to 4.5%. On top of that, you got secular trends that we're dealing with, which can be anywhere from 4% to 6%, depending upon the market. So the amount that we have to deal with, and I guess our competitors would likely have to deal with, is somewhere between an 8% to 10% -- 10.5% issue. The playbook that we talked about with all of you many times on the past is trend vendors. And you -- we've been successful in the past and you've seen a lot of investment spend specifically designed to enhance our trend vendors going forward. The risk coding improvement and some of the investments that we talked about today and at the end of the year are also focused on that. So we anticipate some lift because of those things. We've got premium and benefit cuts that we can evaluate on a market-by-market basis. The providers, some of the deals that we have with providers are risk-based and various forms of risk arrangements with providers throughout the United States, where they will participate in those cuts with us, and so some of that will be absorbed by the providers that we work with. And also, market exit is another thing that we can evaluate for those markets that don't make a lot of sense and are drags, if you will, on some of our overall results. We don't want to get into anything competitively as what's happening with many of our competition [indiscernible] includes some of the markets that we look at are better than what I just described, some of them are worse. We're dealing with something that you all know, called the TBC, which I would tell you may have had some unintended consequences because we're evaluating that in terms of whether we want to exit a market now. But when I get done and the team gets done looking at all of this and we've been talking about it for 2 weeks now, there's still a significant economic value that we provide to the members that we serve. And in addition to that, the assets that we have as a company that we've been very proud of, marketPOINT being one of those and the relationships that we worked hard to develop with the members that we serve, which Bruce referenced in terms of 7- to 10-year relationships. Because of all of those things and I think our brand as a company that focuses on the senior population, I feel very comfortable in our ability to grow our membership year-over-year, regardless of what our competition does.
James E. Murray: I'm old and graying. As time goes on, I'm not sure I could remember exactly what happened in 2010. I will tell you that the multiple effect of 4 years of rate reductions is having somewhat of an impact on our economic value proposition. But I, frankly, don't recall exactly what it was in 2010 which drove some of the favorable results that we experienced as an organization.
James E. Murray: Yes, to your question on the exchanges. On the individual exchange, we -- I believe the team is aligning around participating on 14 exchanges in various -- of the states that we have significant network strength and we're pretty excited about that. And to your second question, the team was a little bit surprised about the growth that we saw in the first quarter, and that is the impact that improves our guidance and not so much what we expect to happen when the exchange goes into play in October.
James E. Murray: All right on. And the only thing that I would share is in, I'm sure everybody on the phone recognizes this, that the reason that we're focused on this is it moves the care delivery from focusing on an individual sickness to focusing on an individual's wellness and trying to get in front of some of the events that individuals have. And to Bruce's point, that then, as that plays itself out, really gets to the satisfaction that we enjoy when we have those kinds of models. So it's just a win-win as we move towards that more population health kind of a perspective.
James E. Murray: A.J., we will just continue to keep forward -- to have some forward-looking in how we are doing in our path to risk relationships and how are those relationships evolving, both moving to an HMO model and in addition, how we are continuing to build better relationships with their providers.
James E. Murray: Yes, I think Bruce referenced earlier, if you look at where we're at now, I think he referenced 47%. And as we -- one of the other areas of investment that we have for 2013 is accelerating the acquisition of primary care physician practices and building primary care physician practices where we're excited about what's developing there. We have 17 clinics that we're in the process of building where we just closed on a recent acquisition in Texas with a medical group that we're very, very pleased about. Those efforts are going to accelerate. I think the last time we were together, we talked about the desire to acquire 1,000 physician practices over the next 3 years. And so all of those things are going to be part of what you're going to see us focusing on as we move more from insurance to care delivery. But again, right now, it's really early. It's May, I think it's May 1. And so providing color and numbers relative to how we're going to do in '14 is really, really early. There's too many things that yet need to be figured. But we're really, really focused as an organization on expanding our clinical model, moving our relationships more to be risk-based and that's what we wake up thinking about day in and day out.
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim. The market leadership has put together a document, if you will, that evaluates 80 markets throughout the United States. And they've put together their strategies and plans and the relationships that they want to create in all of those markets. And what falls out, there are some markets where the provider systems that exist in those particular markets are such that we don't see any kind of long-term success there. And so for that reason, it's likely that those are markets that we need to think about differently than we have in the past. And the other dynamic that I mentioned earlier is this whole PVC calculation, and the teams understand the mechanics of that a lot better than I do. But what it creates is a dynamic that over time, if you don't choose to exit today, it could get worse for you. And so they're stepping back and they're thinking really long term about a particular market and they're choosing, I think, this year to say, "Maybe it's time to close up shop."
James E. Murray: We have a team of actuaries that have evaluated the new enrollment in all those programs and they do regular evaluations of savings. But I hate to talk about it that way. I'd rather talk about it more from a quality perspective. And by the way, it's really good from a cost perspective as well. Suffice it to say, that I told you earlier that we're going to go lower in the queue. So that tells me that there's tremendous opportunity to get folks in these kind of clinical programs that stabilize them in their homes. They're well received. The members love them. We love them. It's the right thing to do. And -- oh, by the way, it's starts with the trend benders. And I'd rather not to talk about ROIs and things like that because I just don't think that's the right way to think about it.
James E. Murray: Well, I think we reported some fairly strong earnings in the first quarter and you saw some favorable restatements from last year. I think a lot of the spending that we did because we have the second quarter issues, which was embarrassing for us, are beginning to pay dividends this year. And we feel good about what's happening in 2013. They need to continue in order for 2014 to be a good year for us as well.
James E. Murray: We're in the process -- some of our contracts stipulate that, that gets explicitly passed down. Some of our contracts, it's kind of a relationship and negotiation, and we're in the process of working with all the provider partners to pass as much of that as possible. You have to step back and say, "Gosh, we can keep pushing down a lot of stuff, but what do we have at the end of the day because we've done some damage to the provider network that we think is one of our strongest assets?" And so that's just a market-by-market, provider-by-provider evaluation that we need to make and I know the team that's out there does a lot of smart things in terms of evaluating all of that.
James E. Murray: Earlier, I referenced the 1,000 physician practices that we're targeting, acquiring over the next several years to set up -- us up well for the long term. When we began to provide that infrastructure and that business, I would expect that you're going to see some really strong earnings growth in the future. Not to mention the pharmacy business, that is a wonderful contributor for us and has been over the last number of years. So I believe the health services organization, after we get through this period of investment spending that we've detailed, will be a significant contributor going forward.
James E. Murray: I would estimate that we'll see the beneficial effects of a lot of this probably more in '15 because we've got some issues relative to '14 with some of the pushdown that I talked about of these funding cuts that are -- is going to impact those businesses in '14. I would expect that you'll see some nice lift starting in '15.
James E. Murray: The contracts that we have with all the Employer Groups are generally 1 year. We have negotiations. Many of those negotiations are going on as we speak. There are negative spreads in -- and I described those earlier when I said, I think I said 8% to 10%. But those same toolbox items that we have for our individual also work for the group. And so I don't -- the spread is going to be reduced because of all those good things that we're doing. Group members also participate in SeniorBridge and Humana Cares, are also a part of the clinical assessments program. And so we're in the process of talking to a number of the large groups that we do business with. They're very excited and happy with the work that we do. One of the constant things that they do is measure where our premium that we charge for the RAP benefit relates to itself against the Medicare supplement opportunity. And we're always in pretty good shape with that right respect. So I feel very good about the group business going forward.
James E. Murray: I would tell you that I wish that more of the groups that we work with would be more willing to think about different benefit designs, so that we can get the members that we serve thinking more about wellness as opposed to sickness because a lot of those are more PPO-based than they are HMO-based. But again, the same levers that we pull for the individual business that exist throughout all the United States also impact the dynamics of the group Medicare membership that we serve. And so we have a lot of things and levers that we can pull to continue to create a value proposition for the Employer Groups that we serve there. But again, I wish they would be more willing to think about different benefit designs and get those members more engaged in their care delivery and working with us going forward. But I feel -- as I look out for the next several years, I see a lot of economic value that we can provide -- continue to provide those -- to those customers that we serve.
James E. Murray: This is Jim. I'm not sure that I have a particular one item that concerns me. The one thing that I would tell you, I don't know whether the team that's around the table shares this, is I'm not sure how 2013 is going to turn out. And if it gets -- continues to get better, comparisons to next year are going to be more difficult. But having said that, if '13 continues to get better, that's a nice target for 2014. I don't think of anything as a one particular area that I'm most concerned about other than the hill that we have to climb in terms of the 8% to 10% headwind that I kind of detailed earlier.
James E. Murray: They took my CPA away a long time ago, but I think that earnings growth ultimately drives our share price. And so focusing on growing our earnings going forward each year will help us to drive our share price going forward. And so that's a part of how we're beginning to think as opposed to a margin target explicitly.
Bruce D. Broussard: And just to add to that. I think the investor should take away the investments that we're making are incremental, but the results that we have proven, especially from the second quarter through the fourth quarter of this past year, we've seen some great results of how these investments are or are just accelerating those to prepare for 2014.
Bruce D. Broussard: We can't give you specifics. This is Bruce. I can't give you specifics relative to the -- how much is being pulled forward. I do believe, based on all the analysis that's being done by MedPAC, that the Medicare Advantage rates are becoming equal to or less than the Medicare fee-for-service range. And I think that as you see that, a lot of the benchmark changes and all of the recalibration, I think, will slow down as we are continuing to have a higher value proposition when compared to Medicare fee-for-service.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, in regards to the rate, as the 4% that we talked about overall, that rate includes the Stars programs. So that does reflect that. It also includes the industry fee that you referenced. So it is an all-in rate. In regards to the Stars program itself, I mean, we obviously had a great year last year and demonstrated our commitment to the quality of our programs. And I think we'll just continue to make that investment. We're not prepared to say that we're going to be at the level on the improvement that we've seen in the past. But our commitment to it and our investments continue to be probably at the -- leading the industry.
Bruce D. Broussard: Justin, just to add to that, I think a few important points as we look at our membership growth. In our segmentation analysis of our members, we have really proved out that the long-term value of a member is not just the first year and continuing to have a relationship with that member over a 7- to 10-year period that time has allowed us to historically grow, and we see that continuing going forward. So as we look at our growth, it's not only how we look at it year-by-year, but it's also the relationship that we established over the years with that individual. The second aspect is, as we look at the organization and probably a little different than a number of our competitors, is that our growth has been primarily around organic growth, that the members have come in and we have grown, not as much from an acquisition point of view, but from the ability to grow members based on the sales and marketing and the value proposition we have. And we look at that as a very key differentiator from an investor point of view as you go forward. I know your question was specifically, what are we going to look at a 10% or a 15% or a 7% kind of return on capital for our Medicare Advantage? And I think what we look at is over the long term, we will continue to exceed our cost of capital through organic growth and long-term value that we receive from our members as having a long-term relationship with them and continuing to enhance their -- the care model through that relationship.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, Matt, to add to that. I think a few additions. I think the assets that Jim referred to -- our sales force, our brand, our clinical capabilities is going to be very important in the future as a result of that becoming a tighter and tighter business relative to both margins and the ability for a competitor to earn reasonable return in this business. And I think the stronger will get stronger and the weaker will get weaker and the barriers to entry in the business are increasing as a result of these pressures. And I think companies like Humana are positioned well to take advantage of the demographic growth that is happening. And I truly believe, and I think what this quarter demonstrates, that our ability to add value clinically when compared to the Medicare fee-for-service program is a great, great example and I think has long-term fundamental growth for the organization and the ability to add value back to the industry.
Bruce D. Broussard: Let me -- my memory is always short so let me try to answer those. If I don't answer them properly, reroute it. In regards to the management incentive plan, I think you saw an announcement or an 8-K around a performance share-based plan that we filed, I think, last month or so. One of those components is actually the ROIC-related indicator. So for the management team, we are very much aligned in that aspect. Even before my arrival at the organization, ROIC was an important part of the organization. And Jim, in fact, I think my second day on the job, Jim brought a slide to me that showed ROIC over the last 10 years and how the company has performed on that regard. So it has been an active part of the internal management of the business, but really was never incorporated in the compensation side. And working with the comp committee and also working with the management team, we concluded, as we look forward, that ROIC gives us the best indication of the right investments to make, and in addition, being right aligned with the shareholders. So for us, it's -- I think it's a good indication for the shareholders that we are walking side-by-side with you and over the years, demonstrates the long-term success of a -- of returns for our shareholders. In regards to the buyback side and regards to accelerating that, I think we continue to maintain the posture we've maintained historically and that is, is that we'll make the right investments, both in giving money back to the shareholders, and at the same time, making strategic investments in that regard. And I -- this program should not weigh that decision one way or the other. I think it will continue to be what we've done in the past. And as we see more clarity in the business and opportunities to deploy the capital back to the shareholders present itself, then we'll obviously be sensitive to that.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think -- I don't -- wouldn't say it's a different strategy. I think it's just taking -- it's an extension of what we're doing already. But I do believe it is taking into account the long-term value that we see in having a relationship with the Medicare member and being able to look at our earnings, not only just on the short-term earnings basis, but really on the long-term aspect of adding value to both the member and our shareholders. So I wouldn't call it a change, and I wouldn't say that we're just going to go out and grab share irresponsibly. I think it is just a constant way to say what is the best interest over a 3- or 4-year period of time for our shareholders and our members and how do we look at that as opposed to just looking at a year-by-year bid strategy. And that's how our decisions are made.
Bruce D. Broussard: No. We're in the middle of bids and this is a very competitive environment. Some markets look better than other markets. We've got all kinds of the things in our toolkit that we're focused on in certain markets. Some of those tools are more impactful than in other markets. And next week, when we do our, what we call, our lockdown meetings, we'll get a sense for how it's all rolling up in total. But for purposes of competitiveness, I'd just as soon tell you that we're working really hard to figure out where we need to be market-by-market. We've been successful in the past with this effort, and we're cautiously optimistic we'll be successful again for next year.
Bruce D. Broussard: In general, what we're seeing in the physician community is that they're -- they have pressures from all sides. So I wouldn't -- this is a relative measurement, and I think any pressure that's coming from Medicare Advantage is probably multiplied in the commercial space, and in addition, in the Medicare fee-for-service space. So I would say that in the proper setting, this is actually a benefit for the physicians because it allows them, as Jim said, to move from treating patients to the ability to look at patients from a -- from their health point of view and evolving them. And we find that physicians are excited about that because it becomes less of a volume game and more around quality and cost. And so we find them to embrace it. In regards to how much can we flex, I mean, we continue to believe being a partner with physicians is important, and therefore, our ability to flex and push rates down are dependent on our relationship with them. I mean, we have contractual relationships and with a lot of the groups out there today and those contractual relationships allow us to pass those rates on and the reduction to them, which we will do. But what we are generally seeing in the marketplace is that physicians and organizations do much better when properly given the tools and given the proper motivation in a risk-based environment than a fee-for-service environment. And if we can help through our path to risk programs and our ability to invest and help them evolve, we think we have a long-term success in those relationships and really are helping them out in the pressures outside of Medicare Advantage.
Bruce D. Broussard: I don't -- I wouldn't -- I'm trying to follow that, Peter. I don't think so. I mean, I think in our relationships that we have, I mean, it's a percentage of...
Bruce D. Broussard: And I think, Peter, I know you're looking at the financial statements and the like, but when you peel it back, that division is a large contributor to the organization as a result of all of the great clinical activities it has going on. And in addition -- and also the relationships it creates with our members. So I look at it as much broader than just the financial results that's in there. And that's why you see us being very bold in our investments in that area because we are seeing some really good things that show up in the Retail Segment, but wouldn't occur without those investments in that particular segment.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes. And we all -- I sort of stutter here because we respect the dickens out of Jim. And -- but we understand that he would like to enjoy some time outside of Humana, so we appreciate that. But the same time, he has been very gracious in allowing us a long-term transition and helping whoever fills that seat as having a successful transition for that. That being said, we are in the market today, beginning to both interview internal and external individuals for that position. We anticipate that we will have somebody in the latter part of the third quarter and that will allow time for Jim to help in that transition and really have a dual transition in that aspect.
Bruce D. Broussard: And we want all those to continue and get bigger as the rest of the year goes on to position us nicely for '14.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think most importantly, as you look at the business model, I mean, return on invested capital margin growth is the end result. But what we are affecting doing is really improving people's health, and at the same time, helping lower the cost of health care. And to us, the vision that we have is to able to return an adequate return to our shareholders, which I think over the years Humana has demonstrated. And at the same time, be a solution to one of the largest societal issues today and that's health care costs. And that's what you see all the our programs focused on in the doing and you see a growth in members as a result of that.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, like always, we thank everyone for their support. But the success of the organization is really due to our great 44,000 associates, which we thank them for their continued contributions to the organization and allowing us to have successful quarters like the most recent one. So everyone, have a great day, and we again appreciate your support.
James H. Bloem: Yes, Justin. I think -- a couple of things here. One is, obviously, in the Medicare Advantage, because it's so much of our business. The operating leverage we get by adding additional members, which we reference, are, we believe, we have the ability to continue to do that, will improve that number. The amount of capital that we retained in the subsidiaries, as I mentioned before and is always done in conjunction with the states, and we got like 35 or 38 different operating subsidiaries that we do and each state has different requirements. We started for the first time in the press release today to put a return on operating capital metric in. And comparative to last year, it was 13.4%. And again, so that, as we've often stated, even when we talked about margins in the past, we talked about we were not really a margin expansion story as much as a membership expansion story. So we earn, as Jim said, more money as we continue to go along. And we earn that many that are over, what I would call, very efficient capital base. That's the invested capital part. So when we talk about our integrated care delivery and our clinical care models, we're talking about being able to put more members and to bring out and to build that infrastructure in a very capital-efficient way versus buying all -- buying different entities in each place or rather developing organizational competencies that can be then spread throughout our entire network and that way enhance our return on capital without being capital inefficient to do it, without using all the capital that would require to build a completely owned integrated system.
James H. Bloem: That's the number that it is today. And again, we would look at that number. And again, as we add membership, as we build out the capabilities across the network that we spent a fair amount of money in the last 3 years to build, then -- and so we look forward to being able to spend less, serve more, lower outcomes, higher R/R, same or lower capital. But the capital in the subs is, right now, optimized at around the 400%, to get back to your original question.
James H. Bloem: Again, we would say progressively, yes, we would expect to improve on it, but not in a predictive sense, but also balancing, again, all the business we have and running that again over the same asset base.
James H. Bloem: Yes, I think -- and again, it's a very good question, comes back to the ROIC a little bit. But if you look at basically what we have as an opportunity, always in front of us are -- we're looking for acquisitions, strategic investments and CapEx. Those are the things that really improve the value of the company. And then we look at the appropriate level of capital that it takes to do this. It's got a regulatory component. It's got a rating agency component. And it's got, as you would say, there's some value in keeping some optionality. So when you look at all of that, I think that we've done a fairly balanced job in the last 3 years of returning about 50% of what's available back to the shareholders in the form of cash dividends, which, 3 years ago, we didn't pay and now we do. And much enhanced share repurchase. And then -- but again, always focusing on how can we make the company more valuable through CapEx, through strategic investments, which are the noncontrolling kinds of things we did. So for example, last year, we spent basically $1.8 billion doing that. We increased the leverage ratio or the debt-to-total cap ratio from 15% to 22%, still below our peer group, but now toward the bottom end. And we also, when in discussing it with the regulators and with the credit rating agencies, have said that we think that, for our category, a 25% to 30% is an appropriate level. And they've acknowledged that in writing, in terms of when they write up about, for example, their credit rating of us. So again, it's an optionality. It's appropriate use of capital. As I said earlier, it's an efficient use of capital to build out these capabilities so that we still have a lot more optionality left and we can weather what other -- whatever uncertainty is out there or whatever opportunity presents itself.
James H. Bloem: And if I could just add about the share repurchase then. Looking at share repurchase versus making the company more valuable, you're right, when you look at should we buy back stock or should we invest in CapEx or acquisitions or other strategic investments, you get the 1 year pickup when you do that. But over time, when you make those investments, those investments make you money year after year after year. And that's what really -- that's really what the trade-off we look at when we look at how much shares to buy back and what the real priority. So what I said earlier about you first go after things that make the company more valuable, that's why you do that.
James H. Bloem: Yes, well, both help you get to the appropriate level of capital, which is really what this is about. And when Bruce mentioned that we've been running the company like this over the years, that's really what it's been about. That and making sure that, that return we get exceeds the cost of the capital that we have.
James H. Bloem: Again, it's a matter of the way we look at it. As Bruce said and as Jim said, starting off, we want to improve earnings every year. And then we want to run that over our capital base that remains appropriate than meeting the same or less as we go forward.
James H. Bloem: So as you continue to grow your membership, remember, we improve, as we've learned all of this together in the last year, we improve as the member stays with us longer and gets through these programs and gets the benefits of them. So that's the other part. As you grow, you continue to have new and that's what makes it, Carl, not just the math that you -- was in your question.
Steven E. McCulley: We do have -- I think you're referring to the $100 million invest -- I'm sorry, this is Steve. On the $100 million investments, most of those are going to be in the clinical space and they'll be quality related. They won't -- a lot of that won't be in the admin cost. You did see our retail SG&A ratio improve nicely year-over-year and that's certainly a part of the strategy. So having scale here is important. And we do have a good plan for 2014 to continue to bring the SG&A ratio down. I don't think we want to guide to that number today. But you'll see continued improvement in that metric as we go forward.
Steven E. McCulley: I will -- let me -- you're trying to fit the record. David, this is Steve. So on your second around the flu. I think what we've said before is, as I recall, that the first quarter impact was around -- we estimate it to be $50 million. It was maybe a little less than that, not -- it was still a significant event, but maybe it ended up being a little bit less than that. The flu admission data that we looked at really just ended sharply in the third week of January. And by the time we got to week 4 in January, it was a nonevent for us. So I would say it was a little less than what we said before, but not materially. So I'm not sure about your provider count question. I don't know if anyone else has a...
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. I'll handle the capitation question. I think you said that 20% of our medical expense was capitation expense currently. And what might that do in '14, we would expect it to increase some. I don't think we're guiding to that number. And then, I'm trying to recap your question. We currently have about 26 in change percent in risk arrangements -- for HMO risk arrangements and about half of our total Medicare membership is in an HMO. That means that there is a portion that are in HMO arrangements where there's not risk going on, but there's still primary care capitation involved and maybe some specialist capitation involved. And what will happen over time is some of those members and providers in those buckets will move to risk models over time. And we've guided to, by 2017, having us up to 50% of our membership in the risk arrangement. So we haven't guided to how much is going to happen each year. But it stands to reason that the capitation expense, as a percentage of our total expense, will increase in '14 and '15 as we move the -- transition the model down the road.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. I'll take a run at that. So as we raise the 2Q guidance, we hadn't given Q2 guidance before, so we're raising the full year guidance.
Steven E. McCulley: Okay. So I don't -- I'm not even -- I'm not sure what that was. But from our perspective, we did see -- I think what we were trying to point out with the seasonality and the sequestration in Jim's comments was just to highlight the fact that there's a lot of favorable things that are happening in 1Q. And if you look at our total guidance for the full year, the percentage of our earnings that we're earning in 1Q of '13 is a big percentage, much bigger than it's been in any recent history. And we're trying to point out the reasons why that's the case. The seasonality comparison this quarter-over-quarter, everything else being equal, is a big number just due to leap year last year and the way the Mondays and the number of days and the month fall, as well as the sequestration, which was delayed for us. So -- but still, there was underlying improvements in our trends and our SG&A cost. So as we look at those, we do feel comfortable raising the guidance for the full year. And obviously, the things that happened in 1Q increased the full year as they flow -- as they just flow into the total. So I don't know if that helps or not.
