Brian A. Kane: Good morning, Scott. I would say that what we've seen is consistent with where we expected on both fronts – on both the low-income benchmarks as well as our direct subsidy calculations. And as the fall goes on, obviously, we'll talk more about what that means for us in our membership growth.
Brian A. Kane: Well, as I said in my remarks, we do expect to grow meaningfully in the individual MA business. We're not prepared to comment today on where that will be relative to the market. But again, I think we feel very good about the product we've put on the Street. We've really endeavored to maintain stable benefits, and we think it will be compelling products for our existing members and also future members looking to enter MA.
Brian A. Kane: So there's a lot to unpack in that question. Let me try. It is fair to say that, number one, we are going to put products in the market that do have stable benefits, which means we've overcome the health insurance fee. Obviously, it's going to vary by market. But on a national basis, I think that's a fair way to think about it. It's also fair to say that the $0.50 you're talking about was reinvested into product design. But I think it's important to think about really the MER element of it, the 100 basis points, that was reinvested into our product design. Some of the additional admin expenses that I mentioned around the foundation and compensation and other things are more one-time items. And so, I think it's important to think about the investment as really the MER outperformance. And finally, as it relates to the HIF. Remember, the HIF is coming back next year. And so it's not as if we could take that $2.15 and invest it in benefits. It's just that we didn't have to claw it back that perhaps others may have had to if they put that into benefits for 2017.
Brian A. Kane: Yes. So again, I think it's important as we think about 2018, and I don't want to comment too much more on 2018, but to think about a baseline of $11 because we've invested this outperformance. We mentioned that in the first quarter, we would do that. We thought it was the appropriate thing to do to provide good benefits for our members and enable us to grow. And again, we feel good about where we stand. We do anticipate growing EPS. We've committed to our investors that we're going to have steady EPS growth, and that's certainly our intention next year as well as grow membership.
Brian A. Kane: So I'll go there first. It will be seamless for the member as it relates to the contract consolidation. So that won't be an issue in terms of the member won't see that consolidation. With respect to the EPS, I think it's important to use $11 as the baseline. And we hope to – obviously, our plan is to grow that number, and our expectation it would be above the $11.50 as well, but $11 is the baseline. And so as we think about growth rates, I think that's the way you should be thinking about 2018.
Brian A. Kane: Yeah. So I'm not prepared to comment on where we'll be on EPS growth because that would be giving guidance for 2018. We're trying to help you and give you context about how we're thinking about the year, but really not prepared to give specifics. I think what we try to communicate this morning is that we feel good about the product we're putting out for our members that will enable us to grow membership. And we also believe when combined with trend benders and some of the productivity initiatives we're working through will enable us to grow EPS in a steady way.
Brian A. Kane: So I appreciate the question, but obviously, we're not prepared to give 2018 guidance. What I will say is that it is true, as we articulated that we came into the year a little bit below our margin expectation, our long-term margin target. It's fair to say with this outperformance that we are above our margin target, and it's fair to say that our long-term target remains 4.5% to 5% on a pre-tax basis. But beyond that, I don't want to comment any further.
Brian A. Kane: Well, first of all, at the Investor Day, we talked about long-term growing at or above the market. We didn't comment on 2018, and I would just leave it at that. It's too early, really, to see what our competitors have done. The data still isn't out there broadly, and it's something we'll be analyzing in the coming months. But we're obviously, as an organization, gearing up for AEP, and we feel good about how we're positioned.
Brian A. Kane: No. So – good morning, Peter – we did know our Stars scores before we submitted our bids. So our bids incorporate the 74%.
Brian A. Kane: Well, again, what we've said is we're able to keep benefits stable and competitive and so we'll see where it shakes out, but we feel good about how we're positioned.
Brian A. Kane: Well, again, I think that's why we're being cautious. We don't know where our competitors are. As I said on a national basis, we're stable. I think there are clearly markets where we believe we can grow and we invested in and there are markets where perhaps we're not as well-positioned and we didn't invest as much. So we were, I think, very strategic about where we put our investments and our dollars to be able to maximize growth and offer compelling product for our members. But it is too early to assess where we are relative to our competition. But as Bruce said, we're working every angle and possibility we can to enhance growth including distribution. So again, we feel good about where we are. We'll obviously know more in the coming months as we see how we're positioned relative to our peers.
Brian A. Kane: We'll try to answer it, A.J. So when we refer to specialty, what we were talking about in that context was our Group and Specialty segment and specifically our dental business which has been outperforming. It's not something that we're prepared to quantify but it's a business that we don't talk a lot about but as I think done very, very nicely, membership higher than we expected as well as better claims experience. Secondly, as it relates to the home care side or the Humana At Home optimization as we called it and the mail-order side, those are both in our Healthcare Services segments. On the optimization side, as we said for a number of months now, we are spending a lot of time making sure that our members are getting the right level of care at the right time. And that the right interventions are happening. And so if someone, for example, improves or gets better and no longer needs our services, that's a member we won't touch as many times. And I think we're being a lot more disciplined and operationally rigorous in ensuring that the members who truly need the care are getting the care. And so we continued to see very good results, where the member is getting the right level of care and that's where we're focused. But that does have a pre-tax implication for Healthcare Services because as we reduce effectively the charges, the intercompany charges, to Medicare, Medicare benefits from a lower charge but Healthcare Services gets impacted because there's lower pre-tax associated with that because there's a margin there. And so again, I think that's important as we talk about the integration of our model that we're constantly looking at what is the best decision for overall Humana and more importantly for our members and their clinical health. On the specialty side, on the specialty – sorry, the pharmacy side, the mail-order side, what we're referring to there is our mail-order rate and, as I mentioned in our low price Walmart plan, which has been and continues to be a very successful plan and a very good partnership with Walmart, we are seeing a slightly lower mail-order rate than we had anticipated. We think it's probably because we made some tweaks to the benefit design that maybe causing some of those members to fulfill – to fill their prescriptions at retail rather than at mail. But again, overall, it's a – there's an impact on Healthcare Services, but there's only a small impact to overall Humana because of the way the co-pay structure works when someone fills at retail. And then finally – and I'm sure Bruce will comment on this as well, as it relates to home health, we continue to look at opportunities. We're obviously mindful of the rate release that came out. We're analyzing that and I'll just leave it at that. But it doesn't fundamentally change our strategy in the home and being able to engage with our members in a much more significant way in the home.
Brian A. Kane: Well, it's something obviously we do a lot of work around to try to understand what are the major drivers. We're clearly seeing the success of our clinical programs and some of our operational initiatives, what we call, trend benders. We are seeing an important advancement of our strategy there and we think that is why we're beating our operational targets, particularly on the inpatient side. On the pharmacy side, it's something that we continue to look through. I think – look at – I think we're seeing slightly lower trend than we had expected. I think that's really the major driver. There may be some mix issues there as well in the membership that we have, but it's something that we continue to analyze. And as we think about 2018, obviously, as we mentioned, we've reinvested those – that outperformance into our – in our bid design, we're obviously cautious about certain trends and whether they will continue. And so we're very mindful of trends that might continue and trends that might not continue. And so we, obviously, do a lot of analytics, a lot of actuaries working in figuring that out. So I think what we put into our benefit design for 2018 we feel good about.
Brian A. Kane: Well, it's fair to say that when we are in a full risk arrangement with a provider, they'll obviously get the financial benefits from that. About one-third of our members are in full risk arrangements. The other two-thirds are not. About 65%, including that 33%, are in some form of a value-based arrangement where we share in some of those savings. I think it's fair to say that everyone benefits when admissions go down. Obviously, most importantly, our members benefit and so that's where we're focused. But also, from a financial perspective, we want our providers to do well and have strong financial performance because that enables us to demonstrate to other providers who are thinking about taking risk with us that there are opportunities to do very well there. And so really, everyone benefits when we're able to drive down medical costs and admissions. As it relates to the Stars impact, it really has a similar impact. Depending on the arrangement that you're in, the provider will get a higher portion of dollars just because there's more premium going through the system. And if they get a percentage of premium, they're going to get more premiums. So they clearly share in the Stars recovery.
Brian A. Kane: Good morning, Christine. So again, it is the case that without commenting on our competitors, that the tax deductibility of the HIF, we did not reflect in benefits for 2017. And so, therefore, with the HIF coming back in 2018, we don't have to reduce benefits to effectively offset that or take an impact to margin, depending on what you want to do. That amount is something we don't have to address. And by the way, it was the reason why we did in the first place because we were concerned that we'd be in the situation and we want to try to be keep benefit stable, which we've been successful doing. With respect to margin, as I mentioned with a previous question, we are above our margin target. We don't expect, by definition, to bid above our margin target, so there should be an expectation that our margin target will be lower next year. And we're not prepared to give guidance around that, as we've talked about. As it relates to group MA, we continue to be selective in picking our spots. Our team is out there really pounding the pavement for opportunities. We feel pretty good about where we stand in the group MA business and looking at a number of prospects. But I would tell you that, as we said in multiple calls, we're going to be disciplined as we price that product. It's got to make sense from a return on capital perspective and from a risk perspective before we're willing to sign up, particularly for some of these large jumbo accounts.
Brian A. Kane: Yeah. I'm really not prepared to comment on group MA growth at this point. Again, there's a number of prospects we're looking at and the guys are doing a really good job, but I think it's just early to comment on group MA growth at this point.
Bruce D. Broussard: And, Scott, just a few things. I think – this is Bruce – first, as Brian's articulated, we really tried to keep the benefits stable this year. Second thing, we've been very proactive in reaching out to the broker community and building deeper relationships with them. Then the third thing is, as we articulated in our comments, we see our Net Promoter Score and some other things that can help out on the retention side. So we feel good about next year. We obviously aren't going to put estimates out, but I think we have a good feeling about going into 2018.
Bruce D. Broussard: And one of the aspects, just to maybe pull it up a little bit, as we think about our strategy, one important part of our strategy is to continue to grow our – we refer to them as our trend benders, but our clinical outcomes, and that's an important part of our earnings per share and allows us to be able to both invest in benefits but also return dollars to shareholders. And then second part, as we articulated today, also to focus on improved productivity and reduction of friction points into the system, and those are also included in the plan. So as we think about the growth of the organization, there's membership growth, there's clinical cost to offset growth, and then there's obviously productivity growth. And what Brian's talking about all those are sort of included in there for us to have a growth here next year with the ability to also have stable benefits.
Bruce D. Broussard: Sure. I think it really relates to an environment we've been operating in for a number of – the last few years. And as everyone knows, we had a CMS audit in 2015, and we've concluded that audit and have really done a lot of great things in the infrastructure to ensure that we have a very stable processing and the ability to operate in a much more complex environment. And I think that it's – I think it's also evident in both our HEDIS measurements as we look at those today and also our customer satisfaction ratings. Both of those have increased over the last 18 months or so. And that's just an indication of how, I think, our infrastructure is expressing itself in our results. But like everything, we have audits every year, and there is a lot of different inspections that go on in the organization, like everybody operating in this regulatory environment. And so there will be fluctuations that come out. And even as of today, we don't know what 2018 holds because we don't know what the relative measurement for others are and the comparison side. But really, the focus of what we are oriented to is this continuing to have solid processes, policies, and procedures in the organization that ensures that our Stars performance isn't based on contract consolidations and other matters like that. It's really based on improved clinical outcomes, better satisfaction and, at the end of the day, also better compliance ratings. And I think that's when we talk about volatility. We talk about it in that context of how our infrastructure has really improved and our ability to manage the business in a highly regulatory environment.
Bruce D. Broussard: Justin, let me just try to clarify a few things. Obviously, we're in a difficult position right now, because we are not prepared to give detailed guidance on 2018. And so, Brian is sort of shaking in his chair right now. So just want to highlight that. But we are committed. I just want to make it clear. We are committed to managing the business to a 4.5% to 5% long-term margin business for us, which we committed at the Investor Day. We have not lost that commitment. Second thing we are committed to is being able to grow over a period of time annually in the double-digit growth level that we committed in the Investor Day. And so, none of those have changed. I think what we're trying to communicate is we're having a great 2017. We think the 2017 allows us to – the performance, operationally, allows us to reinvest dollars in 2018 that sets us up for a strong growth in 2018 and we feel good about that. And I just – we have to leave it at that because we're not – we can't give detailed guidance for 2018.
Bruce D. Broussard: Just to add a few things there. I think, first, we feel we're doing the right things for our customers as what we've talked about on the stable side. We've never been cheapest on the market. We've always been competitive and we've always been able to compete there. So we don't – we feel with the brand we have, the experience we provide the customer, our health offerings that we have, we can compete really, really well as an organization, especially if we are in the race with the benefits side. The second thing I really need to re-emphasize with the investors is the organization has been under somewhat of a cloud for the last few years as a result of the transaction that has been – that I think it has caused a little bit of a challenge and headwinds in the sales process, whether it was in central parts of the states where we were having to market against where it was announced we were going to sell membership to some of the other markets where it was looked upon as that it wasn't going to be a Humana product at some point in time. So as you put in context of where our performance is this year, our focus on growing and our ability to keep stable benefits, our improved orientation or relationship with our broker, we feel and that's where our confidence is coming from and the organization having clarity on its independence. And so, I think that's what you hear from the management team and why we feel that next year we'll have a good growth year.
Bruce D. Broussard: I'll just add to that, the home side. We – although, obviously, we haven't announced any acquisitions, we are working internally, as we talk about, organic and when we think about home long-term, we think about it not only in coordinating care, delivery of care in the home, which is the traditional home health side, also being able to have a home-based clinical model that is can be nurses and doctors can help people at home through telemedicine or to go to their home. And we're working on all of those different ones and so it doesn't necessarily mean that we just have to announce an acquisition and that's our home health strategy. There's a lot of other things that are going on within the organization to advance the home side. But you're right, A.J., it is all wrapped around how do we advance our membership in the long-term.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think on the sustainability side that you asked, I think that's really the core of our strategy when you think about advancing our relationships with our providers and moving them more and more to a value-based payment model. It is all wrapped around how do we continue to think more holistically about the individual move from a reactive type of healthcare system to more of a proactive side. In the conversation that we just had with A.J. on the home, it's really around how do we keep people out of institutions and be able to stay where they really desire and that's at home and how can we provide them the care that they're needed there both on a reactive basis as their conditions are expressing themselves in some way or on a proactive basis where we're preventing. And so we do feel that our ability to impact the hospital admissions and specifically, pharmacy in some ways, has sustainability, and is really the core of what we're operating towards as an organization.
Bruce D. Broussard: Ana, just to bring that a little more in focus, we find when we have a relationship with providers that are in a full risk or a integrated model, as we referred to it, we have better health outcomes. We have higher satisfaction. We have higher retention. We have higher Stars scores, and we have lower cost. And to us, it is well worth sharing those benefits with our providers because we find that it's a win for everybody in both the member side and the provider side. And we are just advocates about how that should be the future of health care.
Bruce D. Broussard: We're going to continue to find the most optimal clinical model that's out there to take in both outcomes as you're asking about and, in addition, the cost of maintaining that. And frankly, I think as Brian articulated, we were probably spending some time with members that didn't want to spend time with us, so the experience is actually better. So we're finding that when we – what we're doing is actually improving the program overall from both the effectiveness on the health side, the cost and the experience side. We do believe there's still some opportunities there. We're studying it. As Brian articulated, we wanted to walk before we run. We're seeing some maybe opportunities that we can be a little more efficient there. But that's to be coming. But I wouldn't emphasize in some of our clinical costs, it really is not only that we've reduced the administrative costs, but I can tell you that we're also still having a very large impact on the institutional costs that we're preventing.
Bruce D. Broussard: I would just say that's a very specific opportunity, and there's probably 100 of those. And moving it from inpatient to outpatient is always effective but we see these kind of particular trends in many different parts of different specialties.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, again, I thank everyone for supporting the organization and, most importantly, I thank our associates, our providers, and our members as being advocates for our organization and really advancing our strategy going forward. So, everyone, have a great day and, again, thank you for your support.
