Brian Kane: Good morning, Justin. And I apologize if I have a crackle on my line. I know I have a challenge, I've been in the same spot for five months and I'm getting a crackle. So I apologize. We have not really commented as we've said in the past on how we've reinvested the [Technical Difficulty]. Other than to say that we've really tried to take a balance between gross margin and investing in the sustainable business proposition that's important that we do. And so, we'll give more specifics on the third quarter call with respect to how much we've invested. It is around 250 a share as you've said the tax impact that is and so as I said, we'll give more color on the third quarter call. With respect to margins, again, I'd rather not comment specifically Justin at this point; we will give more comment on the third quarter call. Other than to say that as you know, when you get the geography changes a little bit with the taxes and that we get some back from the after tax portion of the [Technical Difficulty]that could impact the pre tax margins, but we'll save that commentary for the third quarter.
Brian Kane: I'll start off and then let Brian add to it. As you probably know, we have a number of providers, I mean, I'm sorry distribution partners out there and we continue to see really strong results from them specifically over the phone, more telephonic than in person. And so we've leveraged that significantly. Part of the other aspect is, we have seen some, our retention increased as a result of this. So we've seen a retention improve during this period of time. And then the other area, the company is really seen some just wonderful results on is, is our D-SNP growth. Our D-SNP growth, as you'll see is up significantly, both year-by-year but also significantly just as a percentage over the last number of years. So it's a combination of D-SNP and our value proposition there. Obviously, that allows the agent during that period of time, our ability to leverage our partners that are telephonic is the other area and then the retention as increased.
Brian Kane: I appreciate the question. I'm not going to comment too much on that. I think the items you cited are all meaningful. You're supporting our brokers and the marketing efforts in the fourth quarter will also be important there. And so there are a number of initiatives that we think and I think all really contribute to sort of the back half change in spending. So I think it's a real combination. But broadly what you're saying is not incorrect. I think it's directionally reasonable. But again, I wouldn't necessarily wait one towards the other. We will also see how things unfold as the quarters go on and where our spending ends up.
Brian Kane: Well, I think our providers are well aware of the actions and initiatives that we've taken on their behalf. And so I you know, we've been in constant communication with them. We've worked very hard to get them significant amounts of cash flow. As we've said, we waived a number of our utilization management programs. And we've been really not pursuing these financial recoveries. But they know and in our communications, that ultimately we will have discussions with them about the FR. And so I think they're fully aware of that that ultimately this will bounce back later in the year, as things settle down. But we're not pursuing it aggressively, we want to be very thoughtful with our providers. We're trying to be as constructive as we can with them, which I think they appreciate. But, I think they also understand that there are, if there's been a financial overpayment, for example, we need to reconcile that. But it's not something [Technical Difficulty] showing aggressively right now, but they are aware of it.
Brian Kane: Yes. I'd rather not give specifics on the FR. I mean, it's a meaningful part of our prior period development, as you can imagine, but again, I wouldn't want to size it and you can see that we've had negative PPD for the quarter. And so normally, it's positive, also this point of the year, we would also typically have that far in the beginning parts of 2020. It's a several month delay. So there's sort of a combination of prior period and current period amounts that that would ultimately be collected.
Brian Kane: Yes. I I'll take that. With respect to MLR rebates, I would say that it's really a bounce Josh, there are some contracts that are closer to the MLR rebate threshold than others. But we're trying to do the right thing here and give these dollars back to our members and obviously that would minimize the MLR rebates, we have some MLR rebates accrued, but it's relatively small because of the actions that we're taking. And we didn't take the actions and of course, the MLR rebates would be higher and that's the natural bouncing mechanism in the program which is a positive thing for our membership. And so, we are taking these actions that will minimize the MLR rebates and we hope they will be well received. We talked about waiving the copays, as you mentioned, we talked about the food, we're delivering safety kits and masks, which are pretty significant. There's millions of green masks roaming around the United States now with people having them and we think that's a positive. Importantly also, we've reached out to over a million of our members, we've got 1.2 million members and to talk to them about their needs and some of the issues they may be having in COVID whether it's around -- making sure they have their prescription drugs, making sure they have food in the refrigerator, making sure they don't have significant medical needs that needs to be addressed. And so there's also a significant ramp up in our care coordination efforts that I think, very meaningful for our members in the crisis. Hopefully that will give some color.
Brian Kane: Steve, I got the first part of your question. I'm sorry, I didn't hear the second part. But I'll get to the first part, maybe you can repeat the second. On the risk scoring side, I would just say that we are on track for our operational plans in terms of getting to the results that that we need for 2021. As I mentioned in the prior question, the telehealth visits are up dramatically, big portion of those are video. And we've made a real deliberate effort, really first and foremost to focus on the health of our members and getting practitioners and primary care doctors into the home either in person or via telehealth to make sure that the members are getting the care that they need that also has the ancillary effect of ensuring that we're identifying and documenting these conditions. So, so far so good, it's still early. There's a lot of work we have to do in the next four or five months here to make sure we hit our operational plans, but we're on pace so far. If you wouldn't mind repeating, I apologize.
Brian Kane: So on the group of MA side, so interesting, 2021 is an interesting year, there are number of large accounts up. And so I would say we're still working through it, but it's achievable that we might be sort of slightly down this year from a membership growth perspective. We won some, we've lost some and these are just big numbers that swings overall. I would say that the very large jumbo accounts of which there were many 2021. There were a number of accounts up this year and they're very competitive. And we have committed to being price disciplined, so that will carry through to some of the membership. I think, we look at over seven year period, we've had mid-double digit growth the last few years. But again, I think next year could be slightly -- just slightly down. But we're working through it and we'll see what we end up for the year. But I would say the large group spaces become, extremely competitive with the big players are showing, obviously, these large accounts here.
Brian Kane: I would say on your second question, I think they're on a similar pattern in terms of what we're seeing a really similar to the last question around making sure your operational plans around the documentation side. So far so good that they're on that similar path, but somehow we're very, very focused on. The retail team has done a really extraordinary job to ensure that we get to our members and engage with them. And so, we continue to do that, we're very focused there. On the sort of parsing out 250 and 300 basis points, one thing I'd say is that, we said we're giving back about $2 billion of support. I would say a good portion of that's happening in the back half and so not all that is MLR or portion of that is MLR, but I would say a good amount of that is going to be in the back half of the year. And so that hopefully helps you [indiscernible].
Brian Kane: Yes. I would say and what we said in our remarks was more normal as we're bouncing back to normal, we could see that progression of getting back to normal, there might be periods where it goes slightly above. We've seen a few markets where it goes above slightly, goes above the baseline that could happen periodically throughout the year, depending on the pace of the virus and how severe it is in any particular location. And so, but I think broadly, right, that'll be close to normal with perhaps them above it. And then, we have the COVID testing costs and treatment costs as well. That would take it above it and so that's also sort of a drag on the back half earnings.
Brian Kane: Sure. With respect to the kidney partnerships really, it's around, how do we slow disease progression from chronic kidney conditions to ESRD. And so we have some really good partners that that we're working with. We're excited about the partnerships that, that we've struck. It's still obviously early days and working through this, but we believe we can make a meaningful impact there. So we'll see where those go and how meaningful they are. I would just say that people are being constructive and trying to figure out how -- especially in light of the number of ESRD patients that may answer Medicare Advantage, how do we care for these individuals. And so we've been very focused on that. We spent a lot of time internally as well developing care programs for our kidney patients. And, again, that'll be only enhanced by our partnerships. With respect to the Hospice Corbin, we're still working through it. We do anticipate participating in the pilot. We think it's potentially could have a lot of merit in terms of creating a much more seamless care coordination for our members as they proceed through their various life phases. We think there also could be some savings as well to the system that we're able to actually have hospice as part of the Medicare Advantage system and create, again, a much more seamless transition in the various phases of care. And we think that'll result in potentially better outcomes and lower costs, but it's still very, very early days. It's something that our teams are working through and I think it'd be start getting results of the pilot will have a lot more to say about the topic.
Bruce Broussard: Sure, good morning. Specifically, I'd call two things on our BCP. One is, as you said, relates to our medical expense being lower for the quarter. And because the way IBNR said, June is the primary month where most of the reserve is accounted for because it's the most recent month and June saw the highest utilization in the quarter. So if you have an overall average of lower medical expenses and higher June reserve, you're going to get hired BCP. The other thing and this is important is that, our providers 33% of our members on risk based relationships, to our risk based providers are also benefiting from the lower medical expenses. And so therefore, we at Humana are paying out higher capitation levels to our risk providers. And when you divide that by the lower average medical expense for the quarter, you're going to get a higher BCP. And so when you look in our 10-Q disclosure, you'll see that the amount of capitation is up pretty materially from last quarter again, not surprisingly given the COVID impacts here.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. So, I think we've taken a prudent approach to our trends; obviously, we go through a very extensive process in terms of value and what a typical baseline would be. And so we went through a very rigorous process there. And then, obviously, you have to model in COVID and what your expectations are. I would just tell you that I think we've been prudent with how we price for the COVID impact. Obviously, there are a lot of variables that we need to consider. And I would just say I think we've been prudent in those trends. So I think, we feel good about the trends we put into our bids and we feel good about our bids more broadly for 2021.
Bruce Broussard: Just on your question on the value based payment aside, I'm just being able to manage the second half. One other aspect that's important to know is that we really don't settle up with the provider until the following year. So there is a receivable or a payable that happens so as the year progresses. Their cash flow is sort of stable. And then, at the end of the year, we will settle up to what is a appropriate, so in result of the first half of the year, they haven't received those dollars yet, but in the second half, though, it could offset that or improve it.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Just add to that, Brian, I think there's probably less than the benefits themselves for the dollar that are encouraged and obviously it's being [indiscernible] the copay area. And I would also just say on how we've treated telehealth on the provider side, another important part of that. But there's an underlying goal that we have is to eliminate any financial barriers and also any clinical barriers that are out there. So there's a lot of dollars that are being spent on the clinical side, all the way from the outreach program that that was just discussed to getting doctors in people's homes that traditionally haven't been the case. Obviously, getting nurses into the homes are important aspects to this. So you'll see probably more dollar spent on the clinical side as to really help support the healthcare system being in the circumstance of having capacity limitations there. So as you articulated the Medicare sides a little harder on the benefit side, but I think our role is really to try to help with the possible delayed care and be much more proactive in that.
Bruce Broussard: We haven't disclosed the markets just for competitive reasons. So let me try to go just reverse in your questioning here. But on the primary care area, what we are seeing both in the primary care and home health side both on the Kindred side, the Heal side and Dispatch side is a continued reduction in downstream ER visits and hospital relation. So what we're seeing as being much more proactive, much more engaged in the member for seeing on the ability to prevent the downstream hospitalizations. We also see, it'll just take time slowing the disease progression. We've seen this over the last number of years that as we are much more proactive and engaging with them, we not only prevent the ER visit reduction, but we also see a slowdown in the disease progression, which is obviously positive for the individual that can live a much more healthier life, and then in addition, from a cost point of view. On your telehealth question and just on the payment side, as we stated this morning, we are paying at equivalent rates to the primary care office visits, we feel that's really important in this time, where people are concerned about leaving their homes and using the health care system and we wanted to ensure that our providers are completely oriented to providing a tele visit. Believe a lot in telehealth, but I do believe that as this pandemic gets -- we reenter a normal environment will -- we will get the payment models to ensure that we are encouraging an omni-channel approach where it's appropriate to use the office when needed, these telehealth when it's needed or home for that. And I think right now we're not prepared to tell on that particularly because it is much more a construct of how do you encourage more of a holistic and the proper channel for the proper condition and for the proper preference of the customer.
Bruce Broussard: Well, let me go in order here. Clearly there's some flexibility around the marketing side on our MA products. There's also opportunities to think about how do we get additional dollars into members hands not necessarily changing premiums, but with certain things we're thinking through. But there are ways to get additional dollars out to our constituents, also working hard with our providers, how we can continue to work with them and help them with their cash flow needs and income needs and so there is flexibility that that we can have here as we go to the back half of the year. But obviously, we're monitoring this very closely. It's an art not a science in terms of estimating what exactly the utilization bounce back will be. But it's something that we're very, very focused on and as I said, we're doing everything we can to stay within our initial guidance range. And so we're going to continue to work to do that and try to get these dollars to our various constituents who could benefit from it. On the services side the amount of capitation because of the pharmacy revenue is so large that it's actually relatively small on a percentage basis. But for our capitated businesses and for our provider businesses, it's a very high percentage. So you could see we have several billion dollars of premium in our provider services businesses, the most of that is capitated, fully capitated, so they will see the benefits of that. That being said, I would say that we have seen a lot of sort of non-COVID important EBITDA progression in the business even coming into the year, there was a significant EBITDA increase, sort of our initial guide versus last year and that's playing through. And I think, even doing a little bit better than the expectations there. We're also seeing a nice growth in our mail order penetration rate on our pharmacy side, which is helping that EBITDA growth and so we'll see whether that continues or not. There were not too many offsets on the COVID side here, I mean, largely script volume has held. So you might think while the script be down in this environment and as we said in our remarks that script volume is largely held. It's converted to 90 day scripts. But it's largely held when you do it on a 30-day equivalent basis. So we're not seeing a material impact from COVID on the segment other than the declining utilization in our provider services business.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. In terms of the volume of telemedicine visits, I mean, it's up, 15, 20 times just in terms of the number of health claims we've received year-to-date versus last year, again, not a surprise. A lot of the visits are happening telephonically. Importantly, what we've seen is that, particularly for our providers, who are doing this directly with their own telehealth systems, if something like 70% of the visits are video or audio/video, I should say as opposed to audio only, which is also important for our businesses, from a documentation perspective and revenue for 2021. So, we are seeing a meaningful up tick. Whether that persist, I think we'll see -- certainly some element will persist. What's interesting and you've heard us discuss this before, but in our own clinics, which we get real-time data every day. As the system opened up, we did see a transfer back in person visits. And so where it was 80% or 90% telehealth during the peak of the crisis, it went down to 20% or 30%, telehealth. I think particularly for seniors, there's a real desire to be social and meet with others and meet with their doctor in person. So, we don't think that's going to change but we do think telehealth is a critical supplement to the general care program that we think will really take hold going forward. And so it's going to be really important element. How that exact weighting goes, we'll have to see, but it'll be a critical part going forward.
Bruce Broussard: We haven't given a lot of visibility into that to the public markets, we continue to really work on our experience and we think that we'll continue to see increases in the mail order from a normal level. Obviously, we got a significant increase during the period of time as a result of the COVID. We do see it coming down a little bit. But we continue to see mail order as being a channel that has shown itself for convenience in this time and we believe that, especially the members that experienced that they are now it's a more preferable channel.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. I'm sorry. On that one, they're not really getting into the MA business; they're getting into the MA distribution business. And they have been in that business for a long period of time and so that they would distribute a Humana product but also distribute other products -- competitor products. We traditionally had a relationship with them at one time we actually managed their sales force that sold agnostic products. So we don't see it as much of a change, I think, it's a way for them to continue to get people to come into their store and provide another product so to speak on the shelf or for their customers, but we don't see it being anything in our territory and we frankly like it as a great compliment to us as they can continue to be a distributor for us.
Bruce Broussard: I'm not going to comment any specificity there. I mean, we continue to have really strong relationships with those partners. We've seen it as being a channel that is continuing to grow as a result of the convenience of it. We continue to see investments by our competitors in that marketplace. I don't think it's a proprietary channel. That is that we have something over somebody else. So we do see it as being a competitive channel in the marketplace and we do believe that others will use it. Again, I think we have proven that not only the channel is important, but then also the ability to retain the customer. And I think the retention side is something that we continue to shine, no matter what channel we use.
Bruce Broussard: We have not given any indication of what we think the penetration rate would be within Medicare Advantage. So I think we'll leave it to the industry experts to provide that. On the network adequacy side, we do believe that the ability to now offer a much broader network as a result of the competitive nature or lack of competitive nature in the industry gives an ability for us to deliver alternatives in the marketplace for our customers offer, I believe, a much more compelling product as a result of being able to bring innovation into the marketplace, whether it's in the home, whether it's in the ability for or to help out in -- from a telephonic point of view or to also be able to bring other care providers into the marketplace. So we look at this as a very large positive for the industry and really allowing a much more cost effective, many more choices in the marketplace and at the same time, being able to deliver a much more cost effective solution for our customers and for the federal government.
Bruce Broussard: I think just adding to Brian's comments on our partnerships, I think the evident from the number of partnerships that we've established in the marketplace today is just a really good example of how the network adequacy and expanding that has created a much more competitive marketplace even early -- to set its early stages of this. So I think it is a testimony to the power of the expansion of the network.
Bruce Broussard: I appreciate everyone's time. I know this is a little longer than normal quarterly calls. So we appreciate all the engagement in our operating results and obviously the support that our shareholders have provided us over the last many years. And also, I can't leave the call without thanking our 50,000 teammates that have done a wonderful job and being able to transition to home, be able to serve our members, and then in addition, being able to provide our shareholders the financial performance that you saw this quarter. So thank you, everyone, and thank you again for your support.
