Amy Smith: Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer and Brian Kane, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our first quarter 2020 results and our updated financial outlook for 2020, as well as our pandemic relief efforts. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Our Chief Legal Officer, Joe Ventura, will also be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's Web site, humana.com later today. Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statements. Certain of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors discussed in our latest Form 10-K, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our first quarter 2020 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements. And to note in particular that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including a potential impacts to us of; one, actions taken by federal, state and local government to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 and in turn, relax those restrictions; two, actions taken by us to expand benefits for our members and provide relief for the healthcare provider community in connection with COVID-19; three, disruptions in our ability to operate our business effectively; and four, negative pressure in economic, employment and financial markets among other, all of which creates additional uncertainties and risks for our business. Our forward-looking statements therefore be considered in light of these additional uncertainties and risks, along with other risks discuss in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release or historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion include financial measures that are not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Management's explanation to the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.
Amy Smith: Bruce, were you able to rejoin. I think Bruce accidentally got disconnected and sort of make sure he got back on.
Amy Smith: Bruce, you're breaking up a little bit there. So I just want to make sure, Steve, that you have any follow-ups, anything you might have missed.
Brian Kane: First with respect to stars, there won't a STARs impact for 2021 as that's already locked in. In fact as you think about bonus year 2022, CMS also made some adjustments such that the HEDIS and cap scores are going to be using the 2021 bonus year numbers. And so that reduces the volatility around bonus year around 2021. It does impact potentially bonus year 2023, because that's based on the service periods for 2020 and so we're working with CMS now, as well as thinking through plans as the system opens up, how do we ensure that the membership, the care they need and we close those gaps in care that drive STARs results. With respect to coding, you are correct that is one of the variables as we think about 2021 bids and the impact of COVID on those. It really will depend how quickly the system opens up, because as you alluded to the conditions that we document this year impact next year's payment. And so that's both the significant number of new members that we received last year and this year but also redocumenting conditions that are concurrent membership base has. So it's something we're very, very focused on. We obviously are working hard to make sure that we can engage with all the members we can. We're embracing telehealth, which now qualifies on video telehealth for risk adjustment purposes. So as you can imagine, it's top of mind for us.
Brian Kane: Well, with respect to the HIPs and the bottom line and what we take to the bottom line and what we pass back to the members, that's just not something we're prepared to comment on. What you said about all going to the bottom line that won't happen. I think we've been very clear about that. And we always take a balanced approach to top and bottom line growth and I think you'll see us take a similar approach. That's really the way we've typically managed the HIPs coming in and out and you can expect a similar balance that we try to strike, as well as ensuring that we invest in our long-term sustainability and our integrated model, which is very, very important. With respect to COVID membership, it really will depend on how long this lasts. As I mentioned in my remarks, we have seen a decline in sales because the field brokers can't get in front of members but we've also seen a really strong telephonic sales channel and they've done quite well and continue to keep strong sales. And so we're monitoring that very closely and what the impact might be. I think, again, it depends whether this lockdown extends into the fall, or will people be comfortable out in about and engaging with brokers in person. But we're very focused on making sure that all of our brokers have the digital capabilities to be able to engage with our members telephonically and digitally if they can't do it in person. So we'll see where it goes, but I think it's really too early to comment on that for 2021.
Brian Kane: The definition of elective procedures obviously has changed a bit. I think traditionally, we would use elective with the probably in the mid-teens percentage of our spend. So a relatively low dollar spend or low percentage spend, but it’s still a high dollar spend. I think in this crisis there have been a number of procedures that are necessary, but have been deferred and are not urgent. So I think what you'll see is a number of those procedures start to get rescheduled and so we wouldn't consider those elective, because they have to get done but we'll just go back into the queue effectively as to when they get performed. So things like cardio procedures as a perfect example, where they don't necessarily have to be done from an emergent perspective, emergency perspective, but they have to get done. So we wouldn't consider those elective. And so really the question then is just how much of this utilization bounces back and how quickly. And what we've said today is that our expectations is that there will likely be a bounce back in the coming weeks and months. It could run over a normal, I call it a modest premium to what would be normal utilization but then ultimately settle back down. And what will be interesting to watch is not only the confidence of members and patients coming back into the healthcare system, but also their comfort about using institutional settings versus more non-institutional settings. So embracing telehealth, the home for example. And so that's something we're monitoring very closely as well to understand the demand patterns of the utilization.
Brian Kane: I would say it should be lower, just given just the nature of the chronic conditions of the members that we serve over $0.65. So we would expect the percentage of truly electives to be less.
Brian Kane: So on the commercial side with respect to grace period, we've seen some. I'd rather not give the specifics. We are still seeing payments for effectively April effectives and we're getting into May effectives. We have worked with certain of our customers to provide that grace period, but I'd rather not give a percentage. Obviously, it's an increase from what we typically see. But I think it's still early candidly in terms of where that might shake out, particularly as this wears on, you could see more of that. I'd say it's been reasonably modest but nonetheless, we've been working with a number of our customers in that regard.
Brian Kane: So with respect to broad rates, obviously they're less than the last two years but still from a historical perspective largely in line. It does vary year-over-year. The rates are below our trend. And so that forces us to ensure that we're being effective at matching the health of our members and ensuring that their medical costs stay in line with the rates that we get. And so that's always a challenge. And so obviously, we’d like to see higher rates, because our unmanaged trends are meaningfully higher than the rates that were provided. But nonetheless, we understand year-to-year it's going to vary. With respect to ESRD, there was there was a modest increase from the preliminary to the final, more meaningful potentially if these are finalized and we're hopeful that they will be around the network adequacy rules and what would qualify for dialysis, and allowing us to use more innovative sites of care for dialysis. And so we've been a strong proponent of those. It's clearly something that we're very focused on for our 2021 pricing. I think the teams have worked very hard to do everything they can to ensure that we can provide a really good care for our members in a cost efficient way. And so we're working through that but it's something that we're eagerly anticipating the final network adequacy rules being finalized.
Brian Kane: Sarah, I don't know the answer to that. I have not heard that directly but we can come back to you and get you the answer.
Brian Kane: Well, yes. As we mentioned, the open enrollment period, which is where you're referring to the January to March period. We did see higher sales and better term, so lower terminations than we had expected. I think the broker teams have done a great job in really conveying to potential members our value prop. And so they really exceeded our expectations and our members are stuck with us and so that's been positive relative to our expectations. And that's why we were able to raise guidance today in terms of Medicare growth. As COVID really started the social distancing and forced some of our brokers who go into people's homes, they weren't able to do that. We've had to encourage them and work with them to adopt digital channels, telephonic, digital, any way we can get to potential members, not in person. And so for some of our distribution channel, that's a very different distribution mechanism than they typically do. And so we've been working closely with them. And we'll continue to do so as the year progresses, particularly if this continues, as Kevin asked earlier, if this continues into the fall, we’re prepared to have a strong annual enrollment period for 2021. We also think that members are becoming more receptive to digital channels and telephonic sales. We have seen a significant increase and migration from in-person to more telephonic and digital channels. And so we think that is a good thing and so we expect that to continue. And COVID could potentially accelerate that trend.
Brian Kane: Well, I guess I would say that 2020 is going to be a unique year for sure. And I think we've said very clearly that we anticipate staying within our guidance range of $18.25 to $18.75. And there are a number of variables that can impact that and so we're going to manage that. And it's important to ensure our various constituents are taken care of. And so we plan to provide support there. I think as you roll forward to 2021, assuming things stabilize and get back to normal, I think it's possible to anchor off the $18.50 more of, think about 2020 is a more traditional year and then price off that. To the extent there are MA rebates or other challenges, I think we would effectively reset expectations back at the $18.50 baseline for 2020. So it's how we're thinking about our pricing and that's why we say it's a jumping off point for 2021. So really only to the extent that there are premium issues with respect to COVID and utilization differences than what we would have expected for 2021, I think that's where it might impact the 2021 earnings. But as we've said, I think we're trying to be very prudent about how we think about the potential COVID impacts for 2021 and incorporate those into our pricing. So I think we're able to create a stable baseline here, notwithstanding the potential meaningful volatility we'll see in 2020.
Brian Kane: I would say the phase out of the effectively the full coverage plan on our MedSup, I would say it's more on the margin. There might be some marginal transfer to MA. There still are very rich plans on the MedSup side that allow people, if they want MedSup can get it. They're not full coverage, but very close with the deductible. And so I think there's probably some benefit, but it's on the margin. I think the question is as you go into economic uncertainty, I mean I think depending on the member, but in many, many cases, MA saves members money. And so from that perspective, I think on the margin we could see incremental growth, because of any economic downturn on the MA side. But again, I think it's on the margin that would be our assessment there.
Bruce Broussard: And Justin, I’d just reemphasize. We are doing a lot of planning right now to be able to plan for more electronic and virtual sales than in the past, our market point sales and our partner are all walking side-by-side with us on this.
Bruce Broussard: Our clinics are closed from the standpoint that they are all value-based payments and really for the most part of full risk model. They are also in that relationship are very oriented to much more holistic and much more proactive care models of those to fit in a care model, and the main reason we stay open is to ensure that we do keep that activity out there. Our members are attributed for lack of a better description to our clinics and therefore, they are more oriented to our sales side as they begin to come in and as they've selected both of their insurance plan and then in terms of selecting the particular clinic that they want to join. So the shear does not move as quick as a fee for service volume base, where there’s someone's not open that need to go down the street to go to another area that's just not the way this business model works. And the beauty of this our clinics remaining open is that they're very active and preventing downstream costs from happening and maturing and the progression of specific diseases, and they can get to much more proactive as is our outreach program. And so much more oriented to how do we [Technical Difficulty] care in this time where a lot of providers [Technical Difficulty].
Bruce Broussard: Yes, a few things there. I think first we did accelerate payments for all providers. So first that we didn't differentiate between one provider or not and how we accelerated the payments. And the same thing on the removal of any kind of authorization and any administrative matters that were getting in the way of getting access to care. The second thing is and we did accelerate as part of our payments the area of bonus payments for performance and risk providers. So they naturally, since they are one of the only ones that would be getting those bonus payments, would benefit from that. But the primary acceleration came from just accelerating our payment faster than what we normally do. From a sort of a network stability, we haven't fully been able to assess that, because we're waiting for the system to open back up. We obviously have fulfilled a lot of the care gaps temporarily through telehealth and other means as to ensure that we're continuing to maintain the access to health in the area. I think over the coming months and maybe even possibly longer, we'll see what that disruption is and have a better impact on that.  But in general, I will tell you, we do see some providers and some significant financial challenges and we assisted them in many different ways. But I suspect that we'll have longer term impact, both in how people operate their business, they will see more come to value based payment models and in addition maybe some of the older physicians deciding to retire.
Bruce Broussard: I can't give specifics on every one of them. But I would say in general what we're hoping and working with the governmental partners here on, I think a number of these will stay and be waived permanently, because I do believe what has come out of this circumstance is a renewed focus on how do we expand the access points for members, specifically members that don't have transportation, are limited in mobility. And I do believe that that will structurally change the way care is provided in the long run. In addition, what we've seen is as a result of the circumstances that physicians embracing telehealth has actually increased greatly for many that were not interested in at the outset. And I think both of those constraints waivers that have been allowed, allowed us to be much more flexible in our approach and in addition our physicians being more comfortable to using it. I think we'll continue to go forward and I think we'll see structural changes. I do think some of the protection areas, as you identified the HIPAA area, I think some areas to ensure for check between a visit, like an home health that requires you need to have a home visit, I think there will be a combination of those things that will continue and probably be a little more restrictive. But I think in general we're going to see more support for telehealth on both the regulation side and on the physician adaptability.
Bruce Broussard: And maybe I would say a few things there. I would say first, as you mentioned telehealth. I also would say home is continuing to be an area where we're seeing a lot more interest in the ability to provide more acute services. Those services are primary care services that would normally be in an office setting, even getting to a hospital in the home area even if that's in the home. And what we're seeing in our business is [Technical Difficulty] ability to offer alternative setting to [Technical Difficulty] to the telehealth side. For our organization [Technical Difficulty] I think that we really saw in this crisis is the ability to be much more personalized and direct in the cohorts that we were focused on to be able to provide a care model as much more [Technical Difficulty] much more at the condition, the needs of the individual and become focused on how do we deliver that in a way that has got a number of different services to it. So that's the analytic area. But in addition, the care plan and the other area and then in addition the providers that provide that. So we saw much deeper opportunity to be most helpful with our members in a much more proactive fashion. And then the last thing I would really emphasize the value based payment model. What we have seen and heard back from providers and from both side, the fee for service traditional model and then also the members, I mean the physicians that have relationships with us that are risk based. On the risk-based side they say, I’m thankful I was in a risk-based model where, A, I was getting a consistent cash flow being paid as a percentage of premiums. In addition, I was able to be much more proactive and going and reaching out to my patients. I had both had the motivation and the reason to do it that allowed me to not only have the cash flow, but in addition the proactive nature of it also benefits me longer term. And so we saw this awareness of what value based relation shifts are and the ability to leverage that. So in summary, I would say telehealth, home, analytics and value based payments.
Bruce Broussard: And as Brian articulated in his opening comments. For us, we have seen not a significant number of COVID cases and so the impact would be small in any event.
Bruce Broussard: I would say telehealth has [Technical Difficulty] this has been an important attribute within our method plan even before this, so we're very oriented to incorporating telehealth in there. With that being said, I think it's less about getting it into the, I would say, into the benefit and more getting adaptability with our members. What we do find is that the adaptability of pure telehealth with a video is much less than what you’re seeing in the commercial space as a result of both access to technology and just the comfort of using technology. And so one of the areas that we're working hard on is to continue to find ways that we can increase the adoption of pure telehealth as opposed to just telephonic there. So I would say for us, it's not as much about the benefit itself, but as much as how can we get people to use it and utilize it. And we have a number of initiatives going on even before this but now even more intensely after the crisis.
Bruce Broussard: The first question around the telehealth visit and they're going to be equal to an in office. We have to study that. I think there's a number of motivations outside of just payment of using telehealth. And I think the awareness of the power of telehealth I think is increasing the physician area and their workflow, I think has been adapted for it. And I don't know if this payment has to be at that level or not. I think we'll find the right motivators for that, because everyone is keen on continuing to find a more distributed touch point for healthcare. We'll obviously keep you guys updated on that. I don't have a full analysis on that so that one, we'll talk about it sometime in the future. And then on the serology testing, we are very supportive of it. We feel that the serology testing is an important part of being able to reopen the economy and be able to know if you're safe and going into both the healthcare system but in the public side. I think we are very supportive of our lab partners and in addition our distributors are able to deliver those tests to be work with them. I would say one of the things that we continue to try and understand is that how impactful, they are because of their accuracy and in addition the percentage of the population that is truly immune to this. And I think we are eagerly watching a few studies out there, and Providence out on the West Coast is doing a study that with their providers and being able to understand how the test works there. I know there's a large study in the New York City area that is also going about doing that. So we will be very supportive and it's the right thing to do but we are also observing is it effective.
Bruce Broussard: I'll say a few things about PDP. I think as we have indicated on our fourth quarter call, we did see meaningful growth in the new plan we set up the low price point and that actually did quite well. And the determinations really came from the plan and we had to increase in the premiums, significant increasing the premiums there and I would say that we had to raise our estimates as a result of that. As we’ve entered the first quarter, we've continued to see the same aspect of that, and we love to be in the lower premium plan that compete and we enter the bid season that is something we're constantly analyzing and seeing how we could be in the lower price premium plan. I would say in general what we are seeing in PDP and you saw an industry decrease in membership overall is that we're starting to see that there's more movement into Medicare Advantage and away from just the PDP side. And we see that as a very positive, I always say it industry wide but more importantly as we look at our numbers we've seen some great conversions coming from PDP to MA PDP. And so I would say that as we think about Part D, we look at that as a opportunity to grow. It's very competitive and going to both the share and we anticipate going into next year. But we see the real value is continuing to pay what more and more of our members under the Medicare Advantage.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, we believe first just to put context around it and continuing to support the broad constituents [Technical Difficulty] and those providers to our members to like communities -- our community support. That is just an area that I would like to say and that's sort of the broad area. As we think about what the most [Technical Difficulty] our plan and our initial stages, we found that the access to food was very, very important. Social isolation and behavioral health, prevention is more import, ensuring people had access to pharmacy and the continuation of ability to receive care [Technical Difficulty] we look at the same thing as being [Technical Difficulty] the social distancing will continue. We believe that the mobility of our most vulnerable patients will continue to be challenged as a result of that. And we believe that all of those things [Technical Difficulty] depression at the same time the ability to fill their script [Technical Difficulty] and support those in the communities [Technical Difficulty] and the provider side and the added ability that number of [Technical Difficulty] income and we feel that there are a number of charitable organizations that can help us [Technical Difficulty] and so support. As Brian's articulated and I articulated, it's important for us to also stage as best that those investments be staged as we see the evolution of the healthcare system come back and that we can reinvest any kind of depression and the utilization and to the opportunity to put it into those that are being supportive, because [Technical Difficulty] we're trying some of the impact of the utilization being depressed. We'll continue to invest in areas around if we see benefits needing to change and encouraging to ensure that there are not financial barriers that would be another area that we'll also focus on.
Bruce Broussard: [Technical Difficulty] teammates, employees and associates [Technical Difficulty] in the transition and really our reach to our members. And can't send enough to [Technical Difficulty] federal and local that have found ways to help the system how making the response much more quicker in addition the ability for us to have much more impact [Technical Difficulty]. And lastly, we always appreciate [Technical Difficulty] shareholders [Technical Difficulty] year, especially the [Technical Difficulty]. So with that, I hope everyone [Technical Difficulty] and stay safe. Thank you.
