Bruce Broussard: Sure. So the flu is a major driver. It was around $45 million all-in for the company. About three quarters of that was driven in the Retail segment. With regard to Puerto Rico, I’d rather not go into the details of the numbers there but we are losing money in that market. We lost more this quarter than we expected. And really that’s driven by the fact that the dynamics in that market are different. The medical management of those members is different. We got hit by uncompensated care adjustments that we had to take into our results that weren’t in the bids because they came after the bids. And so 2014 was a very difficult year for that market. On the dual side, we are continuing to build up that infrastructure. As we think about investments for 2014, I’d say the duals came in slightly higher, individual came in slightly lower. So that’s sort of how I’d calibrate those results on the retail segment.
Bruce Broussard: Well, our guidance really incorporates all of our current businesses as they stand today. We are very focused on continuing to drive down admin costs and as you saw that in the Employer Group segment this year, we’ll continue to work on that. But we are evaluating all the lines of business. I think we’ve been very clear that all of our businesses over time needs to earn their cost of capital and we are going to make sure that occurs and we are being very disciplined about it. And so, I don’t want to comment on any specific businesses but we are evaluating our entire portfolio.
Bruce Broussard: Again, I will say, all of our businesses are being evaluated. I think we feel very good about our core businesses. So, I wouldn’t see any major change in that regard. But there are number of businesses that need to hit their returns and we are focused on that.
Bruce Broussard: One thing I would add to that is, as we’ve discussed, we had great growth in our HMO area and our strategy has always been is create a relationship through the PPO product and then evolve them over. And we just see that strategy continue to be strong, which both helps us on retention but also on the engagement and helping them with their health.
Bruce Broussard: I think last year, we had the same circumstance. We sound like a broken record, but our clinical platform has allowed us to offer stable benefits in the marketplace. And that clinical platform is not only helping us with stars score but it’s also helping engage individuals and getting them in the right clinical programs, which is ultimately lowering the cost of medical side, which is then turning around and allowing us to offer the proper benefits. I think it all sort of fits together. It’s just now stars. I would say that that’s a contributor in the individual marketplaces, but I wouldn’t walk away from the call and say that’s our competitor advantage or competitive advantage. It’s really the clinical program that drives the lower medical cost and better quality.
Bruce Broussard: So with regard to the first question on the investments, I would say it’s similar to what we discussed last call in terms of what we are expecting. Again, H1, we expect to breakeven. Hopefully, do better than that on the Medicaid dual side. We are expecting to reduce our investments pretty significantly. I would think about it sort of a $0.25 investment plus or minus on the Medicaid dual side for 2015. For Hep C, it really is -- it’s early to tell. Let’s see what happens for 2015. Clearly, the unit price discount helps but we still need to see where utilization ultimately plays out. We’re watching that very closely and we’ll see over the next few months where we stand. I would say as it looks today, we feel pretty good but it’s still early.
Bruce Broussard: So, I think overall, our view is this transition to value-based reimbursement and getting more providers in those reimbursement models is the best for, I think the industry as a whole. And we look at that as an opportunity for us, both in helping providers. At the same time, continuing to enhance the Medicare Advantage positioning. In regards to, does it affect the benchmark, I think is what you are getting to. Over time, it will affect the benchmark, I think in any kind of plan that’s there. It’s lowering the cost on Medicare if you affect it. But I do think, long-term, the Medicare Advantage offers a significantly better advantage as you look at the comprehensive nature of it. It’s just not about the price. Also what we found is about the integration of the services and the assistance that is provided there. But at the same time, we realize that we have to do better than the competition in our clinical programs and that competition is both within Medicare Advantage and also Medicaid as a whole.
Bruce Broussard: Again, I’d rather not go into specifics on our P&L in that market. I would say, there are real losses, they move the needle, they affected our tax rate. We are working hard to fix the problems in the market. The Medicaid -- losing the Medicaid contract, I think is indicative of where we are and deciding not to re-up there. And so our guys are working hard on that on fixing the problems and getting our members to engage and improve the medical management and a like. Again, we had some one-time issue in 2014 is related to uncompensated care and the time when that came into effect with respect to the bids. But as I said, all of our businesses that aren’t earning their cost of capital need to be evaluated and we’re certainly doing that.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah. Peter, this is pure speculation, so it’s always difficulty. I think we will look at the discussions that have historically been in the rate notice around in-home assessments as being an area of discussion and I also think the MRA adjustments are another area that possibly could be included in the rate notice. But that’s really based on the dialog that has happened over the past few years with them and I don’t have any insight information more than anybody else has on what’s going to come out.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah. If I wasn’t cleat, I think, we expect around $0.25 of loss in 2015 for the state base businesses.
Bruce Broussard: No there -- there has been discussion on the effectiveness of in-home assessments and the work that’s been done there on a number of different occasions. I don’t think there has been one proposal that has been agreed upon by the industry and by CMS. And I don’t -- we don’t want to get into commenting on what we think CMS would come out with based on our discussions about industry wide and company specific.
Bruce Broussard: Well, I guess, I’d say we viewed it’s a good thing that we are able to reduce the reliance on the 3Rs by over half. That’s a delivered strategy we made by ticking up pricing. We’re being very disciplined there. And that’s really part of our strategy to get to breakeven or better for 2015. So I think when we saw the new sales come in and break down by medal tear and age and geography et cetera, we are able to take it down slightly from where we were on the third quarter but we view that as a good thing. And again feel positive about where we are with that business and how we priced it.
Bruce Broussard: Sure. Well, as you know, we did increase the expected trend for our commercial group business to 5.5% to 6.5% from 4.5%. So that was a significant increase, I think, reflecting all the things that you just discussed. On the Medicare side, it’s not as directly tied to economic growth. There was probably some impact. We focus pretty intently on where the trend benders need to be relative to whether the rates come in at from a CMS perspective. And I would say there is probably less marginal move unlike the commercial side based on economic growth and other factors, employment, et cetera that you would typically see.
Bruce Broussard: No. We are not going to get to that level of detail. We haven’t really evaluated it. I don’t know the answer of this specific, how fuel impacted but we take the holistic view where trend maybe and number of factors go into that.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. There is one other dynamic in this small group space that you are all aware of, I’m sure is that there is a movement into the community base trading methodology and that’s kind of an interesting dynamic that we’re watching play out with some of our competition and where they price their community rated business rates versus where we’re at. As we sit here right now, we feel pretty good about how we’re positioned and are monitoring not only the community rights but the migration from our existing block of business into those with the transitional relief opportunity that we have. So again feel pretty good about that and I am glad that you noticed that in some of the stuff that we provided.
Bruce Broussard: That was relative to our forecast for the fourth quarter. We had a very difficult December with regard to flu. As I said, it’s abated towards the end of the month and early January, and so we feel good about where we are for 2015. The 2014 results were worst than the 2013 results, but I don’t want to go into specifics there, but they were certainly worst particularly in December.
Bruce Broussard: Yeah. We really don’t get into the habit of commenting on those broad aspects until they’re finalized. I don’t want to get into that, because it’s just speculation and I will leave it at that.
Bruce Broussard: I think that was the last question. So with that being said, we really appreciate the support by our investors and the confidence in the company. And most importantly, we thank our 55,000 associates for their dedication and helping our members with their health and all the necessary actions that are required with that. So thank you very much, and have a great day.
Jim Murray: This is Jim Murray. As we look across the various markets that we grew and there were probably 10 or 12 markets that we would point to. We are seeing the beneficial impact of our higher stars rating. We believe having a favorable impact in the way that we were able to position ourselves relative to the competition. Bruce earlier talked about North Carolina and that’s a market where we have 4.5 stars. And some of the competitors there were there before didn’t have as higher stars score. We think that that in terms of the premium and benefits that we are able to put on the street helps to position us better. So, I would say that that’s one aspect that we are seeing play itself out well. We are obviously very pleased about that. As respects, the numbers that we get from competitors versus fee-for-service, I would tell you that that number, as we looked at is about 50-50. Agent generally, the significant part of the agent growth occurs during the ROI as opposed to during the AEP itself. A lot of favorable dynamics and again, as Bryan and Bruce both pointed out, we are pretty pleased with the way that this AEP played out for us.
Jim Murray: There are about -- this is Jim. There are about 50,000 Medicare Advantage members in Puerto Rico as we ended the year. We purposely try to downsize as respect to our activities relative to the AEP, so that we can shrink that membership. The premium that we get from the Federal Government for Medicare is solid. As Brian alluded to you earlier, the government made some change in the way that they pay hospitals after our bids were finalize for 2014. That was a big drag on our results. And the other thing that Brian mentioned, the loss of focus, because we did loose the Medicaid contract and the clinical model that was commensurate with that negatively impacted our Medicare results. So we expect this smaller portfolio of business in 2015 and as Brian said, we’re actively working on things that would improve that our prospects in Puerto Rico and that’s probably, where we should end it.
Jim Murray: This is Jim. We have always -- over the last number of years expected the worst and as we focus on what our necessary actions relative to trend benders, we plan for that and we’d see what happens in April and then we evaluate our bid processes and strategies accordingly. But we are in the process as we speak of trying to identify trend bending activities that would address the worst case scenario in some of the things that Bruce talked about. And we are putting those in place for 2016 as we speak.
Jim Murray: When we entered the exchanges in 2014, I think we communicated to the investors that we were going to grow in 2014, while in 2015 transition to insure that there were sustainability in that business long-term. And what you see happening is that -- that’s what’s happening that we grew in 2014, we would define success this year as maintaining our membership that we had in 2014 and 2015 and -- and having maintaining that level while at the same time reducing our reliance on the 3Rs, specifically 2Rs to allow us to make that transition, when the 2Rs go away next year.
Jim Murray: I’m actually happy that the seniors have fuel for their cars because then they can go and see their doctors and take care of all the things that they need to take care of rather than waiting for an acute event. So I’m happy about that.
Brian Kane: The major driver really is the capitation. As we continue to increase our physicians under capitation arrangements, basically you have a benefit expense, you don’t have a reserve. And so that really is the major driver. If you look at the roll forwards, you can see the days move really driven by that. The LTSS business has a similar dynamic in the sense that we pay the nursing homes on a monthly basis and so again, we have this expense without having that reserve and so that will naturally take it down. And then as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this quarter, we had an outlier in the sense of H1 and that the members came on a little bit late. There were a bunch of pended claims that we were working through and we really did that over the fourth quarter. And so that really I think -- I’ll put those as the three major buckets what’s driving today’s claims. I would also add that our cash flows are still very strong. And so as we think about our quality of earnings metrics, we’re very focused to make sure our cash flows are good and they are.
Brian Kane: Yeah. So as we said, I don’t really want to distinguish between off-exchange and on-exchange in terms of our pricing. As we said, we’ve been very disciplined on pricing with our entire ACA-compliant book. Off-exchange is part of our strategy. It’s an important part of our strategy. And we’re looking to mitigate the losses in both the off-exchange and on-exchange. And again all-in, as we said, we do expect to do that this year.
Brian Kane: Well, again, as we -- back in the third quarter we did suffer the impact of some of the transitional relief that we discussed. We got some of that back in the fourth quarter through, I would say both current period and prior period development that were better than expectations. And that really was the driver of the outperformance along with the continued focus on admin cost. I would say as we move into the next year, the price for Hep C and the like, hopefully we’ll continue to see improvements there. And really where we need to focus is on the admin side as well.
