Brian A. Kane: Well, Josh, I'd say in your first question, I would say that our margin targets really are in the 4.5% to 5% going forward. We're going to take it on a year-by-year basis. It's important to think about this, as both Bruce and I have emphasized, as really an enterprise view and we think holistically about our business. And so we'll look at it year-by-year and figure out what is the right margin target to target. But I would say that our long-term targets are really more in the 4.5% to 5% range, and we'll take it on a year-by-year basis, depending on a whole host of factors, including the competitive environment, the rate environment, et cetera. I would say, to your second question, that we feel pretty good about where the Medicare environment is. I think we feel that our competitive positioning is very good. Our integrated care delivery strategy is working. And so we continue to expect to grow the Medicare business, which again, has the ancillary benefits on the rest of our enterprise, which again, we can't emphasize enough how important that is.
Brian A. Kane: Well, I don't think there's any specific. I think our view is that just having a specific margin target at a point estimate is not prudent as we think about maximizing the overall enterprise view. We think, as you said, the 50 basis point difference doesn't have a significantly material impact on our business. And so as we think about holistically what the way to drive the overall results are, we're going to maintain flexibility depending on the overall market conditions. But I think broadly our view, as we've said on the Medicare business hasn't changed. We're very positive on where we think it can go and the growth we think we can achieve. And if you look back at our results, I think it's very clear that, that's occurred. If you go back and look at our Healthcare Services results and look at where we were profit-wise in 2013 and where we're projecting for 2015, I think that gives you a sense of the power of our integrated care delivery model. And so I think that's really what's driving our perspective there.
Brian A. Kane: Well, Peter, we'll see how the competitive environment unfolds and how we do. We feel very good about where we are. We'll see if we can exceed those targets. But that's where we think a reasonable place to be is at this point.
Brian A. Kane: Yes. And on your second question, A.J., with regard to Hep C. Look, we thought it was important to highlight that we're -- feel that what we've put in our Medicare bids are sufficient to cover that headwind, as well as in our commercial pricing. And so we want to call that out because that's a number that we had as we rolled forward from -- during the year in 2014. So it was important to call that out, that we reflected that. And in terms of share repurchase, that is correct, there is additional repurchase assumed in the back half of the year.
Brian A. Kane: Sure. So on the -- look, we think that the 4.5% to 5% is a number that's, like we said, reasonable going forward. And I think that's where we want to continue to strive to hit. As we've said, nothing -- really, going back to my -- an earlier comment, I think that's just what's prudent to do as we think about maximizing the overall enterprise value here. With regard to the membership growth, I would say we're, call it, probably 40,000 members ahead approximately of where we were in terms of the 2015 guidance expectation. When we were setting the bids back in June, we're probably about 40,000 members ahead of that. Again, we'll see where this ultimately plays out. We think those are reasonable growth targets, and we feel pretty good about where those are.
Brian A. Kane: I would say that the Medicare utilization, in terms of our expectations, I mean, what we've seen play out through the balance of 2014 have really been in line. As you know, Matthew, we really look at admits per thousand from an inpatient trends perspective. We track that really rigorously, and it's really in line with where we expected. In the early part of the year, you're right, it outperformed a little bit in terms of those numbers were slightly better than forecast, but our expectation was that it was going to come back to within where our expectations were. And as we roll that forward to 2015, we expect it to really remain in line.
Brian A. Kane: Look, I think, as Jim said, on the legacy side, we do expect attrition there, and we'll see where they ultimately go. It is a price-sensitive market, and so as we forecast for 2015, I think we're mindful of the fact that this market hasn't been in existence very long. And so while brand and loyalty will play some role, it's still early days. And so we're trying to really just understand where we are positioned competitively, and we'll see how this ultimately shakes out. But I think, given where we are from a price position perspective, as Jim articulated, that's really why we're forecasting the way we are forecasting. We do expect the on-exchange members to remain around the same. And you're right, we are assuming that the market will grow. In our pricing, there is an assumption that the market will grow, that the -- effectively, the morbidity of the market will get better. And that's part of our pricing assumptions, as well as the reduction in really almost in half of the 3Rs. But it's still early days, and we'll see how this plays out.
Brian A. Kane: Yes, I mean, look, I think it's clear, we're -- all-in, we're losing money this year. It's like we have these investments in the exchanges. I mean, we'll broadly lose in the $60 million range all-in this year on the individual side, and we expect to take that to breakeven this coming year. So that's broadly how we think about it. And as I we -- as I articulated in my remarks at the beginning, we still expect some investment, but that's on the state-based side. We're hopeful that will break even this year on the exchange side.
Brian A. Kane: Yes, we don't disclose that level of detail in our Medicare book. I mean, you have what our retail margins are. And that's -- and I'd just point you back to my remarks at the beginning as to what our margin targets are for the Medicare business.
Brian A. Kane: Look, I guess it's fair to say that. I mean, there's no doubt that the margin that we've articulated is a pretax number, and we are faced with a much higher effective tax rate next year approaching 50%. So it is fair to say that the overall margins, as everyone is facing because of the industry fee, have been reduced.
Brian A. Kane: Sure. On -- it's Brian. On Harvoni, we are anticipating an increase in utilization of that drug, and we've modeled that and forecast that, and that's anticipated in our pricing. And so again, we feel pretty good about that, where that's priced for our Medicare book and our PDP book. With regard to the $30 million, it will show up in the MLR line, the MER line, and there's a whole list of things, obviously, that drive that MER line, but that $30 million would show up there for sure.
Brian A. Kane: I would say it's a combination of things. I think, generally, we've really ramped up the infrastructure. We're still doing that. Part of that also is getting to a stabilized MER ratio. We expect that to come down over time as we engage with these members, and there is clearly additional investment there. So it's really a combination of things. But I'd say the MER getting to a stabilized ratio is pretty important, as well as continuing to scale up the business.
Brian A. Kane: Well, look, it's something that we're thinking a lot about. We'll potentially talk more about that going forward. I think suffice to say, today, as Bruce articulated, we feel very good about how we're positioned in the long-term growth perspective on this business. From a top line perspective, given the -- from where our core business where, the significant number of agents we're seeing every day, the penetration of Medicare Advantage and our positioning within Medicare Advantage gives us confidence that we can continue to grow that book. When you think about operating leverage, as we continue to ramp up the H1 business and start turning a profit there and the state-based business starts breaking even and ultimately turning a profit, we think we can drive material operating leverage, as well as we continue to scale up more broadly, and then we are going to have capital return as part of our regular commitment to shareholders. And so when you combine that, we feel pretty good about what our top and bottom line prospects are.
Brian A. Kane: Look, we're not going to comment on that at this point and give specific revenue growth targets. We would say that we're very pleased with our historical performance here. We're hoping we can achieve it. But this is a very complex business. And we're not in a position, at this point, to give long-term guidance other than we feel very good about how we're positioned.
Brian A. Kane: Well, look, as I said earlier, we feel good about where we are from a debt-to-cap perspective. We think it gives us the flexibility of where we need to be. We'll always refine our perspective on where our balance sheet is and what our capacity is. But I would say, from a leverage perspective, we feel pretty good about where we are.
Brian A. Kane: Well, we're always reviewing the M&A landscape. We're always looking at our opportunities, both organic to fund that growth, as well as inorganic. So that review is ongoing and will always be ongoing.
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim. We're 2 weeks into the selling season and things seem to be going very nicely. But this was our attempt at putting a number out there that made some sense, and we'll see how it ultimately plays out.
James E. Murray: In 2014, as Brian talked a moment ago, our trend benders were very, very positive, as they will be for 2015. We -- relative to the competition, we had a very good value proposition in a lot of the markets that we do business, and we see that same kind of value proposition playing itself out in 2015. So it's very early. Let's see how the remainder of the year plays itself out.
James E. Murray: This is Jim. The utilization on Medicare has gone very well this year, with Humana At Home playing a large role. There was some favorable utilization in the first couple of months because of the cold weather. The other thing that I would just quickly remind you of related to 2014 is that when we thought our group business was doing better at the beginning of the year, we made the decision to invest an additional $100-and-some million for 2015's trend benders, which is putting a little bit of a drag on our Medicare results for 2014. So that's part of the offset that I would highlight for 2014. But utilization is really strong. We're really focused on Humana At Home and what kind of results that that's going to achieve for us and feel very good about that as we get our trend benders for '15.
James E. Murray: This is Jim again. We feel really good about how we were able to grow this past year with the exchange business. As you all know, we doubled our membership from 0.5 million to about 1 million members, and we tripled our overall revenues up to $3 billion, which got us into a nice scale position. We were able to do that because of the way that we designed our products and our networks and really focused on efficient networks in many of the markets that we offered the product. That enabled us to probably be in a 1 to 2 position in terms of low price. And as we look at the competitive environment now that's deteriorated a tad, although not significantly, so it's such that we're probably somewhere between second to fourth lowest in a lot of the markets that we do business. But again, the price differential between the low plan and us right now is not that significant. And so we're obviously going to test some of the persistency theories that we've got relative to this business. The drop is anticipated because we're going to lose some of our legacy business, not exchange business. But just trying to be cautious in terms of what we're guiding for next year, given the new competitive marketplace and some of the issues that will likely occur because of the subsidy changes that are going to take place with the new competitors in the marketplace.
James E. Murray: This is Jim. There's probably 10 things that go into our favorable Star positioning. Bruce talked about some of them earlier when he talked about predictive modeling. We have teams of people who are identifying each of the individual geographies and age contracts in each of the cells of the various Star measures to identify where we predict that will be relative to each and every one of those. We've got a team of people in the markets. We've literally created folks who are called Star Czars in the markets who are focused on driving Star results for us as an organization. We have a layer of people here at corporate who do an amazing job, hundreds of people who are focused on how we're doing market-by-market, organizing our efforts. We're also doing a lot of things -- you've heard about our CareHub workflow and messaging capabilities. We're literally sending messages to our members and their doctors about where they stand relative to care gaps, which we'd like to get close so that our HEDIS scores improve. We're also doing things around our customer service organization and the related impact that, that has on Stars measures. And so it's a really incredible effort that comes together nicely every year. And I think that you'll see continued improvement from us going forward, which, as you correctly pointed out, really helps us with our overall revenue perspective into the future.
James E. Murray: We do a good job with Stars, and we do a good job with trend benders. And as you know, the offset of that is funding from the government. And I think in over the last couple of years, we've demonstrated that we are able to manage through that headwind fairly well and grow, which is, frankly, a big part of the story here is our ability to grow organically. And our Medicare business, I think, is really -- differentiates us from a lot of folks.
James E. Murray: Dave, part of the issue related to next year was the lateness in some of those contracts in their start dates. The states weren't quite ready to give us a lot of those members. And as a result of that, some of the investments that we would have otherwise made last year and got infrastructure in place, fixed infrastructure, is now having to be put together next year. So it's probably a little bit higher investment in '15 than we would have otherwise thought we were going to make last year at this time.
Bruce D. Broussard: To be more specific, on 2014, there were some competitor reactions that inured to our benefit that, I think, helped us grow in '14. We don't see that in '15 as much. And so we brought our estimate back down to what is a normal growth rate for the organization.
Bruce D. Broussard: So when we did the bids, we do reflect what we think the trend benders will be in that appropriate year. And so in 2015, we've included the trend benders in there. And in 2014, the latter part, the trend benders continue to be an expectation of both as opposed to overachieving or underachieving.
Bruce D. Broussard: So I'd tell you, maybe to bring more specifics to the growth rate. We do -- Medicare is growing at about 3% per year. The number is fairly large. And from a number point of view, but we do see Medicare Advantage growing greater than the Medicare number as a result of the growth in the participation within the Medicare Advantage program as a whole. We also believe, as Jim has articulated, that our clinical programs, including our Stars ratings, gives us a competitive advantage in the marketplace, allowing us to keep our rates stable and then continuing to ensure our value proposition is one of the higher-competing competitors in the marketplace. So we do believe that we will take more of that share as we've demonstrated in the past. And so when we think about a sustainable growth going forward, we think the clinical program really is the engine that allows that growth, and then you combine that with the demographic aspect to it, it seems to be a very intriguing market for us long term.
Bruce D. Broussard: We don't comment on specifics like that. I think the -- what shareholders should take away from is that we are constantly looking at our portfolio, both in businesses that are not strategically aligned and, in addition, businesses that are not returning the returns that we are looking for. And this is going to be a constant evaluation. We're not going to speak about a specific company, especially when we haven't put out any kind of public discussion on it.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think where we are in the private exchange maturity is, as people are trying to understand that we're preparing for some conversions over the longer period of time, but in today, we're seeing those conversions.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, like always, we thank each of you for your support for the organization and also especially our 55,000 associates that should take credit for improving the health of our members and also creating long-term sustainability returns for our shareholders. I wish everyone a great day, and we thank you.
Steven E. McCulley: A.J., this is Steve. I'll take part 1 of that question, which was last year, when we rolled forward from '13 to '14, we had a higher level of PPD in '13 that we didn't see playing itself out at a similar level into '14, so we normalized that as we rolled forward from '13 to '14. We think now we're more at a more normal level, so we don't have the same adjustment as we roll forward from '14 to '15.
Steven E. McCulley: No, this is all normal. So we just think about normal reserving practice results in a typical level of margin or redundancy at the end of the year. And then if you use the same practices, you're going to have the same level the following year. And the only time that it really pops out as a reconciling item from 1 year to the other is there something changes or you had more than -- a lot more than you expected or a lot less than you expected. So the way we -- that's the way we think about it. So there's not a reconciling item for us going from 1 year to the next for this item. And I'm not sure how others do it, but I would think that would be typical.
Steven E. McCulley: None of the cases that we lost for 2015 had an aspect related to private exchanges. It was a large case primarily that we lost because of some competitive reasons on the fees and some of the commitments that were made relative to medical cost, but we just didn't think we could go to. As with respect to private exchanges, we're doing a lot of work to understand them, not only from a larger group perspective, but also small group perspective. We're doing a lot of the same things that our competitors are with testing some of the exchanges that are being brought up by the consultants and the broker community, and we also have our own proprietary exchange. So we're not seeing a significant amount of movement yet with respect to the exchanges, but we're starting to -- trying to understand where we think that will go.
