Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Matt, thank you. So certainly, as we've said repeatedly, we definitely are approaching our 2020 guidance with conservatism, which we think is a prudent thing to do. We disclosed the explicit $1 COVID headwind, which is embedded in our guide. And while we do consider that conservatism, we do just want to reinforce that there remains to be a lot to learn about COVID. There are certain dynamics that continue to emerge, things like whether Medicare will cover over-the-counter testing. We continue to watch the trends in terms of hospitalizations due to COVID. As I mentioned, while the Omicron variant seems to be less severe, it is much more transmissible, leading to many more COVID hospitalizations, some of which are not, frankly, directly related to COVID in terms of the admitting condition, but rather they're being admitted and happen to test positive for COVID. And that results in that extra 20% payment that's provided for under the public health emergency. So those are just two examples of the things that we'll continue to watch, which may prove to be that the $1 COVID headwind becomes necessary. But as we've said clearly, if it proves that – like we've seen historically that all of the COVID costs continue to be offset, and that proves to be conservatism, then you will see that release over the course of the year through additional earnings. And if the entirety of that $1 was not needed, then we would end up above the high end of our long-term targeted range. But just again, encourage everyone to not get ahead of us on that as there's still a lot to be learned and monitor, as it respects COVID trends over the coming year.
Susan Diamond: Sure. I can take that, Justin. So for your first question about the $1 billion cost cutting, how much is cost cutting, Bruce laid out four sort of high-level categories that we expect to contribute to that overall goal of $1 billion in value creation. We would estimate currently that each of those will probably proportionately contribute to that goal evenly over those four categories. There's still a lot to be done to finalize discrete initiatives and the timing of those, but that is our initial thinking. And we'll certainly keep everyone apprised of our progress towards that goal as we go through the year and finalize some of our 2023 pricing and bids. As it respects to the timing of that, as I said, we continue to work on the detailed assessment of opportunities that will lead to a variety of implementations over the course of the year. We are highly motivated to create a path to that. So we have a run rate going into 2023, so we can count on that in pricing. And we would certainly expect some benefit from these actions in 2022, although the benefit would be meaningfully smaller than our overall 2023 target, expecting that most of these initiatives would be implemented late in the year and so contribute less obviously to 2022 guidance. As we discussed recently with the reduction of our 2022 individual MA membership growth expectations that, that all other things being equal would have some negative impact to 2022, certainly, any acceleration we can get from the $1 billion value creation activities can certainly help as one of the puts and takes that we always consider as we finalize our full-year forecast. So all in, again, while we might have some impact from these initiatives in acceleration, that would be contemplated in our guide. And it's just one of many things that we've considered as we go out with our initial guidance. As with respect to 2023 and beyond in our commentary, we do remain committed to delivering against our long-term earnings growth target. We believe that the actions we'll be taking this year to position us to return to leading growth will help us do that without negatively impacting our expected long-term EPS target. So that's our current expectation. And certainly, we'll continue to keep you apprised as we go through the year.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Stephen, I'll take that. So the value creation will span all segments. Different segments that will probably contribute a little bit differently. Certainly, in our MA business and the scale at which we operate, as Bruce mentioned, we might expect more efficiency opportunities in that business versus within Healthcare Services where we're still looking to grow particularly in primary care, where it's less mature and then within Kindred, as we described, focusing on improving nurse retention for the purposes of creating additional capacity to drive top line growth is where we might focus. So it will look a little bit different. I would say, in places like Healthcare Services, we'll look for opportunities to optimize the business performance to improve additional pretax contribution and value acceleration where some of our more mature businesses will likely see more benefiting from more traditional cost initiatives and productivity. In terms of how we'll use the capacity that we create, that will be a combination of benefits, marketing and distribution on the Medicare side as well as continued investment in Healthcare Services across Pharmacy, Primary Care and Kindred in order to support some of our forward-looking capabilities there. So how exactly that will be allocated will be determined based on some additional work that still needs to be done as we approach our 2023 bids. Our teams are actively working to assess the impacts of the 2023 selling season and formulate their recommendations in terms of how to best optimize those investment dollars across product, marketing and distribution. It's hard to say right now whether we can fully get back to industry-leading growth by 2023. That certainly would be our goal, and we'll work hard to see if we can do that. But recognizing the rate notice still needs to be reviewed once that comes out and a variety of other factors we need to consider that will ultimately determine whether we can do that in one year or whether it takes a little bit longer. And again, as we go through the year, we'll keep you apprised of our efforts. But certainly, we'll work hard to accelerate growth as quickly as possible.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hey, A.J. So I think as we disclosed before, we anticipate that it will take roughly three to five years to deliver and achieve certain mature operating performance within an individual de novo clinic and through our Welsh, Carson partnership seem to be on track to deliver that. I don't believe we've disclosed the targeted margin for our primary care centers. But I think what we've said previously, we don't believe that our operating performance would look meaningfully different than others that are operating in the public space, other high-quality performing providers. So we have every reason to believe that our cost will be similar to others and performance level.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Josh, I can take that. So in terms of your first question about whether the $1 billion investment would fall to the bottom line or be reinvested, I think our thinking right now is that it's likely to be predominantly reinvested into high priority areas, including Medicare product, distribution and sales as well as primary care in the home. Having said that though – that allows us to return to industry-leading growth, just the trajectory of that membership growth and the resulting benefits to the full enterprise and the variety of capabilities and services that support those members, that can also allow for some of that margin expansion over time as well. In terms of the references we made to value creation, what that's recognizing is that over the last number of years, we've made meaningful investment in a variety of areas, things like consumer experience, technology platforms, digital and analytic capabilities as well as on the Healthcare Services side within primary care in the home as well as pharmacy. And what we're going to ask the enterprise to do is rather than embark on additional investment in some of those capabilities, rather focus all of our resources on maximizing value creation out of those investments we've already made. And we believe that will lead to opportunities accelerate value creation for the enterprise that can then be reinvested into all of those things I just mentioned. And one example of that is the introduction of our value-based home health model. While we envision a comprehensive model that Bruce described in his remarks, there are also opportunities to deploy discrete elements of that, whether that's stand-alone DME or utilization management in markets that maybe don't have the density to support the full model and that we can accelerate some of that to generate additional value for the enterprise. So those are things that we'll ask the team to focus on and just maximize return off the investments we've made to date rather than continue to invest incrementally more in the current time frame. On the margin question, so again, we remain committed to our long-term individual MA margin. We're pleased to announce that we'll see some progress, positive progress this year as we mentioned in my remarks. We expect expansion of about 50 basis points in 2022. We think that, again, over time, as we return to an industry-leading position and scale some of our other businesses, that does allow us to continue to expand margin long term discretely within the health plan. But also, as we've said before, we think it is important that everyone continue to focus on the broader enterprise margin potential off of our Healthcare Services capabilities which as we continue to expand the coverage of primary care and the home and increased penetration in pharmacy, those discrete contributions allow us to add significantly more value to the enterprise off of that base individual MA membership long term, such that we should be able to see even greater enterprise margin expansion over time. And as we continue to grow those businesses that will just become an increasingly important part of our value creation story and support our long-term sustainable EPS growth target.
Susan Diamond: Great. Thanks, Scott. So for the first question related to premium. So yes, we gave disclosures throughout 2021 as we continue to track the submission of diagnosis codes, which obviously, was important into returning to more normalized premium levels for 2022. So we did continue to see diagnosis code submissions track as we expected. It’s important to consider that the January premium overall is also going to reflect the impact of members newly enrolled or disenrolled. It also now reflects the impact of the higher mortality that we experienced as a result of COVID. We’ve mentioned that we’ve been studying those impacts for some time, recognizing that the members who passed away as a result of COVID had higher than average risk scores as well as higher-than-average claims, recognizing that individuals with multiple chronic conditions were the most susceptible to severe COVID complications. So you will certainly see that reflected in our premium yield for the year, which all other things being equal, will be a little bit lower than we otherwise would have expected because of that higher mortality due to COVID. Again, the claims also run higher for that population and the results of both of those dynamics are reflected in our estimates. So we do expect our individual MA, P&P [ph] and yield to be in the high single-digit range for 2022.
Susan Diamond: Yes. And then yes, on your question, yes, as you mentioned, when we disclosed the transaction, it was roughly 50-50 split. Hospice had slightly higher margins than the home health business, and those trends continue. So that’s a reasonable assumption.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hey, Ricky. So on the first question, I’d actually have to get back to you on the actual technical coverage in terms of our CenterWell clinics overlay to our Medicare membership. So we can get back to you with that number. I don’t believe we’ve ever disclosed anything specific to retention related to Humana members in those clinics. I will just point out that our clinics do provide care agnostically. So they have many other health plans that they serve. And so even if a Humana member should choose to enroll in another plan, they have an opportunity to preserve that member should they participate in those networks as well. As those centers continue to expand, that is an area that we are very focused on and really understanding sort of the experience that they’re providing to patients and working to ensure that those – that they have industry-leading retention within those clinics as well. And they do have very high NPS and patient satisfaction as a result of the high quality and comprehensive care that they provide. On the $1 billion of value creation, as I mentioned, the four categories that Bruce described, we think will contribute roughly equally to our overall goal. And so as he described, there are – there is a component that is related to value acceleration, which we think can impact a variety of top line growth opportunities or trend savings, et cetera. But the other categories do involve really taking costs out of the system by working more efficiently and effectively, eliminating sort of lower value work as a way to get more streamlined and focus our associates on the most important work in front of us.
Susan Diamond: Yes. So as you think about the – Bruce laid out four categories. There’s the supply chain, which, again, that is savings as well. So I’d say, really, it’s more like three quarters of the total is probably going to come from various savings initiatives and then about 1/4 from other value acceleration opportunities.
Susan Diamond: Sure. So as with respect to value creation goal that we’ve set, that is with the intent of allowing us to invest in the Medicare business as well as health care services and return to industry-leading growth not at the expense of margin. So the intent is that, that will be reinvested such that we don’t deteriorate margins but rather maintain and then over time, continue to expand MA margins toward our long-term goal. And we believe that target savings and value creation opportunity will allow us to do that. In terms of where we’ll focus those investments, I think within the Medicare business, as I said, there’s a lot of additional work to be done. But certainly, we will make product investments. As we analyze our results in the D-SNP space, while we continue to grow nicely, we’re not growing as much as we had last year. And there are certainly opportunities to enhance that product offering that we think will allow us to get back to a leading position in D-SNP. And we’ll look at other opportunities by product as well as geographically to do that and be really thoughtful in the way we optimize any investments that we’re going to make. We also are looking at distribution as we’ve been discussing and what opportunities there may be there in terms of further investment in incentives to encourage retention and other things to optimize those channels as well as marketing. We’ll continue to look for ways to increase our share of voice, as Bruce described, but also ensure we’re getting the highest return on that investment. And there’s likely some opportunities to do more there. In terms of the rate notice, we’re as anxious as everyone to see that. That should come out soon. Based on the strong bipartisan support of the program and the strong enrollment and continued enrollment by Medicare beneficiaries as they choose MA, given the value that it provides to consumers, we would expect that, that would be more moderate. Our expectation is that it may not be quite as favorable as we’ve seen in recent years, but our expectation is not that it’s negative either. But certainly, this is – we recognize it’s the first rate notice. We’ll see how the Biden administration and look forward to seeing that and hope that it continues to support the program and all the beneficiaries that it serves.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Lisa. So with respect to pharmacy business, as we look at our 2022 expectation, certainly with the lower-than-expected MA growth, that will have some impact to the PBM year-over-year. But we also had outperformance in the stand-alone Part D space, which to some degree offset, although our PDP members don’t use mail quite the same rate as our individual MA. So a little bit of a negative relative to what we would have expected. But otherwise, we’ll continue to work to drive mail order penetration and then certainly utilization trends are expected to continue to increase as you would expect and consistent with historical trends. On the specialty side, the team does continue to look at opportunities in the specialty space and evaluate ways to both provide services agnostically but also continue to drive their ability to participate in distribution of various specialty-related drugs. So they continue to look for ways to expand that business. The other thing that they do is they work very closely with our health plans. What we like about our own specialty business is they are really working towards the health plan goals, which is to reduce waste and ensure that we’re reducing the cost of those high-cost specialty drugs where and when possible. And we think that’s a real advantage to having our own specialty pharmacy, which is very focused and oriented to the health plan goals.
Susan Diamond: Yes. The only thing, George, as we acknowledged in the release is there may be onetime charges related to some things that we do like real estate, getting out of certain real estate. And so those we would intend to non-GAAP related to any onetime charges in order to realize some of those run rate savings.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Thanks, Rob. On individual MA growth, we continue to monitor our trends both sales in terms into the open enrollment period that runs through March. And I would say that generally speaking, those trends continue to track consistent with our full year guide – adjusted full year guide. So we continue to feel good about that. On the PDP, I would say the seasonality of the PDP looks similar to overall sort of growth seasonality where you do see a disproportionate amount in January. But we do have an opportunity in PDP conversions in particular with low-income members who do have the opportunity to move throughout the year. So it’s not quite as weighted to January as overall growth but still more than 50% certainly is realized in the month of January.
Bruce Broussard: And Justin, just to maybe create some clarity on when we talk about the initiatives that we're focused on and slowing down, I just want to reemphasize to the shareholders that we are very oriented to growing the primary care in the home area. And so those initiatives really would continue to see the planned investments in those areas, those other areas that we will slowly grow or pause as a result of this $1 billion goal.
Bruce Broussard: Yes, I'll take that. It is in addition to what we normally have seen over the years. As you know, we've continued to focus on our productivity. We do believe a number of investments that we've made over the last few years are ripe to really help with the productivity side of our organization. And in addition, I think there's some number of them that will also provide some clinical and additional clinical benefits for us. So this is in addition to our normal, as you referred to, the trend vendors our clinical outcomes there. So why don't we think about the investments there. But to be frank with you, we are pushing the organization to be more efficient. This is a much more larger effort for us as an organization, we feel that we have significant opportunity to do it. We believe that focusing on investing in our customer is the top priority for us and continuing to expand the Healthcare Services side. So that just takes a continued refinement of where we spend our money and focus on continuing to be more efficient.
Bruce Broussard: On your question on 2024 and just sustainable, our objective in this $1 billion goal is to have a significant amount of the savings to have a sustainable year-by-year. This isn't just a one-year shot. We're looking to really focus on the improved productivity as an important part of that. Obviously, the clinical programs we can build off of are really two areas that we look at as having sustainable long-term impact.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Let me start, and I’ll look to Susan to add. We’ll continue to work with our external partners on being able to ensure that our customers and, frankly, the industry customers are properly – have the proper understanding of what they’re buying. At the end of the day, that’s what we’re trying to ensure. Our disclosures are not much different than others in the marketplace. And the time that people spend on our members throughout the industry, I think, are about the same. But we do believe, considering just the sales channel itself continuing to reemphasize to our – to the members, Medicare members in totality and understanding what they’re buying is very important. We are seeing increasing interest by CMS around this particular matter. And in fact, you saw it in some other regulations that came out in the early part of January that they continue to be oriented to this particular area here.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. That’s great question, David. We actually refer to that internally as the flywheel and the ability for us to leverage the touch points with our members in the various different providers, and that would also include the pharmacy side. And we’re seeing great benefit from that all the way from obviously driving more volume, better clinical outcomes as a result of the coordination that’s there and then, in addition, driving higher satisfaction. So it’s really touching all parts. What I would say is what you see, we started – primary care is much more focused in the markets they’re in, while Kindred has a much broader platform that can be wrapped around the primary care side. And so in a few markets this year, we’re actually going to work on the integration of that together. That’s one of the reasons why you also see a consistent brand around CenterWell, where we’re beginning to start to integrate that. So I would say 2022 is a year of beginning that process. But I would say subsequent to 2022, you’ll see a lot more activity in the local market of much more integration around the care model. And in addition, we see significant benefit from that.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. We usually see between two to 4x better outcomes when I say that both financially and clinically as a result of the ability to bring this in.
Bruce Broussard: Just – I know there’s a lot of interest in this. So maybe just to provide little more clarity here. What we find in this channel is there is a high degree of confusion that is with the members and what they buy. That’s one of the reasons why you see the high churn. And it has created a number of downstream issues, both confused and – members. And then in addition, just some compliance issues. And that’s why you see the efforts by us and other organizations to ensure that we ensure that the individual is properly purchasing the plan that they choose.
Bruce Broussard: Gary, just a few things. On the tuck-in ones, we see those as just great opportunities because we can buy them at a fairly low multiple as a result of the synergies that we get in the marketplace there. So they are very – they’re great deals for us overall. So we want to continue to do those. And as you have seen over the years, we have been very sensitive to how we utilize our capital and sensitive to valuations because we do believe over time, the ability to drive value we see greater in the organic side and just densification in the markets that we’re in. That being said, I mean, we would – we obviously would look at those companies there. We still think the valuations, albeit they’ve come down quite a bit, we continue to look at them and say, are they at a level that would make sense today. I just question a little bit of that. But that being said, we would continue to look at them. But I just – we just feel what we’re doing in the organic side, combined with tuck-ins, is really driving – will drive significant amount of value for the shareholders over a longer period of time and can continue to advance our strategic positioning.
Bruce Broussard: It could be. I mean, again, as what we’ve seen as they enter generic status, it is a great opportunity for the PBM to drive value. What ultimately happens is we do drive those rebates back to our customer and lower the Part D costs. So as you think about just the opportunity here, it’s always around how do you create a competitive product in the marketplace. But it is an opportunity for us.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Let me try to clarify that. I think our intention is really to reinvest it in the customer value to be – I think ultimately, it will show back up in the bottom line through higher growth. And as you all know, right, we all are focused on how do we continue to grow our customer line. And we feel today we have the opportunity to find – to invest in both the channel, the marketing and, in addition, the product itself to drive that value. So from an investor’s point of view, I would look at more of the top line benefit from comes from that than the bottom line, just the margin itself. So it’s a much harder math to do, but it is something that’s very oriented to top line growth. In regards to just the structure of the cost savings of it, as we’ve talked about on a few occasions, it is a combination of cost savings, taking costs out of the system, being both efficient and eliminating things that lower value and, at the same time, improving revenue but mostly clinical cost as a result of it. So there will be – when you think about the income statement line item primarily, it will show up in the operating expenses with a little bit showing up in the area of the administrative – the clinical piece.
Bruce Broussard: Yes. Let me start here. I think, first, just to remind the investors are actually we will be close on our sales this year. So it was more of a retention issue as opposed to sales issues. So I just want to put that in some context as we think about commissions. We, today, pay the market value, the maximum commission on the sale itself according to the regulations that are out there. There are a number of other dollars that are invested in the external channel, the telephonic channel. That includes marketing, includes some additional incentives that are more oriented to the company as opposed to the salesperson itself. How the company distributes those and does that, we really don’t get into – involved in that. So when we talk about commissions in total, we talk about there’s different levels that are invested with the partner. We have been more reserved in where we spend those dollars just because we also find there are more effective ways to do that in other channels over the past number of years. And when you look at our sales success even this year, you see that the commission side is an area there. But it does motivate churn in the marketplace. That’s really what we are communicating to. And that does hurt us this year. And I would say so as others sort of ramped up the payments, it did hurt us on the churn side as opposed to the sales side. Going forward, I don’t think we’re going to provide that kind of detail today. Obviously, it’s early, but it’s also a competitive market out there. And we want to make sure when we do something that it is done more proprietary in the way we approach it.
Bruce Broussard: Well, thank you, and thank you for your continued interest in the company and investing the time today. I hope our comments were put that Humana is in a great position. I think we will continue to lead the industry both in the ability to drive membership growth, and at the same time, improve the health outcomes for the people we serve. And obviously, I want to thank our 90,000 associates and teammates that make this happen every day because without their work, we would not be as successful as we are. So thank you. And again, thank you for your support.
