Michael B. McCallister: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, Humana reported third quarter 2012 earnings per share of $2.62, which exceeded our expectations of $2 to $2.10. We also increased our earnings per share guidance for full year 2012 to a range of $7.25 to $7.35 from our previous range of $6.90 to $7.10 and provided our 2013 financial guidance, with EPS expected to be in the range of $7.60 to $7.80. In addition, consistent with the succession management plan we first shared with you a year ago, we announced this morning that our President, Bruce Broussard, will assume the additional role of Chief Executive Officer on January 1, 2013, while I will continue as Chairman of the Board. Humana's Board of Directors has been very pleased that the transition plan, originally outlined at the end of last year, has progressed in line with our expectations. Bruce has confirmed our Board of Directors' initial confidence in his ability to lead Humana successfully for many years to come. I'm pleased now to turn the call over to Bruce, who will provide you with our strategic and operational update for the quarter, as well as a look ahead to 2013.
Michael B. McCallister: Thanks, Jim. Before opening the phone lines for questions, I'd like to add my full endorsement of the integrated care delivery strategy that Bruce set forth in his remarks. It takes advantage of industry trends, it plays to our historic strengthen in Medicare and it opens up new and promising revenue streams for the enterprise. By partnering with physicians and giving them the data assets they need to offer our members quality, cost-effective care, I believe over the next few years that we'll not only grow the company, we'll also contribute meaningfully to improving our nation's fragmented, inefficient health care system.
Michael B. McCallister: Thank you. Let me just remind everyone about the strategic decisions the company has made over the last dozen years. We were the company, I think, that best recognized the opportunity that Medicare Modernization Act meant in 2003 and has transformed our company. We're, I think, one of the early companies to really understand that this business was moving to retail and to consumers, especially in the Medicare space and potentially in the commercial space as well. We've got the strategic implications of an Affordable Care Act. We have a really rapidly evolving, real-time information environment. And you've seen an acquisition this morning from us that feeds into that. There is rapid provider consolidation throughout the country. And you've seen some action this morning down that path. But I think at the end of the day, the strategic implications in front of us here today, and I think what you should take away from this call and what you've heard this morning is that we are completely convinced that integrated health care, as far and as fast as we can take it is critical to the next chapter of what happens, especially in the Medicare business but potentially for the entire business. And so you're going to continue to see us work very quickly down that path. The future is about integrated health, it's about population health and it's about payment for quality. And I think Humana's set itself up today, in the midterm and in the long term to be able to deal with all of that. And with that, Bruce and I will thank you for joining us. I also want to thank the Humana associates that are on the call today for making both this quarter's results what they were and setting us up for a great future. Thank you very much.
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim Murray. The transactions that we talked about today and some of the investments that were spelled out are the right thing to do from a strategic perspective. And whatever happens down the road with respect to MLR requirements and rules and regulations, we'll deal with that as they come along. Some of the – the other question that I think that you asked is the relationship that we currently have through MetCare and MCCI, with those competitors that we do business with. And we're really pleased that the relationship exists. And I think folks from MetCare and MCCI are calling those competitors today to demonstrate that we would love to continue our relationship with them going forward. And that would be something that would be very important for us down the road.
James E. Murray: Well, the current plan is for MetCare to be a separate subsidiary, and the results of our health plan business will flow up through Humana's results and MetCare's results will flow into our overall consolidated financial reporting. What happens ultimately with how the MLRs are required to be reported or included in our bids is something that has to be determined by CMS and we're waiting for guidance on all that.
James E. Murray: The results of the acquisitions that we reported on today and the investments that we reported on are included in our 2013 guidance, net of any investments that we have to do to combine those into the company. But as we said, it's modestly accretive.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. The suggestion that I made earlier, obviously, MetCare has to close before it can be included in our guidance. When it does close, it would likely be modestly accretive as well as MCCI. So I apologize for that.
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray again. As Bruce reviewed in his prepared remarks, there's a significant investment that we're making in clinical resources, both in our market offices, as well as with our Humana Cares chronically ill capability, where we telephone our chronically ill seniors to help stabilize them in their homes. And so there's a lot of momentum that is developing as respects those 2 initiatives. And we feel very good about how those are playing themselves out. I think you also asked about whether or not the beneficial impact of those initiatives are going to likely be included in our result. And obviously, they are. But I don't want to be flippant. But like Prego, there's a lot of things that are included in our guidance for next year. You've got secular trends of anywhere from 4% to 6% depending on upon how that all plays itself out. Our trend vendors, when we did our bids, it was anywhere from 2% to 4%. And the more work that we do around investing in clinical resources makes us feel better that we're going to be on the higher end of those trend vendors. We also have MRA activities that we're doing. The recalibration is included in all of that, as well as some beneficial impact from the good work that we do with Stars, sequestration. And so yes, the good work that we described on all these clinical investments is included in our guidance. But there's a lot of other things, and we just have worked over the years, as you all know, to try to be as conservative as possible and do as much as we can so that we can come out sometime during 2013 and tell you about a lot of good stuff that's developing. And so I don't want to be evasive. But there's so many things that go into our guidance for 2013. The more we do around investment, the better we feel.
James E. Murray: As you -- many of you after the call were wondering whether or not we really got stuff into our bids, and then when you saw how it all played itself out in October, when CMS released a lot of that, there was a lot of write-ups that, in fact, we had caught a lot of the stuff that we had identified in the second quarter. So I feel good about the fact that our bids addressed many of the issues. And as I said earlier, we are constantly trying to improve the cost structure of our programs because right now, as you know, there's funding cuts that are being played out and the amount that we're getting from CMS is not very significant. And so the more we can do to invest in clinical programs and do the good things that we talked about around our strategy of integrated care delivery models, the better I feel about our ability to achieve the guidance that we just shared with you a moment ago. So I feel very good about where we're at going into 2013.
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray again. I'm not sure how CMS calculated what they calculated. We looked at a market-by-market evaluation of where we were relative to the competitors and how much we thought we could sell with the benefits in premiums as we filed them with the government. I will tell you that for 2013 that we're probably -- if we sold 480,000 in 2012, we're currently estimating selling about 450,000 this coming year. And we have a termination estimate that is somewhere around 320,000 versus the 260,000 that we are seeing for 2012. And so that's about 100,000 delta, which kind of comports with the growth that we're going to see this year of about 220,000 or thereabouts. In the first couple of weeks, we've been dealing with hurricanes and we've been dealing with presidential elections. But I feel pretty good about the guidance that we put out there, not only for our MAPD growth but also the PDP business. Lots of stuff will take place over the next couple of weeks, but I feel cautiously optimistic with the targets that we've established.
James E. Murray: Yes. You asked some questions about the bids and secular trends. And we put out guidance at around 4% to 6%. And philosophically, I guess you could guess that we generally see around a 5% trend as we look way back. And so that's philosophically where we're seeing trends come in on a regular basis. And in terms of trend vendors and stepping back even a bit more, that -- we do many, many, many bids. And so we do market-based bids, and so the secular trends that we may use may be different in Omaha that they are in Florida. And the same goes with the trend vendors. A lot of the work that we do has to be market-based. I said earlier that our trend vendor work is somewhere between 2% and 4%. And we generally feel pretty good about the way that we achieve that. We have a whole team of actuaries that study our trend vendors. And we constantly are adding to those trend vendors and people are making sure that we're honest with ourselves. We've got to hit a track record of being -- of beating those going forward, and that's some of the dialogue that we had earlier in my remarks. So we'll see how that all plays out. But again, I feel very good going into 2013.
James E. Murray: The trend vendors are coming out pretty much right now that we're in November. So they'll play themselves out for the remainder of the year and we'll even see the trend vendors final themselves out in the first quarter of next year. So they're right on target right now. And I would guess that as we close out stuff in the first and second quarter of next year, we'll probably see some amount above next year. A little bit.
James E. Murray: With MetCare, once it ultimately closes, there's integration costs as we've evaluated there; IT capabilities, putting their current duplicative IT capabilities together, will have some cost for us as an organization. We also detailed the acquisition of Certify, which is bringing together the various providers in the network that we establish. And some of the costs related to doing that relative to the MetCare acquisition is included in that. And so if you look at MetCare's profitability and you reduce some IT cost spend, some MSO capability spend that Bruce detailed, as well as putting together a lot of the asset, the transaction costs that we want to do with Certify and what-have-you, it comes out to a number that's modestly accretive going forward. But again, it has to close first.
James E. Murray: As related to your excise tax question, it is our intent to build that into our pricing for not only our commercial business but also our Medicare business going forward.
James E. Murray: Yes. And a lot of that 15% solution and now this new strategy that Bruce laid out relative to the integrated care delivery model will help us to continue to target that 5% going forward.
James E. Murray: Yes. Since we reported out in the second quarter, there's been a lot of work that we've continued to do and we've had smaller ahas. We identified some distribution channel issues with one of our partners that was selling to a block of business that got us more than our fair share of risk. I will tell you that I'm not certain that there's a silver bullet. There's a lot of things that kind of came together. And I guess, I might call it a perfect storm. We were a little bit more aggressive than we had been in our 2012 bids. We had the new member growth that resulted from that. And as we've tried to detail last quarter, new members carry a higher medical expense ratio. So if you had more of those, it impacts you negatively. I also might suggest that some of the issue that we had was going into new geographies and not really having the clinical programs in place to address some of those that is why we're doing so much to build some of those clinical capabilities that Bruce detailed. The outpatient issue was pretty severe in the first quarter. We're seeing that slow down quite a bit in the second and third quarters. And then we also talked about that messaging issue, where we were messaging folks to do the preventative work, and that's playing itself out. And I think that will ultimately help us in the long term. So a lot of things came together to create what we reported in the second quarter. We're seeing some modulation of those as we go into the third and fourth. And I feel good about a lot of what we're building from a clinical perspective to deal with those in 2013.
James E. Murray: Well, we'll see how it all ultimately plays itself out. We can tell you right now 5%. The one thing that I will tell is that our bids addressed the members that we had at that point in time. And the other positive thing that I shared with you in the second quarter but we need to see how this plays out is as it respects the new members that we're going to get this year, I believe our benefit designs are tighter than they had been in 2012. And so the new member targets that we shared with you last year, I think, are going to go down, which will also provide a positive going into 2013. But again, we'll see how this all plays out. There are so many variables and assumptions. But I feel very good about where we sit for us going into 2013, particularly with some of the clinical investment that we're making, and now this new investment in the integrated delivery model that we feel so good about.
James E. Murray: They're very different. The spend that we've made during 2012 is to support and buttress our ability to manage and care for folks in the markets that have acute events, as well as chronic events. Some of the spending that we detailed for this year related to the chronically ill. The investment that we're talking about for next year is to acquire primary care physicians and to build integrated care delivery models, which as we've explained in the past are so much better in terms of controlling variability and managing our members in a more holistic approach. And so totally different spending items.
James E. Murray: In the schedule that you may be looking at, you may be noticing that the entire $75 million investment that we're detailing here today is included in the Health and Well-Being Segment. And all of that will be paid back within a 2-year timeframe. And so we feel very good about the payback that will create itself as a result of spending that $75 million. And when we said modestly accretive related to MCCI and MetCare, what impacts that negatively in the first year or so is a lot of integration cost, which ultimately as somebody asked or pointed out, go away, and so that will then begin to demonstrate itself in years '14 and '15. So we feel very good about the acquisitions that we're talking about.
James E. Murray: Just not to belabor this, but one more item. I think if you look at the PBM margins that exist out in the marketplace, that the margins there are pretty similar to what we're booking as a company. And right now, our Health and Well-Being Segment is comprised significantly of our PBM activities and operations. The Concentra platform was acquired a number of years ago to fill out this strategy that we're now laying out there. The margins that it's enjoying for its urgent care and occupational medicine business have been on the lower end. But we ultimately see as we're acquiring primary care physicians and putting them on the Concentra platform that the margins that they'll enjoy will begin to go up over time. And so I think you'll see some nice growth in the margins from our Health and Well-Being Segment, as we move more and more into this primary care and the delivery of care that Bruce laid out earlier.
James E. Murray: Yes. The 2011 new members that we detailed on the second quarter call have improved since we showed you the slide that we showed you on the second quarter. But it occurred as a result of this year's improvement. And so feel very good about how 2011 is starting to turn itself out, and now we look to 2012 to do the same.
James E. Murray: Yes. As I detailed earlier, a lot of the spend that we're making by hiring nurses in markets, as well as hiring nurses for Humana Cares allows us to address those new geographies that are included in 2013. And as well as the plan designs that I referenced earlier will also address the issue for 2013. So all of those coming together will help us with our 2013 results.
James E. Murray: Sure. CareSource is responsible for the losses on the Kentucky relationship that we established up to some stop-loss level, which is fairly high. As it relates to some of the other things that are going on in Kentucky, you see a lot of bad results from some of our competitors, and obviously, some of the contractual content that would have to change before we would be interested. But we'd always be interested in moving into various parts of that business. But again, the contract would have to be amended. Apparently, the cost assumptions were probably inappropriate.
James E. Murray: Yes. One of the things that Bruce Broussard highlighted was investing in as many as 15 primary care or chronic care capabilities with a joint venture partner who specializes in focusing on the dual-eligible population. And so we feel very good about the opportunity there, particularly in these fixed markets.
James E. Murray: The individual business for us is currently about a breakeven proposition. In terms of the revenues that we enjoy as a company, think it's less than $1 billion compared with $25 billion from the MA business. We see that there's an opportunity for the individual business in 2014 as we go into certain states where we think it makes good sense to do that. But in terms of how the individual business is going to move the dial at Humana, it's probably a smaller part of our overall thinking as an organization. We're cautiously optimistic that we're building the right mechanisms and what-have-you to compete on a selective basis in 2014 after we see how that all plays out. But it's not a significant area of focus for us as an organization going forward.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray again. The only thing that I would say that has surprised us is the lower pricing on the PDP business by one of our competitors. Other than that, some of the -- each market stands on its own. You see some stuff in a particular market that is surprising in terms of the premium or the benefit design. Those all seem to balance themselves out on the MAPD business, and so that's why we feel reasonably confident with our 125,000 net growth number. So the only thing that I was a little surprised about was what happened on the PDP business. And we'll see how that plays itself out.
Bruce D. Broussard: Josh, in regards to that also, we today, with our CAC centers, actually have some relationships with those competitors today. And I think it has been fruitful for them as a result of our capability and operations. And I would see that continuing in the acquisitions that we're talking about.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, as Jim was outlining, we really don't break out outside of membership growth relative to what's in there on the dual side. So I can't answer that question. In regards to our capabilities overall in the dual-eligible aspect, we feel today our relationship with CareSource and our current internal capabilities, along with our contracted capabilities, should serve us well for the coming years. As you articulated, we've had success in Ohio. We've had some success here in Kentucky. And we also are in active bidding progress in the other states there. And it doesn't give us any inclination that we will not be successful in the other states there. So we're going to continue on our strategy of internal build along with the partnership with CareSource.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, really a combination a few things. First it is a platform organization for us in continuing to expand our MSO capabilities. And so we look at that as the ability to take it and grow it in other markets, as we actually have been successful with other relationships, where we've been able to make investments and then grow them in other markets. But this particular case, it allows us as take their platform and also operationalize it. And so we look at that being the most important reason for the acquisition. And so when we talk about 300 to 400 additional physicians, it will be built on that platform from an MSO point of view and using the Concentra platform from an ability to manage the physician side.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, a few things. I think, first, obviously, you now have another source of revenue as a result of that, so not only from an insurance point of view, but now also from an ability to earn on the MSO side. So there's an earnings aspect of that. The second aspect is also we are then able to have a platform that we can expand, where currently we do not have partners in those particular marketplaces. And as we look at an integrated care model long term, it has the most effect on cost of care, the quality of care, and in addition, from an experience point of view. And our objective is to grow that throughout the nation, and we want to align with partners and have the platform to be able to grow that. And that's what you see really behind the investments both in acquisition of MetCare but in addition, our investments in our joint ventures.
Bruce D. Broussard: Peter, I think just to maybe put it into some of the same context that Jim was referring to, we are balancing the need to continue to grow the organization, and from a shareholder point of view and provide the adequate return. I think as you look over the years, there has been pretty impressive growth in the organization. Has not been driven largely by just buying companies to get from size, we've been very oriented to focusing on how we can advance our strategic aspect while still growing organically. And when you look at the organization and where we're positioning itself, there are significant changes that are going on in health care over the coming years. And we believe that the acquisitions that we are doing today, not only position us in the short run from a financial point of view but position us in a long run of being able to be a leader in dealing with those changes, and most importantly, to be able to drive down the health care costs. And that we continue to focus on that. And these acquisitions that we've added here, the Concentra acquisition wrapped around a primary care aspect, our investments in Anvita and our investments in SeniorBridge are all examples of where we are focused on building a system that long term will deal with and have a competitive advantage as opposed to just short term relative to meeting accretion or dilution tests.
Bruce D. Broussard: Well, first, your point is right is that we are oriented to a vertical integration wrapped around integrated care model. So that, we'll confirm. In regards to the markets, we are oriented to geographic concentration because we do find that, that geographic concentration allows us to invest in the markets and be able to achieve the most efficient health care delivery. In regards to divesting and your specific question around that, we are constantly looking at markets and figuring out if they are the most effective market for us to be in. And so you don't see a lot of assets that we would be selling. There might be times that we might exit a market, but that has less of a financial implication because we don't have a lot of assets in those marketplaces. It's more relative to just leaving the market there.
Bruce D. Broussard: Right now, about more than 30% or so is in our relationships that we have and what we call risk-bearing relationships. We would see that being between 1/3 and 1/2 of our population would be in those members going forward. And so not only will we be growing the HMO product or the integrated care product, we will also be growing the PPO product. So we'll continue to support that product, but our primary focus will also be moving members into the integrated delivery system over time.
James H. Bloem: Well, the amount -- there's been a stabilization of the second quarter when we talked about what the new member cohort are. So that those -- there is no change in what we had originally put forth there. We indicated in the second quarter that we had seen an increase in the MLR of the new cohorts. We had then projected that through the rest of the year. We've seen the real stabilization of that. So the improvement basically continues to be as the book continues to get better in the rest of the business, we indicated that we've had strong PDP results and that the rest of the business continues to perform just as we had originally envisioned it, both originally last year and in the second quarter.
James H. Bloem: Well, again, as we mentioned about our 2013 bids, as we said in the second quarter, we're very pleased with those. And as we've seen things develop, that's continued to be the case. So what we've seen in terms of the overall MLR, we're returning to our overall objective of a 5% pretax operating margin. And again, we've also taken into account the competitive positioning that we learned about in October.
James H. Bloem: Okay. Well, Justin, well, obviously, right now, we're going to stay with cash and debt because we don't know when it's going to close. We don't know how it's going to relate to when the dividends will be dividend-ed up above. But you're right. Our debt-to-cap has fallen below 16%. And so you can expect that debt will be a significant part of what we do. We haven't quite finalized all our plans yet because we want to see how it closes. We have the other 2 acquisitions as well. And then we'll probably look to package that up at some point. But we also have $1 billion line that's still available to us, too, that's unused.
James H. Bloem: Let's start with -- what was it? Prior period development versus prior -- in the quarter versus the year. All of the prior period development was prior year.
James H. Bloem: Actually, our assumptions with respect to commercial group, are very similar to what they were at this time last year and actually what they were this time 2 years ago. So you look at the 5 component of trend, those are really all in the same brackets that they've been in. And so we're thinking that probably have about a 5% trend this year. So 150 basis points takes us somewhere, plus or minus 50 basis points, takes us somewhere between 6% and 6.5%. And again, as I mentioned in my remarks, we haven't seen this eventual uptick in trend, but we still continue to price and guide for it.
James H. Bloem: Well, I think Jim answered the question before in terms of looking at where we've been and where we're going. In terms of that $46 million, we've pretty much stayed on the schedule that we've set for ourselves in terms of implementing and hiring the clinicians and doing the things it takes to take care of the acutely ill to get their scores correct. And so again, I feel like we've done with that what we've set out to do for that piece of it. Then as we go forward, we said ultimately, we do hope to get that ROI that was mentioned. We did say though that there's many things that go into 2013 guidance, and this is just but one of them.
James H. Bloem: Well, I think as Bruce indicated and as Jim indicated, these expenditures are really designed to give us broadened capability, to take the capabilities that these 2 entities have and to move them across all the places where we want to have the kind of network build and the kind of clinical capabilities that we want. So I think that, that's the real -- the real issue is in and of itself, it is going to be accretive, as we said modestly in the first year, and then it'll pick up as we go. But the real accretion and the real benefit from it comes from the fact that over time, we'll operationalize this in many different places, the capabilities that these 2, the 1, the joint venture, and the other, the acquisition, bring us.
James H. Bloem: Okay. Well, Peter, I think that, again, when you take the capability plays that we got with both of these acquisitions, starting with Concentra, the many locations, the 350 locations and the ability to really move to more of a primary care physician acquisition strategy than they had, they represent very good value. Now you're right. We've reinvested the earnings that we've had from these acquisitions. So if we'd have done nothing but continue to do with them what they did without us before, then we would have some of that and we would've had some of the earnings that you're talking about already. But what we need to do as we go forward and why we've elected to do this as rapidly as we are and as quickly as we are is because we see that it's very important in gaining control of health care cost and improving our consumer experience that we get this done in the timeframe that's still really is around before 2014 and beyond. And that way, having those capabilities when that time period arises, will be of great strategic value and economic value to us.
James H. Bloem: Well, the margins in the Health and Well-Being Segment, I think, will be better. The only thing that's holding them down, there's a little slide in my presentation at the end, where you can kind of look at that. But if you look at the 2-year totals of what we're looking at, you can see that we continue to drive down the operating cost ratios in the core businesses, the Retail and the Employer Group. And that's going down by 150 basis points as shown there. Now 140 basis points of that 150 basis points comes right back as we change the accounting for TRICARE. But then come back over to the Health and Well-Being, the only reason that has increased by 60 is the 75 spend. And to come back to your first question, when we decide how much we're going to pay for these, we look at the capability we're buying and what that cost versus what would be the time and the money and the cost of doing that on our own. And it's that speed that we think that justifies the higher premiums. And then continuing to work down the cost on the operating cost part and take that capability and use that to do that, to continue to drive that cost down, that's where we can improve our own multiple to get more in line with the multiples we pay for the things we buy. We're very careful about how much money we pay when we look at -- and we look at all of our alternatives to get these capabilities.
James H. Bloem: No, David, it doesn't. Again, prior year development came from generally the prior year. And again, we had -- as we indicated second quarter, we had some of these numbers, but that was a minority part, a very small part of what the prior year development was about.
James H. Bloem: Well, to start with, the 45,000 that we mentioned is basically, again, just talking about in the second half of the year, people begin to await the exchanges. And as you know, the individual business is more ratable, it comes during the year. So you'll get -- you have more and more people -- you have more people come in during the year as opposed to at the beginning or in the middle. So we wouldn't be in a position right now to tell you about 2014, but we think it's quite reasonable to assume that as 2014 approaches and the health insurance exchanges, the regulations come out and people know what they are that they'll start to be able to look at that in addition to the coverage they now have. So we think that fewer people will be buying coverage in the current marketplace and more will be looking for that January 1 start date.
James H. Bloem: Yes. Carl, I saw your question. And we normally put a little sentence in the press release that says, "The difference is working capital changes." And that's what it was this time. And principally, of that $270 million, it's about $230 million was income taxes. The parent pays the income taxes for all the subsidiaries, and then eventually gets reimbursed by them. So that's the difference.
