Steven E. McCulley: Sure, Peter. This is Steve. I think -- first, I think if you took -- if you looked at last year and you adjusted for the long-term care charge in the fourth quarter, we earned around a little over 30% of our earnings in the first quarter. And I think if you take this year and you do the same math, you get to a comparable number. But still, you're -- I think the difference is -- what I would also throw in there is that the hepatitis C impact is largely in front of us in the remainder of the year. So a lot of that lies ahead. So that'll put some pressure on the remainder of the year relative to the rest, as long -- as well as the duals in the investment and the duals that also continues to run between now and the end of the year.
Steven E. McCulley: Sure. Thanks, Kevin. This is Steve. The -- it is mostly reinsurance. So more than half is the reinsurance. And that's going to move up just with volumes. So -- as we've added a lot -- as we've increased our membership estimates, that number has moved up commensurate with that. And that shouldn't -- the thing about the reinsurance number is that, that number gets larger as we go through the year. It's not -- it'll accumulate. So -- but I wouldn't expect us to be a lot different on a per member basis around the reinsurance than the other carriers. Maybe the risk selection affects that to a degree. But we're just -- we're trying to give as much disclosure as we can around what we see. And, again, I think it's mainly reinsurance driven. So I would just leave it at that.
Steven E. McCulley: Thanks. This is Steve. Probably the smallest amount will be the risk corridor in the full year that we look -- as we look at the full year. In the quarter, we recorded $54 million for the 3, and about $13 million of that was risk corridor. We don't -- with the budget neutrality, there's -- we don't see any problem with that, certainly for 2014, because CMS, number one, they believe that there are sufficient funds to pay all the risk corridors currently. And to the -- I guess, there is, theoretically, a possibility that down the road in '15 or '16, there could be -- if there's a shortfall, we would contemplate that when we think that, that comes into play. But for 2014, we're very comfortable that the risk corridors are appropriate to record.
Steven E. McCulley: Carl, this is Steve. On the clinical investments, we -- the way I think about those is they're recurring, but there's -- there'll also be recurring benefits that go with those 2. So when you looked at the waterfall slide that we presented, the first one was a favorable item of $0.70 to $0.85. A lot of that was due to the investments we made in the prior year in those same -- in similar programs. So yes, we will continue to invest in the clinical program but there'll also continue to be a benefit from that.
Steven E. McCulley: No, it was -- it's too early to tell. I think in the first quarter, we had a little more than we expected. We'll see how the rest of the year plays out. And as we get further into the year and see how the rest of it -- see how the full year plays out and we give 2015 guidance, we'll update you at that time.
Steven E. McCulley: I think that's right, Sarah. I think the only -- and I'm assuming you're talking about the retail segment, specifically. If that's the case, then what you would have in there is improvement in the MA trends. And you would have then the hepatitis C and the higher drug costs and those things are all kind of moving around in the benefit ratio ranges that we give in aggregate. So nothing really else happening there.
Steven E. McCulley: Andy, thanks. This is Steve. I will start off by saying the $0.40 to $0.50 is the incremental impact. What we thought in our -- when we -- at this time last year, when we were pricing our Part D business, is that we knew these drugs were in the pipeline. We expected them to happen late in the year, and they came much sooner than expected. And that's the differential. So -- but the numbers are pretty significant for us. So on the -- obviously, CMS, when you go through the risk corridors and you get -- I'm sorry, the phases of the Part D benefiting, you get into the reinsurance phase, CMS ends up picking up most of the cost for these people that didn't get into the catastrophic layer of the Part D benefit. So we anticipate for our Medicare business have -- Medicare and Part D business having north of $1 billion of growth cost for these drugs in 2014. So it's a very big number. Obviously, the net impact to us is smaller. The net impact to CMS is very significant.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. There's certainly a chunk of that in the first quarter. But that's also spread out over the year. I don't have any -- I can't give you any specifics on that. But it is -- it's going to be throughout the year, with a chunk of it in the first quarter.
Steven E. McCulley: Tom, this is Steve. No, there wasn't really a specific reason. We were working on the rate announcement with CMS. So that was in play a little bit. So that was something we were just keeping an eye on. As well as, I mentioned earlier, around the dividends, our dividend request under a little bit more scrutiny from the DOIs with the implementation of the Affordable Care Act in the way that fees are handled in the statutory financials. So just monitoring those 2 items was really all we were contemplating.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, to Steve's point. It's really a math exercise. We've looked at other of our commercial blocks of business, and we've seen that level of claims experience above the reinsurance attachment point, and we've applied that here. We are pricing for 2015 for the wear off of the reinsurance benefit that winds down over a period of time. So inherent in our 2015 pricing is the fact that, that reinsurance number is going to go down over time. So when we talk about our pricing for '15, we can see pricing levels anywhere in the single digits to the double digits. And a big part of that double-digit drive is a result of the reinsurance wear-off.
Bruce D. Broussard: We're just in the midst of our bid process here in estimating 2015 rates. And I think it would be premature to talk about our membership growth for '15, Josh.
Bruce D. Broussard: We've said in the past that we do believe that Medicare Advantage, for a host of reasons, will continue to grow faster than the population. We see penetration historically growing even in times of rate reductions from CMS. And I think it's evidence of the population preferences and how they have changed over time. And then, secondarily, I think Medicare Advantage, because of the improved quality, the clinical programs and the integrated delivery model, offers a much better value than fee-for-service. So we do see it growing greater than that. I think year-to-year changes in market share and where we grow or our competitors grow faster, is really, I think, a result of clinical programs. And as I've said on many occasions, the differentiation in the marketplace is who's got the best clinical programs and can offer and really improve the experience in the clinical aspects of the member. And we're biased, and we think Humana today is the leader in that.
Bruce D. Broussard: Sure, the admission rates that we're seeing are very, very favorable, not only for the first quarter, but they continue into the second quarter. Some people have said, "Well, gosh, that's because there was such a bad winter." But I would point out that most of our Medicare membership is in the Southwest and the Southeast and, in particular, Florida. We don't have a tremendous amount of Medicare members in the Northeast. So our admission rates are very, very favorable, we believe, in large part, because of some of the clinical programs investments that we're making. We're looking at pharmacy information and what's happening from a generic use rate perspective and a mail order use rate perspective. And that's very solid. The number of people that are getting enrolled in all of the programs that we're constantly evaluating is increasing. The predictive modeling tools that we develop that identify folks faster and give us the opportunity to have a conversation with them are working better. So a lot of the things that Bruce has shared with you many, many, many times in the past seem to be creating a fairly favorable utilization environment. So we feel pretty good about that and that's why we took the step of wanting to invest more so that we set ourselves up better for the future.
Bruce D. Broussard: Matt, just to carry on that conversation. Keep in mind, one of the reasons why we're in this circumstance is as a result of the transitional policy that was decided by the administration around the underwriting and people being able to keep their own plan. So as we think about this and what it's impacting in 2014, and taking dollars from 2015 to '14, it really is a result of that policy change that's driving some of the circumstances we're in.
Bruce D. Broussard: A.J., on the exchange side, just to add to Steve's comments. One of the large assumptions that's going to have to be vetted out is going to be the rate increases because that's really going to determine how this business transitions from the -- to ours, the risk adjustment -- I mean, the risk corridors and the reinsurance to an ongoing business. And I think it's going to be important as we work with the states and the federal government on the rate increases over the next few years, and we're just beginning that process. So our outlook is that the membership is growing. And I think the membership will continue to grow in 2015. We feel that we're gaining some ground in our platform and capabilities on the service side and being able to meet the needs of our customers is really going to come down to these rates and how the rates are determined in '15 and then subsequently in '16.
Bruce D. Broussard: And I think, just to add to that, it is a price. It's not a utilization issue from a -- the type of patients we're seeing, I think, were in line with the population as a whole. But as Jim is saying, this is going to have a significant impact on Part D pricing next year for a minority of the membership that's using it. And I think it's a public policy issue here on pricing that needs to be addressed because it's only going to get worse as we look at specialty drugs going forward.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think, as we've discussed on many different occasions, we are excited about the ability to service the duals population, and it really aligns with our capabilities as an organization in helping people that are in need of -- in need as they use, heavily use, the health care system. In the TANF, specifically in the TANF population, we are really putting our toes in the water through joint ventures that to date have worked out well, as you can see in our projections that we will be bringing a lot of number of members coming over the next year. And we're still comfortable with that relationship, the relationships that we have, and it seems to be working well for our states, our partners and for us. As we've said in the past, we will continue down that road. If it doesn't look like that, it's working the best, then we would always be open to looking to expand our capabilities in the Medicaid area, specifically in the TANF business. So I think we've been fairly clear, the reason we would do that is to enter and be a leader in the Medicare -- in the duals business. But we would not do it on an individual basis and just to be in the TANF business. And that's what we're working through. And I think today we've been successful at the joint venture model.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes, it very much is. And I think as we articulated in the fourth quarter conference call, the reason why we are excited about entering these new populations, such as duals and, in addition, the individual exchange members, is because it closely aligns with our capabilities around our clinical programs. And I think, in my comments, I mentioned that we have -- that we identified about 8,000 members that are available for some of our clinical programs through our predictive modeling, and we're actually reaching out to them as we speak. But I do want to emphasize that the $100 million to $150 million expansion that we're investing in, in our clinical programs is really a result of our Medicare Advantage membership and the growth in that and being able to both service that membership on an ongoing basis and continuing to prepare for 2015 and the additional membership that we would get in 2015.
Bruce D. Broussard: So, in closing, let me thank you all again for joining us today. We are pleased, obviously, with our first quarter performance; better-than-expected membership growth, both in Medicare Advantage and in our new exchange-based products; increasing ability to help our members with the timely, data-driven clinical interventions and particularly those members with chronic conditions. And it does speak to, and I think a lot of the questions that were coming out about our clinical capabilities, to our goal of having clinical excellence via coordinated care. Finally, I'd like to thank all the Humana associates on the call. Your skill and dedication are what made these results possible. And have a great day to everyone. Thank you.
James E. Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray. Obviously, we grew fairly significantly. So we're going to hire a bunch of clinicians in a lot of the programs that have been beneficial for us. The one program that we talk quite a bit about is in the home-care services, where we put nurses in front of seniors who need our support services to maintain themselves in their home. And that's been a very effective program for the seniors to maintain themselves in their home environment, as well as for us, because what we're doing is deferring or eliminating an ultimate hospitalization or a nursing home space. So that's a big area of focus. Other things we're focused on doing are looking at some remote monitoring kinds of tools and techniques to help us with those kinds of chronic programs. We're also looking at the engagement levels of some of the individuals who participate in our programs. And we're working with the folks in our Centers of Excellence to try to develop ways to get more people to participate. And so we'll spend some money in that regard. Really, again, focused primarily on hiring clinicians in a lot of areas that are around our integrated model and having us focus on root cause as opposed to the ultimate event around a hospitalization or a nursing home business and shifting the way that we think as an organization. And I think that's been paying some dividends. And when we get the opportunity to invest in those kinds of things, we're going to take it.
James E. Murray: No, the Medicare members that we've gotten because of the significant growth that we experienced, we've been doing a lot of evaluations to make sure that nothing negative lurked out. And we've talked in the past about how when a member comes in, in the first year, they're probably a little bit less profitable, so to speak, than some of our existing membership. And they look fairly consistent with what we've seen in the past. They are getting into programs a lot faster than what had, had been happening in the past. So that will allow the beneficial effect of some of what happens in year 2 and 3 to accelerate. But nothing significantly different with the new members that came in here in '14.
James E. Murray: And this is Jim Murray. As just a follow-up on what Steve had to say. For all of our retail businesses, these drugs weren't in our formulary. And then that changed on -- sometime in April. They were included in our Specialty tiers with the prior authorization. But frankly, what we're seeing is that when they go to a third-party appeal program, they're being overturned. And so philosophically, for the remainder of 2014 in most of our retail businesses, we're likely going to have to pay these for the individuals who are put forward by their physicians. When you think about it, we're talking about 1% to 1.5% of our population. And some percentage of those who will ultimately take advantage of the program, and there's varying levels of estimates in terms of how many will ultimately take that. I've seen some schedules that would suggest 20%. So we've tried to estimate what we think will happen in '14 and came out with the numbers that Steve talked about earlier. In addition to the initial regimen now, there's also the possibility that there'll be an additional piece added towards the tail end of the year that will make it more expensive. This is a unit cost problem. And we have to really have folks address that. We're going to put it in our pricing for 2015. And I would expect most of our competitors would do the same. But for '14, there's not a lot that we can do to offset the negative impact of this very expensive drug.
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim. We're estimating that there'll be some churn in this business. That's kind of what we thought that maybe there'll be a lot of folks who go in and out of the program because some might go back into Medicaid. And so that's a part of our estimate. You're right that we're probably going to bump up against 1 million members in this program. And we're estimating that there'll be some level of terminations because of that churn. We're not -- we've never had this kind of business before. So that's clearly an estimate, and we'll see how that ultimately plays out.
James E. Murray: Christine, this is Jim. All of what you're seeing there is the improving fixed costs scale impact. When we did our pricing for '14 long, long, long ago, there were various assumptions about the size of the pool overall and the size of the pool from the underwritten existing insurance business. When troubles began to happen during the course of -- when we had set our original pricing and when we gave you our first set of guidance, 90 days ago, the folks in Wisconsin, who are extremely intelligent, took the opportunity to try to negatively impact what we thought the overall MER position would be, given the reduction in the size of the pool and some of the transitional things that Bruce referenced earlier. We've left that exactly the same for this update. And what we're doing now is evaluating the medical claims that we see on that business to see how that comports with the overall models that the folks in Waukesha have put together, which are very sophisticated. And I can't say enough about those actuaries in Waukesha. And what we're evaluating regularly is how our medical claims bump up against that. And we feel very comfortable with that overall model guidance that was put together by that actuarial team versus our claims experience that we're seeing. We haven't changed our assumptions relative to our expense ratio since 90 days ago to see how that ultimately plays out for the remainder of the year.
James E. Murray: We have the legacy block of business, which represents our old underwritten business and that is, obviously, shrinking as people are moving into the ACA compliant plans. And I would say that we're not seeing a significant deterioration in the overall results. I think there has been a slight worsening in our legacy block of business. And obviously, over time, the legacy block of business, for us and all of our competitors, is going to shrink. And that will make the overall exchange pool a lot better than what exists today. The transitional policy changes that Bruce referenced significantly impacted the overall pool in the exchanges because those underwritten lives are still in the older plans. When they are allowed to move into the new ACA compliant exchange, that's when the risk pool will self-correct itself. So we don't see significant deterioration, but some. And it's going to wind down over the next several years. It would have wound down faster except for the transitional rule. So I don't know if I've answered all of your questions. But those are kind of the factors that we're having to deal with as we estimate a lot of the 3Rs and set our pricing as a lot of what's happening with, not only our legacy business, but also our competitors' legacy business.
James E. Murray: Yes, not significant shrinkage. I think you also talked about small group. We're not seeing a significant deterioration in our membership in Small Group. That seems to be holding fairly nice. We did have a nice growth in the back -- last quarter of 2013, because a lot of our customers chose to renew their policies early. And we -- we're watching to see whether or not there's what we call other group movement out of the smaller plans into the exchanges. And we're not seeing a significant impact from that yet. But we are trying to monitor that.
James E. Murray: That's a piece of it. I would say more, more -- I'll use an example. I don't want to give any of the states that we're doing business in. So let's pretend we're in Montana right now. And let's pretend Montana has a very big Blue -- a big Blue Cross plan that has lots of share and we have very little share. You've all been reading in the papers that a lot of folks are saying that not many new participants are coming into the program, into the exchanges. What's happening is that people who had insurance before are what's populating the exchanges. And so in a Montana, if you've got a big plan there that has a big share, what's happening likely is that plan is getting a bigger proportion of underwritten members into their new ACA compliant exchange pool, while we had a small share. And so our membership that we're going to get, because we're smaller in a Montana, would be more aligned around folks who didn't have coverage before and not as many members who were underwritten. And so that's why, the sophisticated models that I talked about that the people in Waukesha put together, state by state they evaluate that kind of dynamic. And it's really amazing to watch because you have to evaluate the big share carrier in a particular state, what they're likely to do and the implication that, that has on us and we go state by state and we try to evaluate that from a -- not only from a reinsurance, but also risk adjustment and, ultimately, the risk corridor perspective. It's really an incredibly dynamic modeling process. But that's generally how we end up with some element of a receiver position in risk adjustment, is that dynamic that I explained about Montana.
James E. Murray: Well, remember that we got -- I'm going to guess 200,000 or so in the first quarter and we got a big bolus of new members in the second quarter. We'll feel better about the cohort that came in, in the first quarter, although we've studied the heck out of them in terms of their pharmacy costs and their utilization and did a lot of the predictive modeling work that we do for the Medicare population with these -- with this group of folks. And we feel reasonably comfortable with what we've seen so far on that first cohort. We'll study the next cohort over the next several months. So I would -- I'm going to guess that sometime in the next 3 months, maybe 6 months, we'll feel very comfortable about it. I quickly want to add, a lot of what we're doing around our 2015 pricing, which is due right now, is based upon those old assumptions that we talked about. It's not what we're seeing develop with medical claims. And so I think there's a bit of conservatism built into our 2015 pricing because we haven't done anything to adjust our medical expenses for what we're seeing in terms of medical claims.
