James Bloem: There's two principal differences, and again, this is sort of what we talked about on Investor Day, too, so it's a good question. As both Mike and I said, we reset our Medicare margin to 5% every year. And then as Mike pointed out, we use, when we do better than that and the organization works very hard all year to improve on that, and again give better outcomes at lower costs to our members. But as we improve on that, then when we go to next year, we take that and put that back into the benefits and premiums, particularly in light of what's happened in the last couple of years with respect to reimbursements. So that's made us very competitive. And then also, on the idea of the -- just to get to the other part of your question, the Commercial side, as you know, this is the year where the 80% minimum MLR kicks in for small group and individual. So basically, the only real improvement we get to show there comes from the larger groups. So those are the two things that sort of help us, but also, really, you don't really get to start all over again where you left off the prior year.
James Bloem: No, it just had to do with, again, when we do it back in June, again, looking at where we were for 2010, with an economic 10% problem of basically a 5% rate cut and a 5% trend and having the legislation having froze the solid increases, that we priced according to that 5% margin and then we did better. And so now as we get into '11, we've got a competitive price offering. And as the year goes by, we'll continue to look at and report what happens to us vis-a-vis that target 5% operating margin.
James Bloem: Well, I think that the primarily thing -- and again, we appreciate your reference to the risk factor, because it's been out there for a long time and we think that it adequately describes where we are right now. But with respect to the methodology itself, we believe that the methodology is incorrect and flawed and actuarially invalid. So until that situation changes, to me, there would not be a reason to accrue, and Mike made that comment just a few minutes ago. And I think that's the principal reason why it's inappropriate at this time. In addition, CMS put out the notice that we've all referenced, that they're looking at this carefully and they’re understanding better now what the comments are, so we'll wait to see what that is. But in the meantime, we think that the risk factor disclosure that we've made that you've referenced is very important for everybody to understand, and that this is a very important issue for our industry. And so as we move forward, we'll take a look at the facts and circumstances as they develop to decide what we're going to do. And one of the other things that you mentioned that's also important is that this is really a revenue-recognition issue, and not so much a contingent liability. And the accounting rules that govern revenue recognition are different than those that surround contingencies and losses. So anyway, I'll stop here.
James Bloem: If ultimately, and I say ultimately, that these matters were definitively to come out the way the original December 21 notice was, then after the final judgment and after the final consideration by everybody, including the agency and the courts and everybody else, then you might get to that situation. But again, we're going to watch this very carefully as it evolves. Right now, we believe we're appropriate. We've discussed it appropriately in the risk factor, and we've appropriately not accrued anything or reduced revenue for 2011 for this.
James Bloem: Yes, I believe that would be the appropriate thing because then again we would have all of the redressed avenues that we have for the incorrect methodology that Mike just mentioned.
James Bloem: Sarah, you pretty well, I think, accurately recapped what it is. You can see that the other revenues' guidance went up by $850 million, and these expenses probably by $825 million. And that $25 million to $27 million difference is the $0.10 EPS that the accretion is based on. When we look at 2011, we were going to have integration expenses. We're looking at different ways, as Mike said, to take what Concentra does and move it from our commercial populations and toward our Medicare and our Humana membership. And so those will be the expenses that sort of weigh down '11 with respect to Concentra. But we're very optimistic over time that this type of business fits both strategically and financially.
James Bloem: That's difficult to tell with this AEP enrollment gain. What we'll be able to do better is, as the rest of the year plays itself out, we'll see how the age-ins are, as a percentage to the earlier question that was asked. We can't tell whether or not an individual who's joined us at this time was with a plan prior.
James Bloem: Well, as you've pointed out, we try to divide this into two things, and that's what the slide is trying to get at. What's the core rate, what's the SG&A ratio on the core expenses? And again, we're transforming the company, so we're not only getting more cost competitive, but we're using some of those savings to reinvest in the other things we need for our corporate strategy. So those are the two things we're always looking at. So it makes it hard, kind of, to look at it from the standpoint of what’s it going to be in 2012. I think if you look at the blue bar on those slides, the dark blue portion, you can see that the trend is clearly down. And that's really what we’re about. Now we need to reinvest, we need to get to it, to do the strategy that we talked about. We need to do that reinvesting. As far as Concentra is concerned, we just have acquired that, and we're looking to see all the different things that can be done with that. There will be some investment in there. The investments that we’re going to make in 2011 that cause that sort of $225 million comes from the fact, as was mentioned before, all the Concentra expenses are in there, and we have to do the integration. We really have to bring the two organizations closer together and figure out how we can really get the synergies that we think are available to us through Concentra.
James Bloem: Again, I think you have the basic thing because, as Jim mentioned, we've done it year-over-year. We start with five and then we work very hard as an organization to improve, and we've been successful in doing that the last few years. But we still end up with having to start all over again. Now what else is to do then, as Mike and as we've said on Investor Day, and really all through the last three or four years, the 15 percent Solution is the reason that enabled us –- that’s one of the primary reasons that enables us to do that, because we continued to deliver better outcomes at lower costs to those who are the most productly ill and have the greatest morbidities among our memberships. So that's the primary reason that we're able to go. When we get to this time of year, as Jim mentioned earlier, too, with only six weeks gone in the year, it's hard to really say, "Well now, it's time to raise that up." We wait until we see that, and then we say, "This is where we are, and this is the pattern that we've done every year."
James Bloem: The government has come back to us and negotiated two six-month extensions. We wish we knew more about when they're going to make their final decision. The folks in the TRICARE organization tell me that the government could take as long as up to May before there's an issue with the terms of the timing. We're hopeful that smarter heads prevail and we are successfully put back into the program. But time will tell, and I can't tell you much more than that. It's frustrating, but that's all we know.
James Bloem: No, we didn’t say that. We didn't have any significant group sales, we were reported. We're not expecting things to come out of our CIGNA relationship probably until next year.
James Bloem: Again, I think what we've looked at is, the large group piece, because remember we have the 80% in our small group and our individual, and those are a large part. And we've also signaled that in the large group piece, there's a smaller number of members. As we approached the 80%, and so we've ticked up by 50 basis points, as you point out from when we did it last time. So again, it's all a matter of the mix. We want to tell you that we've given some weight to the low trend we had last year, and how it's going to affect this year. But again, that basically follows mostly to the large group. And that's why it's a $0.10 piece.
James Bloem: Generally, we'd give a very strong indication of that in our second quarter call, which should be in August. And that would be after we've visited all of the states, extracted dividends in conjunction with consultations with them and also visited the credit rating agencies. I would say this qualitatively, we had an excellent year this year, as we've talked about all morning. And so we would expect the dividends to be higher than the $750 million we took last year.
James Bloem: Again, you are looking at it apples-to-apples. And again, the 50 basis points, again, looks that as we crossed over the threshold from November 18, went over year-end, we now have all our budgets in place. That's where the 50 basis points is.
James Bloem: I can just talk about my broad feelings as respect to any kind of what's referred to as an overpayment. When a lot of folks were here for Investor Day, we shared with you a slide that demonstrated that trends, as they restate over time, typically run in the 4% to 7% range. So I'll use 5%. And as many of you know, over the last two or so years, we've gotten either a flat or a negative trend estimate. And so if it were me, I would say that those were reductions from the theoretical overpayment, and then when you layer in the doc-fix, which I've been told is valued somewhere around 4%, when you put all those pieces together, I would proffer, but this is me, that we are nowhere near being overpaid the amount that we're hearing that there's an overpayment out there. And so over time, it's our strong belief that as trends restate to their proper levels, that, that will self-correct itself as time goes on, and that it's been very good management for us to get through the last several years, not getting the trend increases that were appropriate. And so I think we're really close to the 100% of Medicare Fee-for-Service that is designed by the health care reform.
Michael McCallister: I think this is one month into the year and as we see claim payments and other clinical measures support what we saw in the fourth quarter, then we would obviously anticipate it and record it at that time. But we're going to wait until we see the favorable claim payments play themselves out a little bit further into 2011.
Michael McCallister: Well, we've seen a couple of write-ups by folks on the phone that would suggest that the range is somewhere between a negative two and a positive 1.5. And as we look through those documents, I can't find anything that I would take umbrage with. I think that, that would probably be a reasonable guesstimate as to where that will turn out.
Michael McCallister: I don't know how you could, frankly. I think we're far from understanding where this methodology is going to come out. And CMS' note last week confirms the fact that it's a work underway. So until we know specifics of how it's going to work, it's not appropriate to be setting aside reserves.
Michael McCallister: Let me just add to that, John. We've talked about this, and I'm not sure how much credibility you all give it, but this idea of getting better value for money and better clinical results is actually a very big deal on all this because you've heard me say for the last decade what a mess the traditional Medicare program is and how uncoordinated it is and what an opportunity there is to clean all that up, get better treatment for people, get it better organized and get better costs, that's what keeps us really in a nice position. This is not just a pure insurance sort of model here. This is all about health care, clinical organization and clinical integration in improving productivity. And across every metric we measure relative to our membership, from the sickest to the walking healthy, things are continuing to get better. And that's really what props up everything here.
Michael McCallister: Let me just say this one more time. The proposed methodology they have out there is absolutely actuarially wrong. It is incorrect, and therefore, we're not sitting around here ringing our hands at this point because at the end of the day, we think we end up in a different place.
Michael McCallister: I think the other thing to remember is, until recently, there really were not really any national players in this business, so there were huge slots in the United States that had no Medicare Advantage even being offered. So we've got two things going on. People are seeing these products for the first time, as you know, and others are expanding across the country. And then they're having to deal with their experience or lack thereof with network plans and that sort of thing. So whatever the data would tell you today, I'm not sure it says much about the future. I think these plans are going to continue to grow because they do have a very high value proposition.
Michael McCallister: And all of Concentra's expenses are included in administrative costs, including the physician salaries.
Michael McCallister: This is Mike. Charles, the goal is pretty straightforward, it's five stars everywhere. Having said that, we have a lot of different product designs, and some are more tightly managed than others. And so we're always going to have varying degrees of performance against this. I think the clinical, you may think counterintuitive, but I think the clinical side may be easier to handle than the other side because the clinical is going to be something we're going to have data on and understand exactly what's happening with these people and an ability through messaging and other techniques to get better quality and hit those stars. The service side to me, frankly, I think they'll eliminate those stars anyway. I think a lot of that stuff is not really powerful in terms of measuring how well this program works. But they are what they are for the time being until changed. We will work to make those better as well. But to the extent you're dependent upon downstream providers for customer service kind of implications, that gets a little trickier. So I think varying performance all over the country, it will depend on the type of structure of the plan. It will depend on the concentration of membership we have. And so we have a lot of moving parts. But you'll see us progressively improve across the entire book of business we have over time. And I think we're going to have our fair share of very highly rated plans overtime.
Michael McCallister: Again, I think the clinical side, we can probably measure and be a little more predictable around. We're not talking a six- or seven-year journey here. There are people who realize they need to be on this. We need to figure out to improve these scores, and we'll move as quick as we can.
Michael McCallister: All those things. I mean, we're looking for providers that are interested in working closely, being driven by metrics. Some will want to take some risk-sharing, some will not. It's not critical, they go either way. But the more tightly integrated you have and if they have any kind of risk-sharing relationship with us, they tend to be much more focused on the quality of health care, as well as things like service metrics and those sort of things. So as far as we can move down the path as fast as we can, with any provider that's interested in doing better, seeking better value for money, providing high level of service and participating in the improved payment methodology, the results of all that, we're ready. So we're looking nationwide as we speak right now, and there's a lot of interest out there.
Michael McCallister: I would add that trying to figure out SG&A is going to be a little difficult for you all overtime as our business mix continues shift, and things like Concentra is a good example. But what we know internally here is that admin has to be very, very low in this new MLR world we're going to live in across all these products. So higher productivity internal is what we're focused on, and to the extent the mix changes some, it may be harder for you to see on a consolidated basis. But we are all over the idea that scale matters, our key investments have to be smart and our SG&A internally on our core businesses, has to be very low.
Michael McCallister: There's a number of possibilities. I'll go back to what we said when we bought Concentra. This was about acquiring a platform with good management and a basic position capability to locate offices, staff them, build metrics about performance, hire and recruit and retain and that sort of thing. So you can take our company, you can start looking at all sorts of spots where the ability to do that will be meaningful, but it's important to know that it’s going to vary dramatically by location. In some cases, we may only have a few of these. In some cases, they may be concentrated. In some cases, they may be the core of an insurance product. In some cases, they may strictly be a relationship with employers across wellness and well-being and this sort of thing, work site clinics. So we look at the company from a number of perspectives, and we think strategically, it fits into a lot of little corners of what we do. We like the idea of having them be the key component in our Medicare strategy long term because the primary care piece is critical in Medicare. And I think we’ve got a situation here where we have the capability to really have a tool that can be used in a lot of different ways. So it's not a simplistic view of it. In the meantime, it's a well-run company that's contributing to our EPS.
Michael McCallister: Let me add to that. We're heading to an 85% MLR world in Medicare. And when you're there, the way you win and the way you grow and the way you have better value for people in the program is through cost management and low admin. And you plow up your margin above five back into those things every year, and this is going to be a top line growth story for a very long time for Humana. And I think the winners are going to be those who get better value for money and turn right around and give it back, and we're positioned pretty well in an 85% MLR world. We don't have to go much further than where we are right now to be there.
Michael McCallister: The math is simple. We ran something just north of six and we move it back to five, and as I said from the beginning, we have no intention of running five in 2011, but that's the math as we sit here, and so we're working very hard today with everything I've talked about from a clinical perspective to get better value, more productivity and whatever that works out for '11, so be it, we'll plow that back in '12 and grow the top line again.
Michael McCallister: This is Mike McCallister. On the foundation, we try every year to put something in there as part of our overall social responsibility agenda. In five of the last 10 years, we didn't put anything in. In the other five, we put something in. So what you're looking at is a bit of a catch-up overtime, and we think it's a key component of what we do as a company, and we want to be good assistance everywhere we do business. And we do that both directly from the company as well as through the foundation. So you're seeing a number that's a bit of a catch-up over basically a decade.
Michael McCallister: I think that it's included in there in that range that Jim mentioned from minus two to plus two. It's one of those myriad of factors that really kind of goes into what they believe the trend piece is. But again, I think it's a relatively small piece of that. But again, we'll wait and see when it comes out in terms of what the final is. We want to make sure that we're talking about the preliminary rate booked here. And as every year, we have our own bid ask as to what's going to be in there. But again, we still have the days afterwards to think about it and to comment on it. And then when it becomes final in April, than we go to work. So it’s still a long ways away in terms of whatever these numbers turn out to be.
Michael McCallister: Okay, let me just close. Thanks for joining us this morning. We had a good quarter, and we're pretty excited about where we are for 2011, especially relative to our Medicare results on AEP. So we're positioned well, we're happy with that. I want to thank the Humana associates who are in the call for making this all possible. And with that, we'll say goodbye.
James Murray: Sure, this is Jim Murray. Just a few points. We sold a total of about 500,000 gross sales which includes plan-to-plan changes, so our market point organization, led by Patrick O'Toole, did an incredible job in a short period of time, where you just strip out the plan-to-plan changes of around 200,000, you would come up with net sales of around 290,000 which was an incredibly good result against what we thought was going to be around 270,000. So we exceeded our sales targets by around 20,000. In addition to the sales results, we also enjoyed some good retention. We had terminations of around 163,000 net against the target of around 210,000. So about 50,000 or 47,000 favorable retention against our goals. Some of that came from what we referred to as true terminations and some against the better job we did on selling members that we reported to you prior that were in exit, Private Fee-for-Service exit space. We did a much better job of selling those folks. The other thing that I would point out is that, that 200,000 plan-to-plan sales that we made, 80,000 were in the 115,000 that we reported to you that we would have to resell which was a really good result. And in addition to that, about 120,000 were from convergence into network-based options, further demonstrating the point that we've been talking about for a long time, that people are more willing to buy network plans than had been thought of in the past. So we feel very, very good about what's happened in this AEP and we look forward to 2011.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray again. Included in the 1.5 to negative two that we talked about earlier, there were some guesstimates as to what the implications would be for the health reform phase-in. And so if you use that as a starting point, and I'm just going to talk from 100,000 feet, let's pretend the range is a negative two to a positive two, so that's the money we would receive from the government, what's not included is our MRA work that we do and we talk about with you regularly. Some of the reports that we've read anticipate that there's a negative two in that range that I talked about earlier related to risk factor changes. So if you assume that our MRA work offsets that, which we've said for a long time that that's a zero-sum game, so minus two to a positive two, then you would add 2 percentage points for MRA. And then we talked with you for a long time about the 15 percent Solution, so let's identify or estimate that anywhere from a 2% to a 4% improvement because of what we call trend vendors that goes to support that 15 percent Solution. And then against all of that, you have to step back and think about what trend really is. We believe, and we've told you for a long period of time, that we think trend is anywhere from 4% to 5% year-after-year. So if you take all of those ranges that I've given you, you come up to about a negative two to a positive three. And we feel very good about our ability to manage within that kind of an environment, to continue to provide an economic benefit to the members that we serve and feel very good about our prospects for our 2012 bid season.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. I believe that we've done analysis in the past, but I have to go and dust that off that would suggest that when people do turn age 65 here lately, they are at a bigger percentage than the current market shares that we're seeing, and that's because people are more used to a network-based PPO kind of an option, which is what we're providing them. And we're seeing an increase in share as time goes on.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray again. We're currently sitting at around a net 130,000 member increase. And I think we've guided to the midpoint being around 100,000. And we're being prudent. We've looked at some of the members that have stuck with us. They didn't term, and we've looked at some of the premiums that those folks have been delivered. We talked earlier that generally speaking, our premiums that we've delivered across the entire block stayed about the same, and that's one of the reasons why we were successful in this open enrollment period. But certain parts of the United States, certain geographies, did get some premium increases. So we're prudently looking at those geographies and stepping back and wondering whether or not those folks are going to be able to pay those premiums. And as time goes on and we see whether or not they are able to pay those premium increases, that 100,000 could move closer to the 130,000, but time will tell.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray again. The 30,000 that we referenced earlier was our stepping back, looking at what happened during the AEP and the pockets of members that stuck with us and the premium levels that we delivered to them and us stepping back and saying, "Is it likely for these folks to continue to pay these premiums and what would prudence tell you in terms of establishing a target?" And that delta was the 30,000 that we've come up with to the extent that as we go throughout the course of the year, those folks are paying the premiums that were a part of their planned benefits for 2011. If possible that, that 100,000 midpoint would go closer to the 130,000. For the remainder of this year, except for that, we would hope that our age-in opportunities would offset the terminations that occur as folks die and choose to leave the program. So we would think, other than that 30,000, that we would be generally flat for the remainder of the year and. And as I've said in my earlier remarks, we were very, very pleased with our persistency that we saw during the AEP. We did a lot of work to message folks in terms of those that were getting premium increases, any kind of benefit changes, messaging them about the possibility that we wanted to move them from a Private Fee-for-Service offering to a network-based option. Lots of connections, lots of relationships and we were pleased with how we ended up in terms of keeping significantly more members than we had anticipated.
James Murray: We haven't connected the dots exactly, but I will tell you the opportunity to be in 3,000 Wal-Mart locations throughout the United States and having an opportunity to talk with seniors in terms of their needs and talk to them about not only the Wal-Mart Plan but also whether or not there's other kinds of products that would better suit their needs likely contributed nicely to the improved enrollment that we experienced. There's probably a really direct correlation to that, and we really enjoy the relationship that we developed with Wal-Mart. We look to do more with them in the future.
James Murray: Not only on how the Prescription Drug Plan work, but there are a lot of other good ideas that they and us are developing as a partnership.
James Murray: Your Wal-Mart question, there was some amount of continuing cost related to telesales operation and advertising programs that we thought would be similar year-over-year. The amount that Jim highlighted in his remarks is totally related to the incremental costs that we don't think will return next year.
James Murray: This Jim Murray. I expected this question. We’ve looked at risk scores and they're very good. We've looked at scripts PMPM [per member per month], they look good. We've looked at generic dispensing rate, it looks good. We've looked at member risk share, we had that problem a couple of years ago that I won’t ever bring up again on member risk share, that looks good. Mail utilization, that's one of the reasons why we wanted to do this program, RightSource and the mail, that we could do as a result of this program, that looks strong and the allowed costs look very good. So we're very, very pleased with the way the Wal-Mart Plan looks in its first six weeks.
James Murray: This Jim Murray. It's very early in the year. So it's very difficult to make any predictions based upon the claim payments that we've seen, nothing significantly favorable or significantly negative.
James Murray: I can answer the second question, I'm not sure what the second question was specifically. The year phase-in is two years is 34%, four years is 39%, and six years is 27%. I need help with some acronyms and specifically what you're asking with your second question.
