Michael McCallister: Josh, I'll start by again setting the context. I mean we've always said we're targeting a 5% overall, and we did that again in the bid process. And the only question is, is where were we in terms of these trends. And there's no question that costs are soft enough this year, but we don't make any long-term assumptions off of relatively short-term data. So I think we did what we normally do, we bid based on what we knew at the time and put a 5% target for our overall business in place.
Michael McCallister: The only way that can work, but even the 5%, as you know, we always continue to work on that. I mean, I target my bids at 5%. I always want to run better if I can because it means I'm further getting further down the path of solving my 15% problem. So again, the 5% is a target, we bid it that way, we try always to improve it, we reset it and what you're describing, which is happening to some extent here, we get a little bit better news. It's something we can't do much about it, the bids are already in.
Michael McCallister: I'm actually anxious to see where the rest of the industry comes out on this because I know in Washington there's a fair amount of fear that premiums are going to shoot up or benefits are going to go down or some combination of both as a result of no premium increase, given what we noted the trend to be. So it will be interesting to see what happens for the industry word. I think we're in a little different spot because we've been working at this a little bit longer and we're starting to see some good traction around some of our medical management work.
Michael McCallister: Justin, we've been talking about this for a long time, we've been working at it for a long time. I mentioned in my comments that we have been receiving obviously payments above old Medicare. We've done two things with those: we improved the benefits for the seniors just on pure a benefit design perspective; but we've also been investing in taking what we can of what we know about managing and organizing and coordinating healthcare and trying to take it to those looser models, which are the PPOs and the Private Fee-for-Service. So we've been expanding that across the country, we've been growing those capabilities, we've been adding people, technology and platforms and everything we can do to take best-known methods over to those more loosely operated plans, and we're seeing some decent traction. That is why we have some work to do over the next few years there. We have some work to do to get those type of plans as productive as we can possibly get them in terms of medical spend, and that's where the focus is. So are we optimistic that we can take good management across all these products? Yes. The most effective organizational structure is a well-run HMO. That's a fact, but HMOs are not attractive to everyone. They're new ideas as you take them through much of the Midwest and parts of the Western part of the U.S. So we have to take a product that people are interested in, in the short term as they get comfortable with being in the private sector. And so I would characterize the whole thing as it's going well. We have a lot of upside still. It's one of the reasons we have a fair amount of confidence over ultimately meeting the targets that are necessary for Medicare Advantage as a long-term big footprint.
Michael McCallister: Justin, I would also remind you that if you look at the bill in terms of how the payments ultimately come down, there is a little bit of breathing room in some of these more rural areas because the rates don't drop as far, giving us a little more premium, we're going to have a little more time, to go into those areas where it is harder to introduce an HMO.
Michael McCallister: John, let me add to that. We've talked about it for years that Medicare is not real cyclical in nature. Occasionally you can get a flu season or something that'll change things a little bit, but generally it's relatively stable. If you look at the economics and the structure that sits with these folks that are in Medicare, that actually makes a lot of sense because they don't have the same economic impact from changes in the economy and this sort of thing. So if, again, it looks like that is holding to be true again. Medicare is a more stable business. It can be event driven as we saw last year, but when it comes down to cyclical in nature it doesn't seem to have much of it.
Michael McCallister: As we talked I think last quarter, there's about 25,000 members that we are not going to be able to have a network-based solution for, and we're going to proactively go out to those folks and talk to them about our Medicare supplement products. But generally speaking, all the rest of our members have a network option that we can talk with them about be it a network Private Fee-for-Service or a local PPO, regional PPO. So we feel very good about our transitioning from the Private Fee-for-Service to the network options that has been a large part of our strategy for years and years and years.
Michael McCallister: They would have to change their historic pattern around transition periods because historically, they've dealt with a 10-month period. So obviously, we're already into that. So it's possible they can do it whatever they want relative to transitions, but if they stick to the past practices, they'll have to extend it.
Michael McCallister: Well, I read that comment. Actually, I've been surprised over the last 15 years, frankly, that we haven't had more people get serious about entering the Medicare market because, you've heard me, I talk about this 100x. It's a tremendous opportunity because of the incredible waste and abuse and nonsense that goes on in the Medicare program. The traditional Medicare program is a mess, and so it represents a huge opportunity to drive productivity, organization and all that, which makes the economics work, and that's been Humana's position for a long time. It stays that way. So do I expect others to try to get into this market and do well? Yes, of course and I think the answer's going to be is it possible? It's difficult to do. It's taken us a long time. We've been at it for 25 years to build out the level of understanding, data systems, infrastructure, the knowledge of the individual retail sale. I mean, all those things require some learnings, and you can't go buy them off the shelf anywhere in the marketplace. And so do I expect more competition? You bet, and are we concerned about it? Not really. I think we're going to enter a period over the next, short period, next two or three years, where we're going to have people leaving the market. And Jim talked about it earlier in, this next year around we're going to be dealing with hundreds of thousands of people that are in Private Fee-for-Service where we know that the companies are going to put them back in the marketplace, and so it's always a work in progress. There's always something happening. We've been successfully competing in this space against others for a very long time. So I don't know anything's going to change. I like us.
Michael McCallister: Well, we always have rumors that you probably have from the marketplace, and we try to keep our ear to the ground. But we won't know specifically what anybody's done until the cards are all turned over later in the year.
Michael McCallister: It's harder because of what I said earlier, it's not as well organized, it's not as tightly managed. And so we think we can make good progress there, and I think we've got an awful lot of resources and commitment and investment going into that particular thing right now. Some of it is capturing data. What we know about this sort of thing throughout all of our space is that the data assets can always be better, and there's an awful lot of information that resides in position practices and elsewhere that we're not aware of that would reflect actually better performance. So we'll work really hard to learn what we can about what they are doing with patients. We will apply our clinical activities to improving those results, and at the end of the day, I think we will do fine in the PPO but it is harder. It's a bigger lift that it is in an HMO, that's for sure.
Michael McCallister: If you go through all those measurements for those star ratings, you would find very quickly that they were never designed for this particular purpose, and there's some things in there that although they're really interesting and probably nice things to measure, you would never use those to drive payment rates in a program like this because a bunch of them are not really healthcare quality type of things. They're much more consumer experience stuff, which is interesting, and we all work hard on that stuff. But that's not what this policy should be driving, but for the moment, it is what it is and we'll see if it changes.
Michael McCallister: Well, thanks for joining us this morning. I want to thank the Humana associates that are on this call for the great work they've done to bring us to where we are this year. We are optimistic about the remainder of 2010. We're anxious to enter the Medicare selling season later this year, and we're pretty optimistic about what our future looks like there as well. So thanks for joining us. See you next quarter.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. Mike went into a lot of detail around the 15 percent Solution, and also talked a little bit about the trend environment that we were beginning to see as we did our bids. And so I would suggest that next year's not only benefit designed but also the premiums will be very positively received by the senior members that we currently have or that we hope to acquire next year. I think that one of the things that we had is a going in desire was to reduce member angst or disruption, and we feel very, very pleased with the way we were able to accomplish that in the bid process.
James Murray: This is Jim Murray. On the commercial block, we've looked at the benefit changes that were mandated, and for our small group and large group, we don't think it will have a significant impact. The line of business that it does impact primarily is our Individual or HumanaOne block of business. I've heard or read about ranges that have been thrown out there of 2% to 4%, and I would suggest that the impact that we're seeing would be on the higher end of those ranges that I've read about. But we feel very comfortable with our ability to absorb that cost increase, given where we're running on a MER basis and the 80% target that's in place for 2011.
James Murray: The chart that was included in Mike's slide deck included obviously the HMO, the PPO and the Private Fee-for-Service, and I would suggest that the PPO is performing better than the Private Fee-for-Service and not as well as the HMO. But we're well on our way towards the 15 percent Solution in all of the lines of business, and as you know, the Private Fee-for-Service ultimately goes away and becomes a network-based plan over the course of the next several years. But we're making very good progress on the not only regional but also local PPOs.
James Murray: What we've done this morning is basically if you look in the comparison with the second quarter of last year, you can see that in absolute dollars spent, we only spent $10 million more in the quarter than we did last year. That's 1%, and we had a 9% increase in our revenues this time. So we're getting real operating leverage, and then what that translated into is if you look in the SG&A ratio guidance and you look at the things that we called out special, the spending and the other things, you'll see that we actually are taking that ratio down by 10 basis points for the year. So we think that we're ahead of schedule. If look at our employment levels, all the commitments we made at the beginning of the year are making very good progress on the $100 million we expect to save this year and the $200 million run rate.
James Murray: This Jim Murray. As we looked around some of our competition and what might likely happen with some of the Private Fee-for-Service membership that they currently hold, we saw a tremendous opportunity to make our name more well known to those 500,000 to 600,000 Private Fee-for-Service members that with our competitors now. And there's other products that we would like to introduce this 2011 that we want to get some media recognition for that came together very nicely as we were doing our bid process, and so that's why we didn't talk about them he last time. So we're very, as Mike said earlier, very focused on growing our Medicare business, and we think that the spend that we're talking about here, some of which is probably ongoing and it has been for the last several years but because of some of the wonderful opportunity that we see out there for 2011, probably some of it is, as you described, onetime in nature.
James Murray: This Jim Murray again. We are seeing a slowdown in the utilization across all the books. However, I would suggest that where in last year we saw a pretty big acceleration in cost in our Commercial lines of business and not so much in the Medicare, the impact of the favorable is not as strong in the Medicare as it is in the commercial. This year it just seems like folks who are in the commercial environment, who get their coverage either by paying for it themselves or through their company, it appears like that utilization is more impactful this year than I would say that the Medicare business has been. We've tried to evaluate all of the things that might have caused that. I think Jim was very clear in all of the things that we've looked at. We looked at last year's economy versus what might be impacting things this year. Obviously, some of you have proposed that there is a high deductible health plan impact that's going on and there's probably some of that, the light flu season is contributing. And then naïvely we would like to take some credit for the good work that we do here, not only in the Medicare space, but also in the Commercial space in terms of our care coordination activities. So there's a lot of things that come together, we think, to create what we're seeing this year.
James Murray: Of our 400 and I think 30,000 or so Private-Fee-for-Service members, we think that about, as I said earlier, 20,000 of those are not going to have a network-based option. I believe another 65,000 of those folks have a network solution, a local PPO that we will have to sell them into, and then the rest will have a network-based Private Fee-for-Service that the transition is very smooth.
James Murray: This Jim Murray. As I understand it, the run out will be sufficiently long enough that as we've talked an incurred basis development of the MER and the rebate calculation. So there'll be a lot of time for those claims to ultimately resolve themselves and get paid. So I wouldn't anticipate that there'd be a problem with the implementation of this too early only to find out that prior-period development impacted it one way or another. So I think the way it's being structured will eliminate be the impact of that.
James Murray: I think the whole calculation methodology is still in process, but as to that specific element, I would be surprised to see that anything would get changed in that regard.
James Murray: That $0.14 really isn't related to that particular question. That $0.14 is what's going to happen for the remainder of this year to move to next year. Coming back to your earlier question, we believe that each year stands on its own with respect to the claims runoff.
James Murray: Sure. This is Jim Murray again. As it respects to the commissions, we have a long standing, positive relationship with the brokers that are a part of our distribution channel. Some of our competitors have come out and said that they're likely to change their commission levels starting in January, and we're likely to come out with something here shortly that would suggest that as well. One of the other teams that we have that's working on the healthcare reform is evaluating what we think the commission levels need to be going forward to make primarily the HumanaOne or individual book of business the model around that a lot more economically profitable for us as the company. Lots of evaluations being done. We've got some outside help in trying to figure out what might ultimately happen. One of the advantages that we have that others might have is that we have a significant array of different products that we can try to think through in terms of the brokers relationships with us as an organization. We've got Medicare products, we've got medical products, we've got all of the supplemental and Specialty products that we've talked about in the past; and we're rethinking our commission structures relative to all those lines of business and seeing whether or not we can, to the extent we have to lower permissions on the medical HumanaOne, perhaps we can do something differently in the others, and all those things are being discussed and evaluated. I will tell you that with our HumanaOne business, with a minimum medical expense ratio of 80% that we feel comfortable that we can change our administrative cost structure to get to a point where we're breaking even or producing a nice medical or a small medical margin, and that's why we've talked a lot in the past about cross buying and all those other lines of business that we would include with our medical relationships with those individuals. So we feel very comfortable over the next several years that our profitability in the HumanaOne space can be solid, and as Mike said on his call, we're looking forward to the $40 million or so eligibles that would participate in that marketplace. I've talked so much right now that I forgot your second question.
James Murray: Well your question basically highlights a couple of things. One is there are an awful lot of variables that go into the determination of whether or not there was a DAC impairment, and then now what those individual incremental policy reserves will be. We don't get into what each of those are, but you've named a couple of them. A couple more would be the mandated benefits, as I mentioned in my remarks, the minimum MER, the fact that there's going to be rate reviews on how much rates are going to be allowed. So those are the types of things. No one of those things, if you knew one of them, you'd still be at a loss to figure out the whole thing because of the fact that there are so many of those that actuarially go into the determination of what the policy reserves will be and whether or not there's been a DAC impairment.
James Bloem: No, we're not. I mean, what we said this year was we've gotten new members, and those members we're looking at somewhat of a durational affect. But remember I said also, we spent a lot of time with our new members getting them enrolled, getting them introduced to our clinical integration, our outreach programs. We think on the Medicare side that's been very helpful.
James Bloem: Yes, not as much, and again, that sort of goes to Mike's comment that Medicare year in/year out sort of is much more constant.
James Bloem: Basically, we're just around 400% of RBC. We have about $3.8 billion of total surplus, and the requirement is about $1.9 billion to $2 billion.
James Bloem: One of the things that Mike referenced was a lot of the work that we're doing here at Humana around this whole initiative, we've got hundreds of folks that are working on this, one of the things that we are evaluating is how do we want to handle our pricing relative to the 80% and minimum MER in the HumanaOne or small group market. I will tell you that as we speak today and what we've seen over the last six months of 2010, is that the pricing environment seems as rational as I've seen it in a long time. I haven't seen anybody trying to accumulate membership. We've been watching for that very closely. It just seems like people are passing their trends along in the form of the premiums that they've come up with. We haven't seen any dramatic change or anybody trying to do anything to strategize around healthcare reform, and so that's something that we're watching extremely closely. It's something that we talk about every Monday when we have our healthcare reform update meeting, but I haven't seen a significant change in the marketplace.
James Bloem: The only thing that I would add to what Mike said is that we're working with the regulators to try to refine some of what they're doing around the quality initiatives. If we had to dream some of the ways that they measure and what they measure would be changed to focus more on quality and outcome, and so that good work is continuing.
