James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. Yes, we've set targets. I think that the target that we had shared with a lot of you in the November Investor Day here in Humana detailed a lot of those. I don't have those in front of me that -- but if you reference those materials, you can see those. And philosophically, what we're attempting to try to do on a market-by-market basis is have a conversation with our members about the additional benefits and lower premiums that they can enjoy with the HMO products. As you know, the HMO products are more like the integrated care delivery model that Bruce detailed in his remarks. And that's where we can create a lot of economic benefits for the members that we serve, and also, the satisfaction measures and experience for the members is enhanced with that model. And so the conversations that our market point selling representatives have with the individual members goes through a lot of that discussion with them.
James E. Murray: This is Jim again. Obviously, there's a lot of things that have to go into the pot to try to figure all that out. It's our intention to recover the industry fee in either lower benefits or higher premiums. But as you know, what has to happen with the funding with the government is something we'll learn in the next couple of weeks, where our competition is, what we are able to do with the 15 Percent Solution that you're all familiar with, secular trends, risk revenue and some of the good work we're doing around the in-home assessments and the whole integrated care delivery model progression that we're detailing here. So there's a lot of things that we study market-by-market, but it's our intent to recover that fee, both on a pretax and in those cases where we can on an after-tax basis.
James E. Murray: There's a lot of things that we read about. Many of you have different opinions about what ultimately will happen. We have our own ideas about some of the variables that go into that funding rate that we look for. When we step back, we look at it, we're sensing something that is flattish to slightly down. And that's an environment that we've demonstrated in the past that we can live with. But again, that's a lot of studying, a lot of by-market evaluations on all of the things that I just talked through here a moment ago, and lots of work to do in and around the February through April time frames. But again, based upon what we're sensing, we feel comfortable that we'll be able to come out with a set of products, benefits and premiums that will be very attractive to the members that we serve.
James E. Murray: Yes. Relative to our prior guidance, it's the flu. There's also some additional quality measures we're doing around our drug programs that we've identified some additional costs related to that and also the in-home assessments and them included in that benefit ratio calculation, a very -- a part of that increase.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. The -- I'm extremely proud of what we've done in the last -- in a couple of quarters around the second quarter initiative. We identified a couple of problems that were -- existed in our Medicare Advantage individual business, and Bruce detailed a lot of the good work that we did in that regard. And as you saw in the third quarter and now again in the fourth quarter, we began to produce improvements around our medical cost trends in the Retail Segment. That run rate of improvement is something that detail -- that Jim Bloem detailed in his remarks earlier. Again, I feel very good about a lot of the good work that we did, and we'll see how that all plays out. It's really early here to claim any improvement in our guidance for 2013. And again, we'll see whether or not some of this good work has beneficial effects going into 2013, and we can talk through that probably in the first and second quarter.
James E. Murray: And I continue to have a strong view. I'll feel even stronger after we go through our bid evaluation process in February through April. But again, we're doing a lot of really good things to control our medical trends around the 15 Percent Solution and the integrated care delivery model. I felt very good at Investor Day about our ability to continue to grow and make additional profits, and nothing has changed from that point in time. In fact, as I look at some stuff, I feel even better.
James E. Murray: Yes. The -- a lot of the things that we detailed at the time of the second quarter were programs to identify folks a lot more rapidly than we had in the past. We talked about the fact that, generally, it could have taken up to 6 months or 9 months to identify folks for chronic programs. So we're reaching out more rapidly than we had in the past to have folks do HRAs. We've implemented some predictive models based upon early claim information that we're seeing to identify those folks that we need to make outreaches to. Bruce talked through the additional market based and chronic nurses that are a part of our programs. I think we more than doubled the number of nurses that are a part of our acute programs, as well as chronic programs. As we always do, we evaluated the risk scores year-over-year. We've studied January claim payments and identified the amount that was related to the flu by the codes that we see related to that. We pulled that out and then we studied our utilization statistics, and they seem to be pretty much in line. And then importantly, and we talked about this last year, we changed our targeted MERs for new members. You'll recall that we said last year that our target had actually got a little bit more aggressive. We actually reduced that target MER for this year, somewhere, on a market-by-market basis, anywhere from 200 to 400 basis points. And so that will have a beneficial effect on these new members that we got this year in the AEP. So all in all, we feel very good about what we've done to address the new member issue, and we're not seeing any evidence that we've got a concern there.
James E. Murray: The -- I'm sorry, the 60,000 assessments that we did will have a beneficial effect on the MRA revenues that we get in 2013 and also will positively impact the timeliness of getting people into programs. Some of that beneficial effect began at the tail end of '12, but it will play (sic) [pay] more dividends in 2013. That 60,000 is probably going to be significantly increased in 2013, because we're seeing that the in-home assessments is extremely beneficial for us from a P&L standpoint, both identifying people for programs, as well as enhancing risk revenue.
James E. Murray: This is Jim. One of the things that we attempt to do is we have integration continuum, if you will, and one of the first steps is incentivizing providers for a lot of the quality measures that the government evaluates us on. So we'll pay folks for higher preventative screenings and higher ultimate HEDIS scores, obviously, and satisfaction numbers. As we move down that continuum, we might add things like utilization statistics on a by-provider or a by-market basis and then, ultimately, full risk is the final. So that path to risk is attempting to get folks aligned with the kinds of things that are necessary to manage in a population health or integrated model kind of perspective, and it's just a learning journey, if you will.
James E. Murray: In an HMO, you'll pay a primary care physician a capitation payment. And in addition to that, if they deliver significant improvements in HEDIS measures and quality bonus scores, you might pay them an incentive on top of that capitation payment.
James E. Murray: And then on the small group business, it is a profitable part of our overall Employer Group results. So I don't know that I would give a percentage, but it's certainly one of the larger parts of the profit there, maybe...
James E. Murray: On the commercial side. There's also -- the Medicare Group business is in there, which does well -- and the large group business as well. But it -- the small group is profitable.
James E. Murray: We're very pleased with the performance of our small group business. It continues to do well financially and grow. I think they're probably somewhere in their 27th or 30th month of consecutive monthly growth, and so we're really pleased with the way that it's developing.
James E. Murray: That's a fair characterization. We've done some long-term projections and models as a part of our strategic planning. And although there are some movement from our small group block into the individual exchanges, we don't think it's very significant because of what Bruce described a moment ago.
James E. Murray: When you think philosophically around the HMO, the goal there is to drive our costs lower so that we can offer more benefits to the membership. And so that's an evaluation that we have to make on a year-by-year basis, how much of that cost improvement we pass back to the membership.
James E. Murray: This is Jim. That's yet to be played out. The comment that we would like to you -- have you all take is that we continue to believe strongly that we'll be able to grow and make a tremendous or a significant amount of profitability over time. The geography of whether it's pretax of after tax, we'll have to figure out as we lay out all the bidding variables that go on a market-by-market evaluation. We feel very good about our ability to grow and earn a fair profit going forward though.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. I have not seen any of those studies. We are very happy to take all comers. To us, it doesn't matter, because of the risk-adjusted revenue, what the person's particular illnesses are. And so I don't have any of that information that you just referenced.
James E. Murray: It produces better outcomes for the people that we serve, and I think our quality Star performance begins to demonstrate that. And so we'll look at what you just referenced. But I've never seen that, and that's kind of a surprise to me.
James E. Murray: This is Jim. As we studied the root causes for all of our issues, that has not popped up as anything that has -- something that we've identified. We've been pretty clear on some of the things that faced us around the new members and the additional messaging and some of the outpatient costs that we experienced. I've not heard anybody explain what you just referenced as something that caused some of our problems.
James E. Murray: This is Jim Murray. The -- what I would be looking at those to give you comfort on is that the investment spend that we've talked to you about, where we would be acquiring physician practices over time, is beginning to play itself out, because that begins to demonstrate the building of the integrated care delivery model. And the other piece is the care professionals that are identified. And the more care professionals that we have that are focused on the chronically ill seniors, the better you'll feel about that -- if 20% of our seniors are complex chronically ill and contribute 60% of the cost, that will give you a better sense on how we're doing to measure or control some of that spend. And so those are the 2 things that I would be looking for is the building of the integrated model and also our focus on the chronic costs that are a big part of what we spend year after year.
James E. Murray: Well, I think the members -- the member statistic will take, obviously, a bigger jump on the 1/1 renewals. And -- but the providers' statistics, on the other page, will tend to grow more ratably as we build out the network. So over the course of the year, you will see a little bit of increase on the membership side as agents come in. And as some providers on a path to risk, their membership panels reach a credible size, and those members will jump into risk arrangements as well. But those won't be big jumps. The big jumps will happen 1/1 on the membership side.
James E. Murray: Well, as we've talked many times in the past, there's about 10 variables that go into this calculation. The amount of the secular trends that we use as an organization year-over-year and what's happening with secular trends, the trend benders that we've talked with all of you about many times. And with -- because of the good work that we did during 2012, our anticipation would be that the trend benders that we have as an organization will be fairly impactful in 2014. The in-home assessments that we've done will positively impact our MRA revenues that we have experienced as an organization. So that's new add. The funding, the CMS will conclude whatever that is, but there'll be a current year, an amount. There'll also be a prior year catch-up that will be a part of that calculation. The Stars that Bruce talked you through earlier and the work that we're doing there will be positive, that will offset that. There's lots of pluses and minuses, and they're all going to be market-by-market. And so when we look at it, we calculate something that's kind of flat to slightly down. And when we look back at what we've been able to accomplish as an organization year after year, we feel fairly comfortable that we'll be able to address this situation and, again, grow and make a fair profit for 2014.
James E. Murray: That's correct. The first point that you made is the correct way to interpret what I just walked through.
James E. Murray: Yes, this is Jim Murray. I think in our Investor Day presentation, we suggested that as many as 10 markets we'd participate on the individual exchange. One of the things that we found out since we were together in November is that in order to participate on the individual exchange, we'll also have to participate on the shop for the small group. And so that will cause us to change some of what we were thinking around the small group participation on the exchange to work collaboratively with our HumanaOne businesses to figure out where we're going to go state-by-state and market-by-market. But other than that, it's probably in the 10 range, 10-state range.
James E. Murray: We've done a lot of scenarios that would suggest that there's some amount of exposure there as the 2014 regs go into play but nothing that is not something that we can handle and deal with.
James E. Murray: Total sales for January of 2013 or for the AEP were new sales of about 270,000, which was pretty close to where we were for the 2012 and 2011, for those of you who are interested in new membership. And then the terms were about 172,000. That gets you to around that 83,000 net, I believe, after you factor out the Arcadian adjustment.
James E. Murray: You're talking about Medicare Advantage information. We're not seeing anything significantly different in terms of the individuals who are terminating. We were a little bit more conservative with our benefit designs and premiums this past year, and so our terminations ticked up a bit, which we expected and we guided to. But nothing unusual in terms of who's terminating and -- or why they're terminating that was a surprise to us. So it was very close to...
James E. Murray: That's probably a fair observation. And as we rolled up our anticipated guidance, we look market-by-market and we evaluated what our benefit design changes and premium changes were. And frankly, we came right on where we had originally thought we were going to be. So that's probably a fair evaluation. Where we were a little bit more onerous with benefit changes and premiums, we probably got some more attrition.
James E. Murray: Yes. I think I said 200 to 400, and we're not wanting to share with you what our new member target is. And I think what happens over a period of about 3 years, it gets down to our ultimate target of around 85% to 86% MER. That's what historically we've been seeing in terms of improvement after that first year of new membership.
James E. Murray: This is Jim. In addition to the 91 likely improving over time as we do better against the 15 Percent Solution, there's really no concentration in any one of the 4 quartiles. We're seeing different results in different parts of the United States that I wouldn't say that there's any particular takeaway in terms of how much the payment rates are in those particular counties. It's more a factor of our ability to get rates from the providers that we work with in those locations and our ability to put some of the utilization metrics in place like the nursing resources that we talked about a moment ago. It's really not as much a quartile rate driven as it is our ability to touch the members on a regular basis and manage them going forward.
Bruce D. Broussard: Matt, just to add to that, as I think you know, we are -- it's sort of a 2-step process. One is building capacity, and the building the capacity is around bringing the providers to the risk-based contracting. And as we've talked about, we've had great progress in that. And then the second aspect, as Jim was alluding to, we are also focusing in certain markets. I think when everyone was here in November, we talked about 5 markets, maybe increasing that to 7 markets. But our intention is to be very, very strong in those 5 to 7 markets and the ability to build the integrated delivery system.
Bruce D. Broussard: Yes. I think, first, the -- we were actually higher in assessments by 5,000. We've -- we targeted 55,000, and we actually completed 60,000 in that regard. And we're seeing -- as Jim was alluding to in his comments just a few minutes ago, we are seeing some very positive aspects coming out of that and being able to get our chronic members on a managed program quicker and being able to have more effect both on the care model and also the cost.
Bruce D. Broussard: You'll see that metric that many of you follow continue to go down over time as more and more of our members go to HMO.
Bruce D. Broussard: As we look at 2014, one of the analysis that we've done is, internally, our relationships, our membership is skewed to more professional groups and higher -- well, more professional groups, I'll leave it at that. And what we find is that the transition or the anticipated transition of that group to exchanges is actually in the lower level than something like a Retail or even the restaurant business. So we feel that we are in a good position in dealing with the transition of 2014, both in preparing for exchanges, but then secondarily, as we look at our relationships with our customers today.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think a slide that we have shared with the investors over the years -- or over the last year is that comparator to the Medicare original cost and what we see, full risk is around 71% of Medicare. And when you look at no provider incentives at all, it's around 91%. And as we've stated before, also when you look at our quality scores in the integrated model with global risk, they are much higher. So we continue to be firm believers that we'll see a substantial increase in quality and decrease in cost as we see this moving from a -- more into the integrated delivery model.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think as we've said many, many times, we're seeing continued tenure of our relationship with our customers to be in the 7-year range, and we continue to see them aging with us. And as you've seen from our investments in our chronic program and our transitional program, that we're making quite a large impact both on the quality of care and the cost of care. So this study, I think we should probably should look at, but we're not seeing it in our business as a whole.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think one of the aspects that we do see that as a difference between the calculation is the premium tax included in it or not. Obviously, from our perspective and what Jim is referring to, the premium tax is not included in the calculation when we talk about being flat or slightly down.
Bruce D. Broussard: And I think, in general, for historical purposes and as we look in the future, the 15 Percent Solution, the continued migration to our members to the integrated delivery model, our focus on our productivity around our cost side are all examples of how we are dealing with a flat to declining rate in a market that does have increased cost.
Bruce D. Broussard: I think that was the last question. And so, first, I would love to thank the associates for all their help and the -- and continuing to ensure the success of our organization. And of course, I would like to thank you, our investors, for supporting us during this past quarter and for the upcoming year. You guys have a great day and look forward to seeing you at some point in time in the future.
James H. Bloem: It's all on the cost trend side. It's basically the worst flu season we've had in more than -- in at least a decade. And as we showed, it's in the fourth quarter for about $25 million and it's carried over, peaking in mid-January in 2013.
James H. Bloem: Your question is well placed with respect to our -- the weighting of our membership. We have, as a percentage of our commercial group business, more is in small group than is typical.
James H. Bloem: I think that -- well, if you look at the last -- what we've done the last couple of years, they're very instructive about how we look at the deployment of capital. So if you look at 2012, you can see that we did a lot more in terms of the integrated care model in terms of acquisitions, in terms of CapEx and in terms of strategic investments. But at the same time, we also increased what we gave to the shareholders in terms of cash dividends and share repurchase. So we basically purchased things that raised the value of the company. We bought maybe 3x to 3.5x more of those in 2012 than we did in '11, but again, we also gave $52 million back. And all of the things that we spend our capital on, I'd like to just make sure that when we do this, I think that everybody needs to think about how capital efficient we are in terms of being able to build out the integrated care delivery model and what we get for what we pay, because I think having to -- staying with a conservative financial -- with a conservative balance sheet and strong cash flow is what we need to do as we enter the next 3-year period.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. On the operating cost, the operating cost is down versus the last projection as well. So the increase in benefit ratio is offset by a lowering of the operating cost ratio.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. Yes. If you look at that, that was -- the schedule in the press release is a year-to-date number on the capitation, and that is a lot of growth in the HMO. And actually, as you -- we look to the next couple of years, we'll continue to see that -- to have an impact as we grow our HMO business. Sequentially, during the quarter, what happened, if you look at the claim inventory levels now versus at the end of September, you'll see that was the biggest reason for the drop, as well as the cut-off with our pharmacy processor. So you'll see that on Page 20, I think, of the press release.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve again, Peter. So both your questions are about the commercial trend, I take it. So I think what we said is that this year we saw trend come in at around 5% for 2012. And next year, we plan on that ultimately going up 150 basis points, and I think we've been saying that for quite a while now. And we do expect it to kind of -- to increase and to return to what maybe the historical norms are. But that's been slower to play out than we expected, so we continue to be cautious about that, want to be cautious with our pricing. So as we look forward to 2013, we've assumed a return to the 6.5% range. And -- but so far, we really haven't seen any indication of it going there yet. But ultimately, we think it will.
Steven E. McCulley: Yes. I don't have that in front of me, but it tends to be utilization driven. We would expect -- the utilization has been lower than historical norms in both the inpatient and, to a less degree, the outpatient side. But I would say the inpatient is -- utilization is the biggest driver.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve again. I'll take a run at that. The path to risk, our HMO members that are in an HMO contract, and they're either targeted to go to risk or we expect that a fair percentage of those will ultimately go to risk. Some of those -- some of these providers have actually signed up for risk arrangements. And as their panel sizes reaches a credible panel size, they'll flip to the risk category. So there will always be some HMOs that stay fee-for-service HMO, but we look at that as kind of as a step towards full risk and risk assumption.
Steven E. McCulley: Yes, Peter. So on the days in claims payable, even for a fee-for-service type HMO or a non-risk HMO, I should call it, the primary care physician will be capitated and some of the specialty network can be capitated as well. So you move that expense from an IBNR-type expense to a capitation expense, even if it is not listed.
Steven E. McCulley: No, we haven't, not by HMO and PPO. And -- but I don't know that they -- for non-risk, I mean, they wouldn't be that different. So there'll always be some non-risk HMO and some PPO business which will do well for us. But I think the key is what Bruce said, driving towards that 50% in risk arrangements by 2017 is what we're pushing for.
Steven E. McCulley: No, I wouldn't -- this is Steve. There's also capitation expense in the other categories as well, so you can't really make that comparison. So that's just the members that are currently in risk-type arrangements.
Steven E. McCulley: Kevin, this is Steve. Look, comparing to last year, there's a big -- because of leap year last year, there is a favorable kind of weekday seasonality advantage in 1Q this year, and that's a big factor, as well as the $0.30 of investments that we've spoken to are a little bit more weighted towards the back part of the year. So those would be the 2 things I would cite.
Steven E. McCulley: This is Steve. No. We don't target a different margin for PPO than HMO. We tend to target an overall 5% margin, as we've spoken to. And at the end of the day, if the HMO model, being a more efficient model, we're able to offer richer benefits and have a better value proposition in many cases. So -- but we don't explicitly target a lower margin in the PPO product.
Steven E. McCulley: No. This is Steve. I don't think we have any update for you on the Florida 4Q MLR. I don't have that. But as we've said, there's a number of things that go into the calculation in '14 with respect to the MLR minimum, including the deductibility of taxes and other things. So I really don't have an update for you. I think we've talked about that in the past.
Steven E. McCulley: And we still don't have the final rules yet. So once we get the rules and we're able to do a more in-depth analysis, then I'm sure we'll have an update.
Steven E. McCulley: Sarah, this is Steve. We still don't really have any insight on that. We're waiting for the regs just like you are, so.
