Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Stephen. So to your first question, in terms of 2024, we are assuming that the higher trend that we've seen in 2023 will continue into 2024. So that is contemplated in our current commentary. I would say that as we said in our June commentary, we did -- when we saw the emerging trends, we did not fully embed and make a change reflective of the higher trend we were estimating at that time in our bid. And there's a variety of reasons for that, as we said. If the emerging trend would continue to persist, there would be other assumptions that you would want to revisit in terms of whether there's risk adjustment offsets, did your view of claim trend incrementally in 2024 change in light of that higher trend. So for a variety of reasons, we were clear that we did not fully embed that into the 2024. Also recognizing that we do continue to believe there is a disproportionate growth opportunity in 2024, and wanted to make sure that we were positioned to take advantage of that for it to occur. As we've continued to evaluate trends relative to what we saw in June, as we said today, we are more confident in our estimates going into 2024 and able to evaluate our pricing actions now that we've seen stabilizing trends. So that's certainly a positive. We've also done a lot of work over the last number of weeks to assess and what is that impact on 2024, and how do we feel about other available levers and assumptions. And based on everything we know today, we wanted to affirm in our commentary that we do feel confident in our ability to deliver an EPS progression in 2024 that's consistent with our historical range, knowing that that was a question that was raised in June based on our intra-quarter commentary. So, we do feel comfortable with that. In terms of 2023, as we described, there are a number of offsets to the higher trend we're seeing this year. Some favorable prior year development, investment income, and certainly administrative expense reductions. Some of those things will certainly carry forward into next year. Admin, as an example, will be a continued positive relative to what we would have expected at the time of pricing as well as likely investment income. Some of the prior period development we would view as more onetime this year and so not necessarily carrying forward into next year. But based on everything we have visibility to right now, as we said, we feel comfortable that in 2024, we will be able to deliver that earnings progression and EPS progression consistent with our historical targeted range.
Susan Diamond: Hi A.J. To add to what Bruce said on the retention, we have commented historically that we do see typically higher disenrollment rates in the earlier years of tenure, particularly year one and two. So, the longer we retain that book, as you said, should provide some incremental benefit. So, last -- the 2023 high growth and if we're able to see high growth again in 2024 as we continue to see that block mature, hopefully, in the outer years, you will start to see some of that incremental improvement as we retain that book longer. As Bruce commented in his comments about the agent, that is, I would say, incrementally positive because we do see that earlier tenure years, they do retain at a higher rate if we get them their initial eligibility versus subsequently. So that, I would say, is incrementally positive as well relative to our historical. On the profit progression, what we typically said is it takes about three years for either an agent or a -- other new member to reach mature contribution margin. Agents start much lower, obviously, because of the risk adjustment and reimbursement dynamics there, and so there's a larger opportunity for expansion over that three-year time frame. But we consider, in the aggregate, the new member cohort to take about three years. So, for the agent block, it's usually disproportionately in the second year of retention because they need about 18 months of Medicare claims activity before they convert to full diagnosis-based risk adjustment. So we should see a positive impact from that in 2025 for the higher agents we get in 2023, and then incrementally from there as well.
Susan Diamond: And one thing I would add to that too as you think about 2024, as Bruce mentioned, some of the competitors do have incremental pressure from Stars. And so what we've consistently heard is there will likely be some area of focus for certain competitors. Duals is a great example where a few have indicated that they will put their focus and potentially make some investment there. What's interesting about that is, as we commented in 2023, we, for a number of years, have lagged the industry in non-dual growth but outperformed on duals, which allowed us on the overall average to be in line or better than the industry. The non-dual population is the much larger population, and so the ground we made up in 2023 and our ability to outpace the market in non-dual growth, we were particularly excited about and want to make sure that we maintained into 2024. And I think based on what we're hearing and seeing, we feel very optimistic about how we're positioned. And we've also seen and heard positive feedback from the brokers, which we've previewed some of our 2024 changes with as well. So that -- all of that speaks to some optimism for 2024. On your question about 2024 margins, it's really too early to give that type of commentary. Typically, we will give you a little bit more commentary on our third quarter call. As I said in my comments, we did think it was important though, in light of the emerging experience and commentary this year, to give confidence over where we thought we would be from an overall perspective and our confidence that we will deliver against our historical range to make sure that that wasn't in question. But there are a number of things that we'll have to evaluate as we think about 2024. Detailed estimates, the level of membership growth certainly in 2024 is a big one. As we've said, we do think there is an opportunity for potential disproportionate growth, and so the composition of that between agents, switchers as well as retention will be an important consideration. And then obviously, as we continue to evaluate these emerging trends and whether they sustain or further moderate will be an important input as well. So, certainly look forward to sharing more, but wanted to reinforce our confidence in our ability to deliver progression in 2024 consistent with our historic targeted growth rate.
Susan Diamond: Sure. So we will certainly follow sort of CMS coverage determinations in terms of what and when and for what label use that we have to cover. As we went into our thinking for 2024, we did have a point of view that we would have some costs related to the continued launch of Alzheimer's treatment, so we do have pricing in our bids. I would say, based on the team's latest assessments, we feel comfortable with what we've priced for 2024. There's been a lot of questions about whether the drugs would trip the significant cost policy. Based on our estimates, you have to hit about $1 PMPM of sort of expense discipline level to be able to trip that. And right now, we don't think we will get to that level across the industry in spend, but certainly something to continue to watch. So I'd say we have contemplated in 2024 pricing, and based on what we're seeing so far, we feel comfortable that that's not a material headwind.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Steve. I would say at this point, in terms of what we're thinking in the second half trends, we are assuming that those trends continue and do not moderate. There's some seasonality differences in just workday seasonality year-over-year that we certainly take into account, but from a normalized basis, we were anticipating that those trends continue and are not mitigated by any actions or levers we might take. I would say on the broader medical cost trend, I would say there's probably not a lot that, at least to date, that we would identify that we would be able to do in response that could mitigate that. On the dental side, which we have commented on, which is we think more Humana-specific, there are a few things we are looking at in terms of coverage to make sure that we've got the appropriate controls in place, but I would say that would not be a material factor, I'm thinking about how we're thinking about the trend for the year. The main lever that I would say that we're relying on internally to offset some of the elevated trend in the back half of the year is more administrative expense savings. We have asked the organization to find additional opportunities, and that's largely informed by some of the ongoing productivity work that we've been viewing that highlights that there are some additional opportunities. And I would say relative to what we considered in our original plan for the year, those extra admin savings will be disproportionately benefiting the back half of the year. Whereas the first half of the year, the elevated trend had the benefit of things like prior year development that we would say is going to disproportionately benefit the first half versus the back half.
Susan Diamond: Yes, I would say on the question about the non-dual growth, I do think the ground we made in 2023 that we will continue into 2024. And frankly, based on some of the preliminary information we are hearing from competitors and the focus on duals, maybe we'll be even a little bit better positioned if that wasn't as much of a focus for some others. So, I do think that's positive. On the pricing for 2025, as you said, we always -- if there's some residual trend where we are able to offset that in 2024 with something that's non-recurring, we would always have the pricing lever if we should need it. But our hope and plan would be to find durable offsets that would continue and prevent us from having to take further pricing action. But that is certainly always an option. In terms of the progression, and to your point, the higher growth certainly is positive in supporting our trajectory to 2025. I will say the one thing we'll have to continue to evaluate, though, is the impact of the risk model recalibration and then obviously, the rate book in 2025. And we know that we'll have those cuts phased in over three years, and so our goal would be to try to offset as much of that as we can and minimize further beneficiary impacts, although there's likely to be some. So, that's the one, I would say, caveat is we'll have to evaluate that as it comes out and then the overall puts and takes that we always have to consider in 2025 pricing and balancing continued strong membership growth, but also delivering the EPS progression that's needed to hit the $37 and then continue to perform at a strong durable rate beyond that.
Susan Diamond: Sure. Hi, Gary. On the PYD, I don't know that we've historically given a lot of detailed drivers. And I would say it's -- there's not a single sort of primary driver of that that I would call out, so more broad-based. I would say one item is that we do -- we talked about last year that we took a more conservative posture to year-end reserving, and so that certainly would unwind over the course of the first half of the year as that proves -- as those claims ultimately mature. I would say, as we looked at the experience, we have acknowledged and seen that just internally, our seasonality models we think overstated our sort of expectation of claims trend in the fourth quarter, particularly in the month of December, and then fully account for sort of work day differences or the impact of holiday differences in the day and the week they fall. So, I would say we've seen somewhat consistently that December 2022 was more conservative than we would have thought at year-end, and we saw some of that emerge and release through the first half of the year. In terms of Q2 revenue, as I said in my comments, part of the reason the MLR was a little bit more favorable relative to the commentary we gave intra-quarter was the fact that we did see some positive mid-year risk adjustment payment, which would have been booked in the second quarter. I think from an overall perspective, from an annual basis, you wouldn't consider it material. And in the absence of some of this higher trend probably wouldn't be something we have even called out, but given the previous commentary on MLR, wanted to provide some transparency to the fact that there were some puts and takes that offset the higher pressure. And we were pleased to see some slightly higher midyear payment, which again, is probably to some degree reflected the higher trend too as those additional -- that was probably emerging partly last year in that book as well.
Susan Diamond: Well, certainly, Josh, as we thought about 2024 intent all along, would have been to deliver against that needed progression to get to a reasonable trajectory to deliver on the $37.25. So that would have always been the intent. I think as we've seen some of the higher claims emerge this year, and we've further evaluated that as well as how the estimates are developing for next year, today, I thought it was important to convey confidence that we will -- we still continue to believe that we can deliver in that range. So, I would say that was the intent all along and as the enterprise book is performed and we thought about the membership growth opportunity. Because you were already advantaged coming into 2024 in terms of obviously how well we were positioned in 2023 and the lack of the Stars headwind for us going into next year, we always had a point of view that relative to others, we would have less benefaction to take and still be really well-positioned and also still deliver on the needed earnings and EPS progression. So, that's always been the plan, and we felt really good about that going into our planning. The higher outpatient and overall trend is the new development that we've spent a lot of time working through the last number of weeks to make sure that we continue to be confident that we're in a similar position and have the ability to navigate through that, which we do believe.
Susan Diamond: Hey David. Start with your first question on the medical cost trend, I would say it is not concentrated, it's pretty broad-based. The one thing we have commented on though, which again, we think is more Humana-specific, the dental -- higher dental trends, those are a bit more concentrated, and that's more reflective of just where the product offerings, we call it the allowance plans where there's just an overall dollar of funding that the beneficiaries can use towards those dental benefits. That tended to be more of an offering inside the Florida markets, and so you do see some concentration on just that one dental element. But the broader medical cost trend, I would say we haven't seen any real concentrations. On the more population-based dual, non-dual, I would take in generally broad-based. Although I would say in general, the deals are performing better relative to non-duals. They're still seeing some pressure, but the risk adjustment and the revenue dynamics offset some of that. And so I'd say, the non-duals are performing a little bit worse than the duals. I would say, consistent to what we've said before, we continue to see, though, is the broader medical cost pressure is more non-risk-based concentrated versus risk providers. The risk providers are not seeing as much of it, which -- and our minds makes a bit more sense because in general, they do a better job managing some of that outpatient spend just by definition. And so we are seeing on the broader medical cost more in the non-risk space. The dental, again, because of where it's located, that actually is disproportionately risk based, and so we do get some offset there because of DIR fees that we're typically offering that coverage.
Susan Diamond: Hi, Kevin, yes. So on the membership, we are certainly outpacing what we would have anticipated underlying the $37 target. As you said, we were anticipating lower than -- slightly lower than industry growth in 2023, anticipating it would take us two years to get back to the industry growth rate. So, that really strong growth this year is certainly positive, and our hope is that we can have a repeat performance in 2024. So that would all be positive, and we should certainly outperform the membership growth that was contemplated. Our goal though, as we said, is we're not going to take our foot off the gas, so we will continue to strive to position ourselves to sustain industry growth rate or better on a sustained basis going forward, given the beneficial impact of that from a lifetime value perspective and importance in supporting a durable, strong continued EPS growth trajectory as well. On the trend question, as you said, other than the dental, which we've talked about as being more Humana-specific and where you will see us having made some benefit adjustments in 2024 and maybe potentially some additional in 2025 as we continue to watch that emerge. The broader medical cost trend, we do believe, is consistent with what everyone else has been saying. I do think there's some maybe timing differences and when different companies thought and to what degree they reflected it in 2024 pricing. And so I think, ultimately, though, if there is any residual price action that we feel we want to take in light of what we're seeing in 2025, to your point, we would not expect that to put us in an outlier position relative to others. Although it may be that some others have already taken more than we have, and it's just a matter of catching up. But we would say that it is an industry issue, and ultimately, to the degree it needs to be priced for would not create any competitive advantage or disadvantage because it seems fairly consistent across the competitor set.
Bruce Broussard: Good morning A.J. I'll take the first part, maybe Susan can take the profit trajectory. On the retention area, I think as we've talked on a number of calls over the last few years, we've spent a lot of effort in improving the retention and we really look at it in a few areas. First is just in the benefit design. It's an important area where people will focus on and as -- both this year is a demonstration of that. But I think, I'm pretty sure, it's where we've really been able to design our benefits for the segments that we want to continue to grow and retain. And that, I think, is an important area where we'll continue going forward. And as we've mentioned on a number of occasions, we feel very confident about our positioning for 2024. The second is in the area of our experience and our customer experience, both in the service area and then, obviously, in the claims management area that we have. And as you can see from our Net Promoter Score and the continued accolades we get from third-parties that we have -- are leading the industry in all those areas. And that we've seen also, referring back to the brokers where they feel confident in both recommending us as a result of our benefits, but also recommending us as a result of our service side. Because they have told us on a few occasions that their confidence is less in some of our competitors as a result of recommending a plan and then ultimately, not being able to service that plan. And so I would just end by saying our benefit design is really important and that's more segment-specific. And then secondarily, the service experience that we provide and the ability to continue to do that both in a positive way from the customer point of view, but also from an efficient way.
Bruce Broussard: And in regards to just the industry growth rate, Justin, I would say we still feel confident that it's going to be like historical years. We see the demographics continuing in the aging side. We see the value proposition continuing to maintain a fairly healthy difference between MA and Medicare fee-for-service. And then third, we do see segments like the duals as being underpenetrated. And we believe that as we progress into a higher penetration into the industry, we'll continue to see other segments being highly penetrated. You've seen this year in our results that agents are starting to become more and more part of that. And so we do see the growth continuing, and we are confident that we'll see that for the foreseeable future. Relative to Stars, it is an early -- it's -- we haven't got all our results, but we feel pretty good about where we stand as a result of what we see preliminarily. Obviously, we haven't seen the comparative measurements and how you stack up with the industry, but I would say that we feel pretty good about our existing analysis.
Bruce Broussard: I'll take the benefit side, and I'll let Susan discuss the margin side. On the benefits, we -- as I mentioned, we have really been thoughtful around how do we adjust the benefits appropriately considering the funding that's in the marketplace and as a result of the reduction and -- from the latest rate notice. And so we've tried to really do a significant amount of research around where are the priorities for the Medicare beneficiaries and what do they value most by particular segments, whether that's in the military, whether that's duals, whether that's agents, et cetera. And we feel really good about that research and feel that we are going to come out with a value proposition that is going to meet the mark for each of those segments, considering the funding side. And as you can see in our commentary, we made a comment about that we did increase premium plans this year and coverage more. We felt that that was a really important benefit that people are looking for. And in addition, in our duals population, we continue to ensure that we are providing the ample amount of support for supplemental benefits, because we do find that lifestyle is an important part of them to continue to improve their health outcomes. Relative to our competitors, we've gotten an early view on it. It's always the most positive view, and we feel we're in a good position. And I just want to remind everyone, last year, we weren't the cheapest in every market. What we find with our brand, our relationships with our brokers, our quality scores, our experience, and our Star scores specifically, we find that we compete when we are within shouting distance between the various different plans. So, we don't have to lead the industry in every benefit. We have to be close. And what we see when we do that as a result of our stability of our platform that we are able to take a significant amount of the market share there. So, benefits are important, but I would just emphasize, we've never pride ourselves on being the cheapest. We want to be in the range where it's competitive and people are having to make a decision between a few plans, but we always went out a result of the quality and the ability to service our members.
Bruce Broussard: Hey Josh, maybe a few other things. If you remember at the Investor Day, we really broke down our earnings growth into a few areas where our core business was going to grow. And then in addition, where we were going to grow from productivity and from capital deployment there. And capital deployment and productivity were close to 4% of our growth with the growth of the core business, making up the 10% or so. What we see this year is we're going to -- or next year, we anticipate growing probably a little more on the productivity side as a result of just some of the initiatives that we see that are really showing some good results, and us continuing to scrutinize where we feel that we're not spending that appropriately there. And then on top of that, you mentioned a little bit about the rate notice. We price for the rate notice. I mean we incorporated that in the price, so as we look at the benefits, they will not be as rich as they've been in the past as a result of us having to reflect the impact of the rate notice and that is the third. And we -- as Susan was articulating in the previous question, we have two more years that we'll have to incorporate it in there. So, I would say that, to answer your question specifically, you see the benefit of our growth this year showing up in 2024, and we anticipate that same benefit growing -- showing up in 2025 as a result of both 2023 growth and 2024. Our focus on productivity gain greater than 2% and our capital deployment being there. And then our other businesses are showing good results, too.
Bruce Broussard: Right. Well, again, I would thank everyone for your support and your participation today. And like always, we want to thank our 70,000 teammates in being able to -- for us to be as successful as we are and being able to report the earnings we have. So, thank you and have a great day.
