Ajay Banga: Great, thanks. The first part, the part of our fiscal stimulus, while it's tough to exactly figure out what impact that's had, remember that only started to go relatively recently. And remember, that's a fair amount of money in the United States, but outside of the United States, which as you recall 65% of our revenue of 60%-plus comes from outside of the U.S. and the trends when Sachin was speaking were that this third week of April and the continuing trend for the first few days of the next week are global and they're across every region. So I don't know if I could give you a clear answer, but I don't think you can assume that only the fiscal stimulus that's pouring through the system.
Ajay Banga: Sure. So, Bryan on rebates and incentives, you're well aware about how rebates and incentives are constructed. Right? So there is a variable component and there is a fixed component. And the variable component, which is there moves back and forth based on levels of volumes which are going through the system. The fixed incentives are fixed, they remain fixed. And - so to the extent you're going to see variability is going to be on that variable component. The fixed piece is going to be there. The reality is in the first quarter, you can see from our volumes, we were still growing volumes in the first quarter and you're going to see the impact of that come through. The other aspect you've got to keep in mind is the impact of what I would call new and renewed deals. We had mentioned to you in our prior earnings call that - and you quote about the various deals, which we've kind of entered into, you're seeing the impact of that come through on the rebates and incentives line as well. So really that's what you should kind of keep in mind as to what we're seeing there. Obviously, the variable component will change depending on where volumes ultimately trend out for the rest of the year. The fixed will be what it is. The second question which you've got is around cross-border. I mean, we've tried to provide you as much transparency as we can as it relates to what we're seeing in terms of volume trends. I think the thing to keep in mind in cross-border is there are three different kinds of categories of cross-border. There is what you will think about in the nature of intra-Europe cross-border, where - which is generally lower yielding. Then there is the inter-regional cross-border. And I would break that up into two buckets. The two buckets are there is a long-haul inter-regional stuff and then there's the short-haul inter-regional stuff. And I'd bring that up only because even as you think about how we move from stabilization to normalization, you should think about the fact that you would expect intra-Europe and short-haul inter-regional to come back sooner than normal. And that's just kind of by definition. So for example, if you're in Europe and you can do ground transport between one country and the other country, that would happen more naturally as border restrictions are relaxed and you don’t have - to the various locations. So that's the way you should think about it. From a yield standpoint, intra-Europe low yielding, inter-regional high yielding. So as inter-regional starts to come back, you've got to factor that into the mix in terms of how you’re modeling.
Ajay Banga: On the M&A side, Tien-Tsin - and hi. It's - let me put it this way. There are a couple of things, which we were looking at even before the pandemic hit. Those conversations are continuing and developing, and that's a good thing. There are others that will come up, I'm sure as we go along. I don't know that you should view us as jumping in just because valuations may go down. I think what's more interesting here is that the willingness of the other parties to be able to feel that they may be in a better home with a company like ours that gives them access to distribution, capabilities, geography and capital and liquidity what creates for a better conversation. I view the valuation comment as interesting, but if all you do is jump and the valuations are down, is that really the kind of acquirer you want to be or do you want to be an acquirer of the right time for the right reason. And I think you will find us trying to find the right balance there and get the deals done for what value they bring to us. So we are keeping our powder dry to be thoughtful at a time like this.
Ajay Banga: We're trying to stay away from giving you a percentage regarding good try. But that is very good try. Very good.
Ajay Banga: Let me give you a little bit of color what that comprises of. Right? I mean, there's a whole bunch of stuff, as you would imagine in that, which relates to everything from subscription services, to gaming, to purchases in clothing, appliances, there's all the stuff which kind of sits in that category. So to your point about whether it's more akin to what you would see in card not present in the domestic environment, it's actually some very similar categories would sit in there. The one point I want to make sure that I kind of bring out is we are starting to see a lot of the smaller merchants who were previously not present in the online environment activate themselves to get ready to participate and are actually participating in the online environment. We're starting to see that come through.
Ajay Banga: We do feed in daily life right now, right these are people who never provided food and grocery delivery online are all getting online in the last 3.5, five weeks in the United States alone. And that's a big change from the - that's true for cross-border as well.
Ajay Banga: As you can imagine, Michael is kind of devoting his attention to that, that's his future. So here he is. Michael, go ahead.
Ajay Banga: And the only thing I'd add there is that if you - in a time like this, and it's clear that those who are suffering much worse than others, everybody is suffering. Those who are suffering much worse are those who had less to start out. Getting the economy somehow working better for inclusion when we come out of this I think will become an even more important issue with governments and with thinkers around the world. It's not a coincidence that it's the midst of August. We've announced our commitment to go from $500 million to reached to a $1 billion over the next two years. 50 million small businesses in that and 25 million women entrepreneurs is what we're going to try and reach as a company to facilitate their ability to participate in a better way in the economy as it comes out of COVID. There's a reason why this is a really good time to double down on thinking of that time. We've shown we can do it because we've demonstrated the $500 million. We think we can do even more.
Ajay Banga: But - U.S. recovery. Back to what I was telling Lisa a little bit, I think it all interconnects there. I actually believe that, and this is just a guess, but I believe that the next couple of quarters, you will begin to see the United States as states open up come a little bit out of this stabilization phase into the normalization phase. I do believe that the therapeutic will help enormously. I believe that Americans are actually quite resilient and their ability to sort of want to go back to being who they are, which is essentially social beings who like being with each other will lead to a certain kind of behavior pattern. We need to do it carefully because the probability post summer, if you believe, those who know the signs, probability post summer of this having some kind of a recurrence hopefully at a lower level, we'll be better prepared and we'll have the therapeutics and our hospitals will be in better shape and our reaction plans would be in better shape. I think that would probably be what happens, and so you'll see some such things come and go. And I think then by the time the year end comes around and people have been through that phase, we'll probably see more confidence. And if by then the news of the vaccine front is good, then you will see a better improvement in the early part of next year, going into the middle and latter part of next year. That's the way I think about it. I don't think we are in this in the short-term. I think this is a medium term thing to plan for. I believe that's how you should build your business and manage your liquidity and think about your employees and clients and shareholders at this point. And that's how we are running our company, in those four phases and we're all talking that language, so that our budgeting, our expense thinking, Michael's drive on prioritizing what we do and what we don't do is unbelievable. And I think that's part of what we're trying to focus on and stay focused with this four-phased thinking. It helps us all talk the same way. Otherwise when you're a global company and China is in a different state from the United States, you know what, it's very confusing to understand underlying trends. But now, we're not confused. We call them in one stage and alternative we'll see how we go.
Ajay Banga: Well, first of all, we've already got a great business in China and that's generating revenue today even though the --
Ajay Banga: Domestic, yeah. Okay. So we - because otherwise in the current business, we're outperforming on new card growth, the new cards per share, we're doing programs with a bunch of people, we've even done something with the Shanghai Metro, which is a little more oriented there where the first transit deal actually in China is with the Metro. It's the world's third largest software system by the way, by passenger traffic volume and that's rebuilt up over the last few days. Now, we're going into third quarter this year, tens of millions of international travelers to Shanghai, which I hope there will be, will be able to pay at the fare gates with QR codes using their Mastercard in a Shanghai Metro app. That's the kind of work we're doing, not just bank issuance, but actually enabling a lot of the activity that enables us to be embedded in the payments ecosystem in China. The domestic one, we are deep in the process of this year post getting the license application in principal approval. Over the course of the year, we will go through all kinds of things including national security evaluation of the technology and the infrastructure of the ground, that work is progressing at pace. We have not hit that - we’re not cutting back on that. That's our medium and long-term future and we are keeping on running with that. There is nothing new, I can tell you on that because that’s like - it will take its time, it will take time to work its way through. It's still a year away and Michael probably add some more to that.
Ajay Banga: No, that's what’s been going on. That’s exactly what we're focused on because remember Mastercard acceptance in China used to be principally driven by the cross-border demand for it, which meant it was by the nature of the beast in certain markets, certain kinds of verticals or if you're doing getting it out there into where it should be, so that it can become a real payment system domestically as well.
Ajay Banga: Well, you get two kinds of points here. So here we will get one point of view that says corporate travel will take a long time to bounce back and actually people will begin to travel in a personal basis at least intra-region and in those corridors, I was referring to earlier. And the other point of view is that actually when business will start interacting again. How do you rebuild supply chains, how do you rebuild business connectivity, you will need to have a degree of corporate travel recommence. And prior analytics don't serve well right now because prior analytics never had a shutdown of so long. Even 9/11 was a few days of impact to travel of this type. And then it came back, even the financial recession. So we went through in 2008, 2009 didn't have this kind of a shut down, I mean oil demand in the world in the financial recession went down in the single digits is down 30% right. So we’re talking a very different scenarios. I’m lost to give you an sort of an analytic view from prior times, prior times frankly corporate travel came back very quickly and personal travel came back a little slower. I don't know what will happen this time. Not sure, yet.
Ajay Banga: Thank you all for your questions and I’m going to wrap up with a few closing thoughts. I know we kept you a little longer than usual, but that's not mistaking that COVID-19 has created a tough environment. But you can see that we’re beginning to get to the early signs of stabilization. We believe our diversified business model will allow us to successfully navigate this and capitalize on opportunities as we come to normalization and ultimately back to growth. We’re carefully managing our expenses. So we will continue to invest in the area that differentiate our company and enable us deliver on our grow, diversify, and build strategy. So you should see us doing things like in services, so the data analytics, and Cyber & Intelligence that we think drive real value for our customers to diversify our revenue base, they enable us to win market share, or in digital solutions like our gateway and digital debit products that enables e-commerce. On an account-to-account capabilities, including most importantly our real-time payment rails that help us to address new payment flows and some ideas in areas which we’ve been investing in for a while like open banking and digital identity. I don't have a crystal ball, you could see that I couldn’t answer some of your questions about where this could go, but I do think we will see certain trend will stand out, the world will be more digital and the secular shift to electronic payments will accelerate. There will be a deeper focus on cyber security and data analytics. Cross-border activity will come back but in phases over time. And importantly, governments will increasingly be open to partnering with the private sector in areas where we bring clear value, real-time payments and cyber security and identity services are examples of that very open view of partnership. We’re heavily invested in these, we are focused on these and as Michael said a little while back and Sachin and I did before that, we have no doubt we will be well prepared to capitalize on these opportunities as they come our way. So thank you for your continued support of the company, be safe, be well. Thank you for joining us today. I'm looking forward to actually being able to see people and shake hands and give somebody a hug once in a while once we get past this. Thank you very much.
Sachin Mehra: Yeah. And Craig, it's Sachin. I'll just quickly add to that back to what Ajay was just saying. Right? So even beyond the week ending April 21, we've seen the same trends continue for the next few days coming into this week. Actually if you look around the globe and you start to see in various countries, where there is a slight relaxation taking place in terms of social distancing measures which were put in place as well as cross-border restrictions which are put in place, we're starting to see a little bit of that stabilization impact come through, for example, in markets like Italy, Germany, Poland, Australia - Austria. We're seeing this come through. And so the point really being that as people start to get out and are getting back to, I wouldn't call it their normal ways, but getting back to being able to move around, we're starting to see that level of spend come through as well. On your second question around cross-border, here is what I'd tell you. That cross-border, card not present excluding travel, that lift you're seeing, which is taking place in the third week of April, there are a few factors which are contributing to this. And you should kind of - just kind of keep that in mind. One is timing of Easter globally is having an impact, but equally if not more important, what we're starting to see is the omnichannel prevalence coming through at various merchants across the globe. So with the crisis hitting, more and more merchants are coming to realize the importance of going into online channels. And as they're going into online channels, they've enabled themselves and they're starting to see the impact of that come through. Other categories where you're seeing some level of spend come through is in areas like clothing, in general retail, I would tell you, in subscription services, in the marketplace activity you're seeing. So you're seeing that come through in all of those metrics there. That's kind of the color I'd like to share with you as it relates to how we are seeing those cross-border trend - card not present trends kind of play out.
Sachin Mehra: One little comment about margin. I know you asked about cross-border margin, but remember our company has various aspects to its margin mix and one of those which is in - was services, if you remember a few years ago when services were a smaller percentage of our revenue, their margin contribution was also lower and the average margin for our company. That is not the case today. Our services business, all the different lines in it together when you kind of dominate them and look at them, they're very profitable for us as they should be because scale allows us to leverage the fixed cost that we put into building those businesses over a larger volume. So I think as a company, we feel relatively good about where we are on margins. We feel good about some of the revenue diversification. Of course, cross-border is down today and it will be to some extent, as Sachin said, until long-haul intra and inter-regional kind of stuff fix up. That's obvious. And so, we're going to keep doing what we can to keep growing our business in the meanwhile.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Tien-Tsin. So on rebates and incentives, the point really is we're running our business as we would run our business. You know one of our imperatives is to grow market share. We're constantly interacting with our customers. We're going to do deals. We're going to do renew deals. We're going to do new deals. That's just part of course. And so what you're going to see come through is that activity and to the best I've done and the nature of visibility and pipeline and things which are going on, which is a pretty active pipeline, to be completely honest with you, we factor all of that in terms of how we share with you our kind of thoughts around where rebates and incentives will play out.
Sachin Mehra: Hi, Lisa. Nice to hear you guys' voice too. We kind of get a little lonely after this locked up thing here. So, here's the thing. What you're asking is the crux of - a crystal ball issue that's a little difficult to get into. But let me give you some thoughts that I’ve picked over time. The first one is, I actually believe that what you will see that seems is happening in China is you will begin with China I think is in more of a normalization phase than, say the United States and Europe that is more in a stabilization phase. Although, even there, if parts of the U.S. begin to open up as we're hearing some governors speak, you may see a change in that over the next two, three, four, five weeks. I just don't yet know how to predict that well. But let's stick to the idea of with China being in more in the normalization phase than the rest of us. There is a long journey for China through that phase. It's not done, they've just begun. But their local travel has begun. Trains have got bookings. Planes locally have got bookings. Restaurants and bars are open in Shanghai and Beijing and Guangdong and places. Wuhan is still challenged. So, that's - we are learning a little bit from China's experience here. And now you got Australia and New Zealand beginning to think of opening up, so I think we'll get some more data from countries that are a little ahead of the curve than the rest of us. Talking about cross-border travel, China is beginning to talk about corridors of cross-border being opened up, which is to your question about does the government feel comfortable about what kind of connections with certain countries they can reopen. So they're talking about reopening traffic obviously to Hong Kong and Taiwan and Singapore. We're also at a point of time they were thinking about Japan, which has since been a little more challenged, but Japan seems to be improving as well. So I think what you'll find is cross-border travel in corridors or within Europe, which will open first before you get situation of longer haul going. There is the issue of planes having been grounded for quite a while, of crews and planes having to be reactivated. That will also take its own time to come through. The airlines are obviously watching this very carefully and they are very keen to get back on stream, but they need to see some bookings. We know that’s in domestic in the United States, the TSA actually cleared more people through their security systems over the last day or two than they had for the previous couple of weeks. Now, that's at a very low level compared to the peak that we saw prior to the crisis, but that's all indicators of how this will get back into shape. I don't know. My general view in life is that we will probably end up with a reliable therapeutic somewhere over the summer, whether it's available in large enough quantities across the entire world literally for those who are disadvantaged, I don't yet know. So the work that we have seen with The Gates Foundation work and with a bunch of others seems to point in that direction. I suspect the availability of the therapeutic will be some kind of a inflection point in the curve. The fact is that without a real vaccine, can you actually get people confident about getting on to long-haul planes and can you get countries confident for letting people in from another country at that point of time without testing them and quarantining them in their entry point. I don't know, I don't think so. And so to me, that probably is still sometime next year, unless there's a miracle and we find a vaccine earlier, which I don't have good scientific reason to believe. So we're kind of running the company through this stabilization, normalization and growth phase, and we are preparing ourselves to have our expenses and our view of the medium and long-term very focused through these lenses. And I think that's what you'll see us doing. We're pretty confident on what we are trying to do here. We are confident about our deal flow, we're confident about our competitive advantages to keep growing share and working well in debit and working with fintechs and real-time payments and open banking and what we're doing with services and digital analytics and cyber security. So I have a lot of faith in what we're up to, but I don't know how to tell you when cross-border will come back.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. Sure, Lisa. I'll take that question. Look, I mean, I think first you should recognize that's not an insignificant portion of what the cross-border component is. So it's actually a pretty meaningful portion of the card not present component.
Sachin Mehra: Hey, Darrin, one last point. One last point that I feel particularly passionate about, and that's the B2B space. So we've been talking about B2B as a significant opportunity for a number of years now. So when you think about the impact on global supply chains and so forth, what we expect is that the drive towards digitization of supply chains and creating more flexibility is going to only increase. So we believe there's going to be some tailwind in accelerating the - our participation in B2B flows as well.
Sachin Mehra: Just to be clear, interchange rates, the changes were not just about increasing interchange. We were talking about [indiscernible] merchants would have different changes to their interchange, just to be clear. So the reasons that those haven't gone through is because they were linked up with a whole bunch of technology releases and right now the real challenge for any merchant, any bank who is trying to navigate their way through this with most of their people working out of home or from home or with people struggling to meet the new business models as they don't need new technology changes in the midst of this. So what we decided to do was to postpone all that. I have no idea when we'll do it again, not fixed yet, depends a little bit on how the environment goes and that's how we'll manage through it.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, Sanjay. I will take, actually I will start with the second question first and then we'll get on to the expense. So on your question around the relationships, which we're either renewing and or building new relationships with. Look, you've got to think about it in the context of things which are existing customers. You probably will start to see the revenues, we’re already seeing the revenue of that come through and to the extent that expanded deals, you will see the revenue of that come through on a sooner basis than you would see in the nature of new relationships where you’re flipping portfolios or you're starting a de novo program or something of that sort. So I think it's a little bit of a mixed bag. So you see that kind of come through. I don't see the trend on that by the way being any different than what we've done historically when we signed deals in the past, whether the new deals or renewals, that pattern is pretty much what we're expecting on a going forward basis. As it relates to operating expenses. Let me just give you a line of sight as to what's going on from an operating expense standpoint, I know Michael will share a little bit more about the various areas we're focused on. First, specifically as it relates to the numbers, you can see based on my comments earlier that in the second quarter, we’re sharing our thoughts around how we’re looking to take a decline in our operating expenses in the low single digits range and that's a ramp-up from where we were obviously in the first quarter. I would tell you longer-term, the way you should think about expenses is the following. We have flexibility in our expense base, we're going to do the smart thing, we’re going to do the prudent thing, what we don't want to do is jeopardize the long-term growth prospects of this company, we will remain nimble depending on how the economic environment is playing out and will exercise that prudence from an expense standpoint across the various line items as are appropriate, as part of that process.
Michael Miebach: And Tien-Tsin, Michael here. The areas of focus haven't really changed, so we're staying true to the strategy, data analytics, cyber, new payment flows, open banking, those are still top of mind for us as we engage in a manner that Ajay just described.
Michael Miebach: Thanks, Ajay. Hey, Darrin. So when we look at what is changing in terms of, let's say, consumer behaviors or business behaviors, it is little early. As you were saying, it's a little earlier to cast a vote on when and how travel is coming back, but we are engaging out there trying to understand commissioning research, all of that. But there is a few things that are pretty obvious, pretty clear and they're coming through in the numbers already, at least on a relative basis. And the first is this push to e-commerce and digital. So here, people are getting used to, let's say, virtual entertainment, e-sports, people are getting used to consuming via delivery service while they might have gone outside before, so there is some behavior patterns moving towards digital and we believe that will continue to persist. So anything that we do that's related to our digital capabilities, be it in the cyber space, be it in our underlying digital solutions, we should benefit from that. We look at that as a continuous tailwind. Even for the displacement of cash, it's not only displacing existing electronic payments, there's a net increase that we explained - that we expect versus cash. Now, talking about cash, one other thing that I expect coming out of this is that the attitude towards cash will be more negative than what it was before. But even in the most hold out countries, I gave you the example on the German cooperative banks earlier, you start to see a shift to online in e-commerce away from cash even where you could use cash. And that is, to your question Darrin, clearly contactless is going to be the way that will help benefit from that trend. The numbers are astounding, the last quarter 30% to 40% increase. That's really quite significant. The first rounds of consumer research tell us that people do want to spend less cash - are spending less cash actually right now. We've just done a study in the United States, where 60% of people said exactly that. So anti-cash, more contactless is going to be something we all will benefit from. Looking a little closer into our ecosystem. The directly our customers. So this - these underlying trends will also change some of the - we believe that our current exposure from our services portfolio into the world of data analytics, it's a more complex world, there is going to be more change. Everything I just talked about might evolve in 10 different ways going forward, understanding that and using our data points and data analytics will matter more, so we'll expect more demand there. And then Cyber & Intelligence, a world of more online, more of - world of more digital economy is only going to drive what we do in that space. The question in a world of more digital on who is actually transacting the question of digital ID is a significant opportunity. We had an early start of that and we perceive that to be something that is going to get a lot of our attention going forward. As you talked about the government role in getting through the crisis, stimuli packages and so forth. What we expect as a result of that is that the interest that we saw from governments over the last couple of years to look at payments as critical national infrastructure is going to only increase because if the economy is more digital, you will see more governments taking an active role, a multi-rail position will give us a seat at the stable and we already have that dialogue going and we'll see that coming strongly out of that. So those are the top lines that I think are obvious, more granular consumer behaviors, we're staying close, we're running a bunch of research right now to get the latest on that.
Michael Miebach: Yes and Ramsey the conversations with our existing partner on cross border obviously extending into domestic partnerships and most importantly, one thing that we’re using this time for why we do the technology development with our partners of NUCC is driving up the acceptance. Currently our team is out there in the market very actively ensuring that our acceptance footprint is as good as it can be once we get approval from the PBOC to go live. So that's really the focus.
Michael Miebach: Yes, and then Sanjay. That was a pretty comprehensive answer, but just one thing I want to say that you called it out earlier, the two guiding factors are not only the long-term growth in the strategic investments, also market readiness and customer demand. So we would not be going out right now with something that the market is not ready with because everybody's busy addressing COVID-19 and what they should do about it. So there is a couple of initiatives like that, that we’re deferring basically and we’re keeping our broader tie to bring them back to market as and when needed and customer demand is the other thing. Right now we see huge demand for investments and improving, further improving what can be done on cyber. So we can continue to double down there, but you can imagine like promotions in the travel space is just not what is a sensible thing to do right now. So that's kind of how we think about it, customer demand, market readiness and then keeping the strong, the long-term stuff in mind and that gave you the categories earlier.
