Ajaypal S. Banga: On the macro, Jason, honestly, in our numbers, nothing is showing up that should give me reason to be cautious. If you look at our – even our three weeks of data that we've shown you till October 21, you'll find that consumer spending remains kind of robust or even a little better in some cases. So nothing is showing up directly. It's just at the end of the day, any of our time spent in industry and business, you do feel that if you've got trade values, if you've got discussions going on, on rising interest rates and the removal of liquidity in the system, at some point in time that should have an impact overall on the economy, if nothing else, to slow down the growth rate a little to keep the heat down, if anything else. And so that's part of you that you're hearing me speak about because I don't have any indicator in the system that I could point to that should give you either exuberance or caution where we are today. We're going along the way we see our data, which is good spending, even in the three weeks of October that we shared with you.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So on SRC, Sanjay, I think it's all early days, but I'm pretty confident that the issuing and acquiring and merchant community will see, say, a lot of value out of SRC. I have a very simple logic for the response we get when we talk about SRC to any of those communities. The first one is, there is plateau on our checkout page, and there are going to be multiple checkout points. The second one is, it's just harder for a merchant or an issuing bank or an acquiring bank to have to handle multiple checkout options for the purposes of digital and online purchases. And so both of those are appealing to the entire community, and that appeal is what we're hearing back from them. So getting the standards right, which is why it took us the time that EMVCo, which is a body that comprises, as you know, the networks, the issuing banks, but also some merchants are now part of the advisory group there, they're all involved with this together with us in an effort to create the right standards that not only provide for simplicity of integration and checkout, but also for higher standards of security for the merchant and the consumer and the issuer and acquirer. So I think they're actually building this infrastructure the right way for all the different stakeholders in the system. Obviously, the one group of stakeholders we haven't yet tested it on is the consumer because it hasn't reached them yet, and that one we'll see. And the proof of the pudding will be in the eating, but at the end of the day, there's no reason why they wouldn't find it the right thing to use. So my general view of this thus far from all the interactions is very, very optimistic. Now it's going to be a run. It's not going to be something that's going end in a 100-yard dash. So we've got to get it out, get the standards frozen, get all the work done to get it launched out there, get issuing, acquiring, and merchant systems to accept these new standards, work with them, and then allow us to roll that out over three, four years. This is not a one-year or a six-month effort. So it starts in the second part of next year. You should see this having a lot of energy and momentum from us at least for the next three, four years. And then you'll see where we get to with it. I'm reasonably optimistic about it. And the value prop is embedded in what I just told you. The reason for my optimism is the value prop.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Bryan, the way we run our system is that we took the idea of a 50% minimum operating margin to explain to our investors that we are committed to running the company with a fair degree of efficiency and profitability, but we are also committed in a growth industry because that's what our industry is with the amount of PCE that's still in cash, with the amount of B2B payments that are still inefficiently done through check and strange ways of paying, that there's an enormous amount of opportunity to enable our company to grow. In that circumstance, our long-term sights now – I've been here nine years, Martina's been here 10. I've been saying this every time. Our long-term sights are set on investing to get at that cash and to get at those inefficient ways of doing B2B payments. The second thing we've built out over these years is the investment in services, and I'm hoping you guys are beginning to see a lot of those services embedded in our relationships with merchants, issuing banks, governments, and acquiring systems. And the embedding of those services in those relationships enables us to not only have a better, more holistic relationship with that partner, but also enables us to be seen as a value-added partner, not just a price play. Price is important, don't get me wrong. I've said this every time. But it also allows you to have more than that in addition to the service being a good revenue and good margin generator on its own. So our approach to this whole thing has been play that game for the longer term, play it in a way that our investments make sense of where we're going, including inorganic investments, and then manage – if there's a couple of years of a slowdown in growth, manage your way through it but don't take your eyes off where you're going. And that's what we're trying to do. So your question about operating margin in the quarter, to be perfectly honest, I don't even look at it until Martina comes and bops me over the head and informs me that this is our operating margin. I actually don't. I don't operate through operating margin. I operate through revenue growth, that's to net revenue growth. I operate through basic franchise indicating trends, and I operate through investing in the strategic portfolio initiatives that we have laid out for you. Those three things, making sure we've got great people, good technology, good brand, is how we run our company. Everything else, quarter by quarter it comes and it goes, and I'll faithfully report it to you.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So, Lisa, going in backward order, the first one, the last one you talked about was about seamless multi-channel, omni-channel thinking. As you know, we've been talking about that for some time with you as well and others as well about the things we're doing in that space because consumers do exactly what you said. They actually research online, buy in store. They buy online, return in store. They research while in the store. So for example, at our labs or our tech hub, you'll find things like these mirrors where you can both etch out things but also ask the attendant to bring you stuff from the inventory in a different color and purchase right there and have shipped to you later delivered. All that is part of the idea of the fact that consumers don't think online separate from physical. They just look at their experience. And so a ton of things are going into that seamless back-and-forth. In fact, your entire approach to managing charge-backs and disputes also has to evolve to the idea of buying in one channel, returning in the other. And so that entire work has been growing for quite a while. Your inventory one, the one about social commerce, you'll remember some time back we launched an effort with Vogue Magazine where if you were on Vogue Magazine and you were flipping through and you found a pair of shoes – which Martina has plenty of – but you found a pair of shoes that she liked even more than the 2,000 pairs she already has, then she would just click on it and go right to – she's making faces at me. Then she would click on it and go right there and buy that pair seamlessly through a one-click, and by the way, come right back to the same page in Vogue as compared to going out to a website to buy and then have to navigate back to the Vogue site. So it's not just social commerce, it's the ease of in-and-out that you have to manage in that process. And the all-commerce part of that is actually just beginning to move, and I think you'll find us over a period of time being very focused on evolving our brand and our signature and our capability in all these channels of all social and omni-channel commerce. So there are investments going on in technology, there are investments going on in charge-backs and dispute management, there are investments going on in the consumer experience from front to back. There are investments going on in the brand and its evolution. It's across the whole lot. And of course, there are investments in data and analytics that help you work into that process that connect to the safety and security of transactions in that space. So one of the things that you will find us using artificial intelligence on is taking a look at new data. New data was all about trying to figure out whether the person using the phone is the person whom the phone belongs to or not, or somebody's been able to get into their phone. And so using AI, you can send back a risk-rated score to the merchant or the bank to say this may not be Martina buying that 2,001th pair of shoes that she saw in the magazine, and instead it might be Ajay who stole her phone and her password. And that gives the bank or merchant a chance to make a conscious decision based on the value of the customer whether to let that decision go through or not. So we could keep going on this topic, but it's a whole series of efforts across all forms of commerce, across all the legs of our revenue stool that we're working on.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Let me start with both of those, then I'll let Martina get into some of that as well. The data localization rules – you've got to remember, we are managing and meeting the needs of what, for example, India has announced about what it wants from data localization. Essentially, data localization comes in many flavors. It's a bit like white bread to whole wheat bread. Which part of it do you want? And if you look at data localization, the way the Indian government has put out its original guidelines with, managing that data localization is a question of attempting to put a bunch of servers on the ground that enable their data to be kept locally. There are factors if you go further onto on-soil processing and on-soil switching, as we've had to do in some countries. That's a different cost base. What we are referring to when we talk about our lack of support for data localization is not caused so much by expenses. It's caused by the inefficiency of what that does to the ability to provide safety, security, and analytics to India's banks and merchants. Honestly, if we are to be able to look at transactions and recognize them, the example of new data I just gave, to recognize patterns and to look at them across systems, it's common sense that more transactions give you better predictability and lower false positives. Less transactions give you lower predictability and more false positives. Secondly, if you localize, you're unable to learn from the learnings of one country and apply them to the global platforms like ours to every country, and therefore you leverage the cost of learning by 1/200, meaning you learn in one country and it's available to 200. And I have tons of examples of when this has paid off. What India is doing is actually enabling both those benefits to India to be turned off. So at the end of the day, it's not a cost issue is what I'm trying to tell you. It's more of the manner in which we run the business to be able to benefit those stakeholders on the ground in India that I think we're losing out on. And I'm picking on India only because that's a live issue over the last few months. There are others like that. So it's not a cost issue as much as it is a manner of operating issue.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So think of the B2B business as a little piece of Martina's speech because she obviously has imbibed the B2B business deeply. So here's the thing.
Ajaypal S. Banga: And now there's (56:52) work for her, who used to run our commercials. I think this education process has only ratcheted up. So here's the deal. There's the card base original business that we always were in, small corporates, large corporates, T&E, B2B, SME, fleet cards, B-cards. That business continues to grow in a good rate. And frankly, you should view that as a steady stable business that we understand the most about because it's been in our portfolio for a fair amount of time. Then the virtual card business came in after that. And that has continuously improved, not only in the form of the industries it targets, as Martina was explaining, but also in the form in which we deliver the product more and more through open APIs and through simple ways for people to integrate with the virtual card. That business is also beginning to, I would say, come to the point where it's in the first category of something we've known for a lot of years. The Hub business, which connects to the ERP systems, and the Track businesses, we have just about launched. These are new. And I think you will see the results of these two over the next two to five years, not the next six months to one year. So I think you've got to look at our B2B business as being laid out as the foundation of the way we've built the services business. It took us four or five years to build it to some size, and then we began to really plug it hard. You should watch us doing the same with those parts of the B2B business, the hub and the Track part. And there's more to come on Track, and there's more to come on the Hub as we go along. VocaLink and the Fast ACH capability that VocaLink gave us, along with the incremental amount of data that flows in a VocaLink message back and forth, which gives us better reconciliation capability and better capability for these vendors who are buying and selling from each other, that is just another plus in the system. And so we are building a repertoire of assets like we built in Safety & Security, packaged together and bundled together at the front end for meeting that $120 trillion market that Martina is talking about. That's how I view the B2B business are those two distinct parts: our older, more mature type; and newer, more interesting, probably more future growth variety, and Mastercard transcends both of those.
Ajaypal S. Banga: 55% of our transactions. So we can see a large part of that is because we've been able to take on these closed-loop systems over the years and convert them into open-loop and be able to see them ourselves. Closed-loop has many implications. There are bank-owned ones, there are government-owned ones, then there smaller closed-loop systems like transit systems. So the London Transport was a closed-loop system, where if you took a subway in London, you paid on an Oyster card, which was their own little closed loop. That has been converted to an open loop as well. So the closed-loop/open-loop conversation has many dimensions across smaller ones for government-run systems to all the way big ones that are run nationally, and infrastructure. I actually don't want to give you a percentage of what comes from those versus the others only because it will start becoming a quarterly question of this is not a change that happens quarterly. But I would tell you this. In our secular growth story, while there is a great deal of focus on the 80-odd percent of transactions that are still in cash, in that other 15% – 20% that are electronic, there is a chunk of closed-loop; and Europe is a big example of that, Canada has that. Australia has that. Latin America, has it. It's not only a developed market, emerging-market thing, it's across the world. So yes, we are focused on that, and we work with those closed loops very often to show them why they're inefficient. Remember the conversation I was giving about India and not having access to global technology, global data analytics. All closed-loop systems suffer from that problem. They can't even keep pace with innovation and new technology forms. And so it's those arguments that enable us to go after that volume. It's a regular, steady drumbeat of growth.
Ajaypal S. Banga: You're welcome Yes, thank you for all your questions. I just want to tell you, wrap up with a few thoughts. We have once again delivered strong financial performance this quarter, record revenue, record earnings growth. We are very focused on executing against our strategy. We're investing in our core products as well as in differentiated service offerings. And the idea is to embed ourselves but also to provide choice to our customers. We continue to drive solid deal momentum across products, across geographies. We've placed that momentum on our solution selling approach. We are focused on delivering the best digital experience possible over the next few years across all channels and all devices for merchants, consumers, and issuers. And so with that, thank you very much for your continued support of the company, thank you for joining us today.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: And on rebates and incentives, as you know, Jason, our first quarter was actually the low quarter from a rebates and incentive cost point of view. Second and third quarter are very similar, and we continue to expect strong deal activity into the fourth quarter.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Cross-border has continued to be very strong. And in fact, when you look at the Q3 numbers, they're very similar to the Q2 numbers when you adjust for the switching day. And you can see that when you look at the October 21 stats, it continues to be very strong. So we put out a bit of a cautionary note on that because when you remember the fourth quarter of last year, in particular at the end of November into December, we saw all that cryptocurrency-related activity that we don't expect to repeat. In fact, that activity has gone down in a very significant way. The areas that we're looking at very carefully is, of course, one, what is happening from a strengthening U.S. dollar point of view. So we can already see that cross-border inbound into the U.S. has been – the growth rate has been declining versus what we saw in Q2. And in addition to that, we're looking at some of the emerging market phenomena in terms of people being able to travel. So I would watch out for countries like Brazil, Indonesia, a number of other countries on this. But also we watch very carefully on Canada as well as Australia because how these currencies behave versus the U.S. dollar very much impact what our cross-border volume growth does.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Just to add, every time that we put our yearly budget together, we put obviously a base plan together based on our base assumptions on what we think revenues will be and what we can afford from an investment point of view, both in the core as well as additional investments that we are making into our strategic initiatives. But at the same time, we actually always put a couple of downside scenarios together so that the entire organization actually premeditates if a downturn were to come down the road what we actually have to do so that we don't have to scramble at that point in time. We have a roadmap. The roadmap is very defined. Obviously, when anything happens, you refresh your roadmap, but the company is able to course-correct if it needs to be course-correct. And let me just add a couple of things to that. First of all, if it's a modest downturn, generally we would not be cutting out strategic initiatives. We would have to find our way through it because from a long-term perspective, we are obviously looking at long-term growth and garnering that. If we were to shortchange some the strategic initiatives, we would not be able to do that and really create the kind of value that you want to have for our shareholders. However, if it's a more severe downturn, then it's some of the things that Ajay said jumping in where we would evaluate very carefully which initiatives we would continue and which ones we would maybe mothball for a while.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Tien-Tsin, across the board we are still continuing to win share, and just remember that this is not just against one competitor. This is obviously against domestic competitors too. And secondly, from a pipeline point of view, we look pretty strong. You can see that in the rebates and incentives number. I do expect that that will continue to grow. And the agreements that we have announced, most of them will be rolling out between the first and the fourth quarter of 2019.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Darrin, it's tough for us to parse this apart. The macroeconomic environment is obviously good in many countries around the world. And it is, as Ajay was saying, driving quite a bit of our revenue growth. But every quarter, we're winning from a market share point of view, given the kind of announcements that you have. So that is an added benefit. And then don't forget the secular trend is also an added benefit. So we are not seeing any changes in terms of the three drivers of our core business besides what we're actually doing on the services side, which is another growth driver for us. From a Maestro conversion point of view, I think you are seeing probably in this data about 9 million cards or so have gone away from the Maestro card. Pretty much all of them got flipped to a debit Mastercard. And as we told you before, the Maestro product, given that it cannot be used in a number of different ways, like on e-commerce, but the debit Mastercard product can be used, that we see much more significant volume on it as well as the pricing is different. So it's a nice contribution to what we're seeing on the debit side.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So on the longer-term guidance, Sanjay, first of all, we said earlier this year that you have to let us finish out 2018, predominantly because of the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard because there are lots of moving parts. And having said that, we will on the fourth quarter call, which is in early 2019, you will hear our thoughts about 2019, as well as you will hear our thoughts from a long-term performance objective. And the one thing that I usually point people back to is when you look at our Investor Day back in September of 2017, you actually see that one chart that we put out for a 5 to 10-year period where it shows our drivers and what we're doing from a services point of view, and puts it together what we think from a very long-term point of view for our revenues, and it says low to mid-teens. We haven't changed our opinion in all of this, but you have to wait for the 2019 thoughts as well as for a longer-term guidance at the Q4 earnings call. I think that's end of January or so.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Look, Bryan, first of all, we're going to continue to stick to our guidance that we said. When we look at the business overall, we think the business can produce 50%-plus operating margins at any point in time, so we're not going to change that. Every year when we put our numbers together, we basically decide what we think revenue growth will be and how much we can afford from an operating expense point of view. Obviously, you're seeing that we've been doing really well from a revenue growth point of view this year, and so we have been able to produce more profits. And it doesn't go that quickly that we can just turn on a dime and suddenly invest in some other strategic investments. So you have to have a long-term view. We're not going to change our long-term view, but from time to time, as we have said the past, depending on revenue growth, you might have a little bit of an extra contribution to operating margin.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: On the agreements, Craig, first of all, on average, agreements are between three and seven years, so you can actually say five years. So it's no surprise that typically in any given year 20% plus/minus a few percentage points come up for renewal. And we will continue to do what we did in the past many years. It means we're all going to go after every agreement, and hopefully we can convince clients to continue to do business with us or new clients to come over to do business with us. It's business as usual.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Bob, let me start on this one. First of all, when you just look at B2B payments, we said in the past that it's about 11% of our total volume at this point in time, and that it's growing in the low, mid, high teens depending on which quarter you're looking at. And if I can just recall for you, we think that the opportunity worldwide is actually $120 trillion. That doesn't mean that we're going to go after every $120 trillion, but we're going after the slices where we can actually bring a lot of good value proposition to bear. You saw how we expanded into virtual cards. That is actually in these numbers and how we're basically adopting virtual cards for ecosystems such as the travel industry, et cetera. And we took that learning further and expanded basically in the United States how to figure out for smaller companies and midsize companies to be outsourcing their accounts payable process. And that is going beyond virtual cards. This is the Mastercard B2B Hub, right. And it's not just virtual cards. It's any – the whole suite of payments means, be it check or ACH, our vendors can basically make payments to suppliers. So that is one expansion which is closer probably to our core business. This morning you heard Ajay talk about Mastercard Track. That is really to address pain points between trading partners across the whole world, right, just like know your supplier. And that solution which, as Ajay said, will be rolled out in phases at some point in time, we hope that we are also going to integrate a payment solution. So that is addressing a different pain point. In cross-border, account-to-account, we have told you before that we have been working on a permission-based blockchain solution that we have already connected to our settlement capability, and we're currently in a pilot with several banks. And then in addition to that, you know that Mastercard Send is actually also enabled for cross-border B2B payments. And then you shouldn't forget VocaLink, which is enabling B2B payments too. So there is a number of things that we're doing and innovating on, all of which that we're hoping, obviously, to come to fruition over time.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: As we are adding to it, you have to look at – that's why I said, depending which quarter you're looking at, it's anywhere between a low teens and a high teens growth rate, which is pretty fantastic.
