Ajay Banga: Hi Sanjay, good morning. It is wins and renewals. If you recall my earlier comments, I talked about Bank of America’s commercial and some consumer, so those were actually wins. HSBC is a win - we’re actually converting the rest of their portfolio. There is renewals as well. There’s a combination of renewals with a deeper extension into other markets, which I would count as a part-win, so it’s kind of a mix of both, and all that is happening as we speak, actually.
Ajay Banga: Okay, this particular year, we actually ended up doing six acquisitions and one JV. We had TNS, 5one, Pinpoint, ECS, C-SAM, and Provus, starting in January though December, and then the HomeSend JV. But that’s--I wouldn’t say you should take that as the norm. Deals are deals when they happen. You can look at 25, 30 deals in a year and sometimes in the previous two years, one or two worked out. It just so happened that a number of these were in the hopper, so to say, and they began to close at different times in the year. So the first thing I’d say is, don’t take this as trend line of how it happens. It’s just the way deals work out. Now, you deeper question was around what we’re doing and where we are going for, what’s the big picture here. The big picture here is we are trying to expand our presence in the payments value chain, not just in being in the clearing, authorization and settlement business but everything before, during and after a transaction, how can we expand our presence so we can be stickier and we can therefore extract better value for the services we offer, and that provides us with some new capabilities and hopefully gives us some space to become bigger leaders or better leaders in key growth areas.  So what would those areas be? Data and analytics, which is what the information services is about, so 5one for example is right in that space. Processing, which is what we’re doing with Provus and with ECS and ENS [ph] also does fit in there. We’ve had the key commerce gateway businesses bought over time. That are these things that all tie back to processing. And why are we doing processing? Because the idea is to be able to see more of the transactions around the world, because that allows me to use that knowledge in my data analytics business, so it’s interconnected to that space. Then the third area is safety and security, so DataCash got us some great fraud management solutions. There are similar ones in some of these - the HomeSend JV could actually be very useful not just for moving money around the world but also for safety and security. Then loyalty, which is why Pinpoint came into it, [indiscernible] some years ago. So these are all in that bailiwick of data and analytics, processing, safety, security, and loyalty, and mostly we try and figure out if there is a good strategic fit. Are these companies giving us some critical capabilities we didn’t have on our own - technology, product distribution, some geographic reach maybe, and do they have the right kind of risk profile and are we getting some talent and skills we would not have been able to get easily. So C-SAM, for example, brought us a number of very highly qualified mobile payments technicians. Hiring hundreds of them organically would be a very slow build. This gave us the ability to get with it much quicker. It’s kind of a mix of those reasons, and that’s what we’re trying to do.
Ajay Banga: Yes, the economic environment translates into consumer confidence translates into spending, and that does impact quickly; but we also have--what’s going on here is share growth in some of these markets, and what’s also going on here is conversion from cash to electronic, and it’s kind of a mixed bag of all three that comes out into the numbers you’re seeing. You can actually make that work faster and harder for you if you’ve got the right marketing and the right approaches, so there’s a lot of blocking and tackling that’s going on to help us get to where we’re getting. 
Ajay Banga: Yes, she’s very good at level-setting expectations inside the company too, so don’t feel discriminated against.
Ajay Banga: So you get a benefit from the euro and expenses, just that you get a headwind on the revenue. That’s kind of what’s going on. The M&A transactions, what’s happening is you typically get--the first year or two, you tend to get the expenses, that you’ve got to either get them up to speed with our systems or with our security or the investment you’re putting in to do things with their technology or their geography or their distribution, and then you get the revenue that comes in a little later. Or, you get things like C-SAM, which are really more building our capacity, our mobile and digital, and doesn’t really give you a lot of revenue in the first year or two or three. That’s the mix that’s going on inside our company.
Ajay Banga: You know, before digital space, if you kind of bust it up between in-app, contactless and online browser, as you read through it, contactless is still relatively small in the U.S., online browsing tends to be the large amount. A number of the merchants and retailers have been launching their own apps in an effort to get people to come straight to their [indiscernible] and then hopefully control more of the transaction as well as the relationship with the consumer when they’re inside their app, as compared to coming the usual way. So it depends who you believe, but everybody is making projections based on whatever they think about where these three will go over the next few years.  My sense is you’re going to get NFC growing decently, particularly with terminalisation, and I believe terminalisation will happen with all the EMV and chip migration as well as the fact our new terminals are coming contactless-equipped, so you’re probably seeing a two or three-year cycle of a fairly dramatic increase in contactless-equipped terminals in the United States. That’s only happening, by the way, in Australia and Canada, Turkey, and some other countries. But the U.S., which is the large one, I think you’ll see that. In terms of browsing, browsing tends to be the large chunk, and I still believe that online browsing will remain a pretty large number for a few years to come, and I think you’ll get two or three kinds of efforts made. You’ll get a lot of effort made around improving the card and file experience. You’ll get a lot of efforts made around improving the use of easy use checkout wallets, whether it be MasterPass or Visa’s offering, or PayPal or other such offerings. And I think you’ll get all of those getting a degree of capabilities built with tokenization just making it safer and safer over the next few quarters. So we’re all working on similar things, and I don’t think you should read too much into a quarter here or a quarter there. These things are slow burns. You saw Apply Pay talk about their mobile payment growth, and at the end of the day, yes, they’ve done a great job and it’s excited the market, but it’s still a very small percentage of what the total number of transactions are. So I would take all this in that context, and not run to the races with more than that. But we are very focused on--you know, tokenization and [indiscernible], just to make sure I don’t miss that aspect. It’s a very important aspect of where we’re going for safety and security. Apple Pay was the first version of that to come out. We’re putting it into MasterPass, just regular MasterPass over the next few--period of time, let me put it that way, so I don’t give you information that’s beyond what is likely, and that will be--you’ll see in a year or two’s time, tokenization will become kind of fiddlesticks in the game on ecommerce. [Indiscernible]
Ajay Banga: No, I don’t--the last part of your question is about is there either steering or secular change going on in the behavior around credit and debit, and I’d say there’s no evidence of that. But you should know this, that the growth rate of debit versus credit, there are changes that are going on between that over time, and there’s no doubt that as credit histories and credit positions are improving, banks are becoming more willing to go out and push credit acquisitions again, and that in itself will change over a period of time some degree of behavior between debit and credit. But there’s no real pushing or steering or anything going on that I can see, not in our numbers, anyway.
Ajay Banga: By the way, this layered hedging is kind of the way that I used to work it, even in my previous job in the banking industry. When you go to companies--and that’s exactly what you do. You go in and you attempt to hedge more of the exposure in the immediate quarter out there, a little less in the quarter after, a little less in the quarter after, and even a little less in the quarter after. So when Martina talks to you about the 50 to 75%, you’re probably looking at a higher level hedge in the immediate quarter because you have more certainty of that net exposure within those currency pairs that she just referred to. You hedge a little less out four quarters because you have less certainty in those currency pairs that she’s referring to. Also remember, the euro and the real are not being discussed in those currency pairs. The 2 percentage point headwind that we’ve already put in our revenue growth estimate for next year, it’s from these currency pairs. The euro and the real goes over and beyond that, and kind of could be a far more significant one, particularly because of the euro, as Martina was pointing out.
Ajay Banga: That business exciting. We’re doing well, and it’s across the world, by the way. The U.S. has got the most traction in some ways, but there’s good growth in Europe, there’s good growth in Latin America. Asia, the Middle East, Africa remain real opportunities for us. I’m not going to give you separate numbers for that, but you should know that it still is a big focus. We’re focused on--T&E [ph] is focused on fleet cards, it’s focused on purchasing, it’s focused on some B2B payment streams. It’s not just our own effort with individual clients like Bank of America and Chase and Citi that you heard me talk about our other global clients, but it’s also focused on partnerships with companies in the travel space, partnerships with companies in the fleet management spaces. All of these are giving us opportunities in commercial.
Ajay Banga: I don’t know how to answer that in a way that’s different. I would say to you that what’s going on in ecommerce right now is that you’ve got--as you grow, there is no doubt that credit has a greater share than debit in ecommerce, although I’d say that’s also because the U.S. is a larger ecommerce market than most other parts of the world. In Europe, it’s not as similar as it is in the U.S. Now remember, the U.K. and Spain, Portugal are more credit-sensitive now, northern Europe is more debit-sensitive, so a lot of it depends on the originating market from where the transaction is placed into the ecommerce system. So what we are seeing right now is also a function of mix, and I wouldn’t try and draw more conclusions than that right now.
Ajay Banga: Great. Thank you all for those questions. I’m going to just leave you with a few closing thoughts.  We ended what I think was a very good year on a strong note. Seventeen percent revenue growth in fourth quarter, ex-FX, ’14 with that effect, that’s not a bad place to be. Volumes, share, innovation, deals - we’ve done all of that while navigating through what I would say was one of the more complex economic and political years that I’ve seen over the last decade. Aside from the actual couple of years of the financial crisis, this was probably one of the more difficult years.  For 2015, we see the same underlying trends, economically and for our own business. We believe that we will deliver our three objectives, and that means that net revenue growth this year will be in the high single digit range at constant currency. So your question would be, why is that growth lower than 2014? Because one, we have those local FX headwinds that we were just discussing in the Q&A in those key currency pairs, and that’s before the euro, by the way, and the real translation impact, which as you know is larger. But just those local FX headwinds and because there are some very good deals in the pipeline, both renewals and wins, that are probably going to have an upfront load. But they're good deals - they’re good for us. So if you look at all that, at the same time, we plan to keep investing in our business and our capabilities. We know how to dial our expenses up and down, and we’re going to keep a very close eye on that if needed. I just don’t overdo that through a short-term cycle. We took advantage of the tax benefits that, while sustainable as Martina talked about, they came to us in the latter part of the quarter and got finalized, and she and I sat down and said, you know what? This is a good time - Apple Pay is out in the market, price initiative [ph] out in the market. It’s a good season and quarter for us - let’s take some of this benefit and put it back into the system. Those kind of decisions are taken every week and every day by us together as a team. So overall, we haven’t changed our thinking about our business prospects from what we indicated at our investor day a few months ago--or rather, the two investor days.  The payments space is a terrific place to be. We are very confident in our ability to guide this company through the current mixed environment. We’re going to keep growing share and we’re going to keep driving the conversion of cash to electronic payments around the world. We expect to continue to deliver strong financial performance in the foreseeable future. So thank you so much for your continued support of our company. Thank you for taking the time to join us today.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So on the tax rate, Sanjay, as you know, we are very much committed to be aligning our business operations to our tax infrastructure, and over the last couple of years we’ve been able to work down the tax rate quite considerably, so in fact in 2014 we are ending up at 28.8%. We’re planning that that will go down to 28% in 2015, and over a longer period of time we believe that we will have even more work that we can in order to lower the tax rate.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, so first of all in the prior year quarter in 2013, we actually had some relatively large contracts coming to fruition, both from a new and from a renewal point of view, so this is just the year-over-year cadence. There’s nothing unusual that is going on in the Q4 of 2014. Looking forward when you talk about 2015, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are expecting a number of customer renewals that will have more front-loaded rebates and incentives into the front part of the year, not smooth over the entire years of a contract. So it will have a more considerable impact on rebates and incentives in 2015, and that is all baked into our net revenue guidance of the high single digits, FX-adjusted.
Martina Hund-Mejean: In addition to the strategic evaluation, we obviously do a financial evaluation and we do an integration possibility evaluation. So on the financials, first of all, we differentiate between those acquisitions, as Ajay said, that are really bringing us skill sets that don’t necessarily bring us in the immediate term revenues that would be good over time, but it brings a skill set. Then we have acquisitions that are more the traditional acquisitions, like Pinpoint or TNS, that are bringing us also revenues. We do the very traditional cash flow modeling with the right kind of hurdle rates, vary it by the type of business, the riskiness of the business, where the business is located, and then beyond that analysis we obviously also do an analysis on the integration possibility of this particular business with our company so that we can drive some synergies on the bottom line.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, so first of all in Q4, as I said, we took actually advantage of some of the goodness that we had on the tax side to be reinvesting that, and we did specifically reinvest that in [indiscernible] as well as in our price initiatives. So you saw a little bit of a higher number in A&M than you otherwise would expect in Q4.  I think for the full year of 2015, the A&M spend is really embedded in my comments that I said about operating expenses, and I don’t think you should be expecting too big of a difference from a overall A&M spend number for 2015 than what we had in 2014.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well Bob, as you heard Ajay speak, actually a big part of this is due to the terrific work that our European colleagues have been doing. A number of the countries that we called out - the U.K., Sweden and some others - have been growing terrifically in these kinds of businesses, so that obviously contributed to our bottom line growth despite where the economic environment is at this point in time.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, on the pricing side, for 2014 actually for the whole year, we had about a 1% price increase, so relatively small. We think that what we have out there for 2015, it will be relatively similar.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So you’re absolutely right - FX-adjusted, high single digit net revenue growth for 2015. That includes about 2 ppt of M&A transactions. But by the way, even when you pull these 2 ppt of M&A transactions out, you still get to high single digit growth on the underlying business, so you can probably get a good sense on the numbers on that one.  On the expense side, what I said is also on an FX-adjusted basis, you have operating expenses high single digits, and actually most of that - 6 ppt - is due to the acquisitions, so the underlying growth of our underlying expenses is relatively small, okay? Now, when you put the FX translation into it, you have to deduct about 2 to 3 percentage points, so you’re getting for the as-reported opex growth into the mid-single digit range.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, so first of all with the last comment, of course we listen to each other’s comments from time to time, and I would believe that we do a hedging strategy and have a hedging philosophy that is extremely similar. We layer in our hedges over a 12-month rolling period, so we never run, so to speak, naked during any type of period. We do it for the most significant currency pairs. You know that we are doing actually business in 150-plus currencies, but we really pick the most significant currency pairs in order to do our hedging.  In order to do hedging, you have to have really appropriate exposure forecasts coming out over the next 12 months rolling period, and that is where you typically step back and take a little bit of a more conservative view and don’t layer in 100% of the exposure in terms of hedges, you do 50 to 75%. So we don’t take a view--the 50 to 75% is not taking a view in terms of hedging a particular currency pair, but it is in terms of making sure that between the exposure that we know and the hedges that we layer on, that we have the right kind of balance. The one other thing that I wanted to let you know is just to make sure, we are hedging things on a net basis, which means we take revenues in that particular currency and we deduct the operating expenses that we spend in that particular currency, and then we do a hedge on that, and you would not see the gain or the loss on the hedge showing up in the revenue line. Most of that is actually reflected in our GMA line item.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Actually from a growth perspective, just to jump in here, it’s really a nice mid-teens kind of growth worldwide.
Martina Hund-Mejean: On your first question, look - the European regulations, the text is finalized but there is a lot of work that has to be done in order to implement that, so I’m not prepared to be giving you guidelines for 2016 at this point in time. That’s why you are going to hear only later this year about our long-term performance targets as we are going to be renewing them for a period.  Secondly on the operating margin, of course when you have high single digit revenue growth and high single digit opex growth on an FX-adjusted basis, you should basically assume that the operating margin, which is terrific for 2014, will be roughly a similar operating margin in 2015. We are not giving guidance for the bottom line. 
