Michael Miebach: Right. Harshita, let me start off on that. So, the way we think about this is in the end, it is about delivering choice to consumers, choice of merchants, choice to banks, and we are therefore in all relevant ways to pay. But it’s also true that the card ecosystem over the years has driven tremendous value. So, it is a prevalent way to pay for many, many use cases. But on the side, we have alternative payment methods emerging. And we look at those as options to go after new use cases, and that’s exactly what happened here in the context of our partnership with JPMorgan. This is focused on existing ACH payments, which are not bringing the value to the biller or the consumer that they are looking for. Frankly, though, very specifically, what we’re doing here, the issue with some of these account-to-account payments is you never really know what balance is on the account. And our open banking capabilities are really providing a payment success factor here that tells the biller this is a good time to debit this particular account, so true value brought that somebody is willing to pay for, in this case, the biller/the merchant. So, a good example of where there can be value created an alternative payment tools while this doesn’t take away from the power the cards are bringing to consumers and merchants. So, we see this as coexistence. Where this is going over time, we don’t quite know, but our multi-rail strategy positions us well to play in either field.
Michael Miebach: Right, Lisa. So, the opportunity here lies really in taking our existing set of tools, namely from the card ecosystem, very specifically the virtual card capability, which came through an acquisition many, many years ago that we’ve now built out -- ourselves into the leader here. So this existing set of tools and a huge opportunity in terms of flows to be addressed and make them more efficient, we’re looking at $14 trillion from an opportunity perspective. If you recall what we laid out across the 4 flows, new flows, this is the -- one of the large ones here that we quoted. And the way to go about this is really to say, all right, who are the different players that we already have in our ecosystem. We bring BCNs in too. There’s a lot of deals with financial institutions, but there’s also a lot of deals with partners out in the travel space, and the travel space is really the one that’s been most promising for us, and that is coming back right now. So this is a near-term opportunity. Cash and checks dominated existing tools, existing partners. This is right for us to go after it, and we’re leaning in.
Michael Miebach: And just to add one point here, Sanjay, that is over the last two years, we’ve been winning portfolios in the space. We’ve really focused on the space, expecting to come back. If you recall, let me just remind everybody here, across airlines, across travel, our online travel agencies, across lodging, across other forms of transports like trains, Myriad, Virgin Atlantic, Amtrak, JetBlue, Cathay Pacific, British Airways and so forth, we have won portfolios. And we’ve bolstered that in terms of market access through these partners with additional products. So there’s Mastercard Travel Rewards out there, which is now in 80 countries. So, we believe into the macroeconomic environment that Sachin just laid out, we have the better proposition. So, it remains an exciting space. The pace in which we’ll grow, we’ll have to see that is characterized by what Sachin just said, but we certainly have a differentiated proposition in that. And one last comment I want to make, Sanjay, I’m happy you’re excited about metrics and how we’re changing the metrics. From a metrics perspective, I want to complete -- back to Lisa’s question earlier. I mentioned the $14 trillion on commercial POS, but there’s also $24 trillion on accounts payable, which makes the total opportunity in this combined space, $38 trillion. So, that conversation earlier was an important one on a very big part of our priorities.
Michael Miebach: Jason, I’d say the model really is one not of separate pillars. This is an integrated business proposition where services differentiates payments. And payments is oftentimes a way to build out a further -- a broader set of services and so forth. So, it kind of goes in the circle -- a virtuous circle, I have to say. When you look at it, the -- historically, we gave you a number a couple of years ago that service is a third of our quarter. It has been growing faster. I gave you an example earlier in my prepared remarks on Consumer Clarity, which is something that is transaction-related, and it’s growing faster with 50 new issuers. So, there’s just a lot of momentum in there. But, there is also the kind of services that are not related to the underlying payments business. For example, what the example I gave you on Test & Learn, where we’re working with a set of customers to work on their base core business as in Lowe’s, the example that I gave you. So, different sets of dynamics, but they go hand in hand, and that is the power of the differentiated and diversified business model that we have.
Michael Miebach: And a step down compared to last year and the year before is, of course, there because you get the mathematics and the lapping effects and so forth. But to 2019, I think that’s an instructive view here. And it tells us that, yes, we’re expecting a resilient consumer will continue to spend.
Michael Miebach: David, let me start off on that. So, looking at Europe really in three categories, there’s the UK on one hand and there’s emerging Europe and then there is Continental Central Europe, and slightly different picture on all of them. First of all, starting off with the continent. Here, the concern has been around for a while on rising gas prices and energy prices and the impact on the consumers’ ability to spend. A combination of fiscal measures to provide cushions to consumers, along with energy-saving measures, along with the gas storage now reaching full capacity has really alleviated some of these concerns. So, we continue to see a fairly resilient European consumer. That’s our base assumption as we look forward. UK, somewhat different economic outlook, and that might be a little more shaky there. But fundamentally, in this market, we are seeing a lot of tailwind for us from share gains over the last couple of years. So that works well for us. And emerging Europe continues to be a dramatic digitization opportunity as we’ve seen in markets like Russia, which unfortunately is not in our P&L any longer. But we have seen very high digitization rates, and we’re pushing that in these more emerging markets. Somewhere between, there’s peculiarities like Germany, where there was a significant digitization opportunity, and there still remains. But we caught up a lot in Germany over the last two years, particularly on the contactless side, which is now reaching half of the transactions there. So, healthy mix in Europe and very strong share position with opportunities to come through from portfolio wins that we have shared with you over the last couple of years as they go into effect.
Michael Miebach: Yes. So, thanks for your questions. Thanks for your trust. Rayna, we will figure out your questions offline. We couldn’t get to those, unfortunately. The day will come when there’s a call where there’s more questions for me than for Sachin. I’m still hopeful. We will get there at some point. But the story has been resilient consumer, and we still see some opportunity in cross-border for Asia. That’s the base. We’re winning. That feels good as we look ahead into 2023. And we have 28,000 excited people at Mastercard that are going to deliver on that opportunity. With that, thank you very much and speak to you next quarter.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Darrin. Good morning. So, let me provide you a little bit of color here. Look, I mean, what we’ve generally assumed in our base assumptions that I mentioned when I was delivering my prepared remarks is resilient consumer spending through 2023. I mean, we see a resilient consumer today, and we’re seeing a generally resilient consumer spending pattern going forward in our base case. The other thing which we’ve contemplated, as we mentioned, from a cross-border standpoint, and particularly cross-border travel standpoint, the vast majority of the regions have now reached that state where they are kind of growing and growing at a healthy pace, but they’re not growing at an accelerating pace. So, they’ve reached that level of stability. So, let me give you a little bit of color here. You’ll remember as we are coming out of COVID, right, intra-Europe came back first cross-border standpoint. After that, we saw several inter markets come back from a cross-border standpoint, U.S., UK, Canada, Latin America, all of those. All of those are growing at a healthy pace, and we’re assuming they’ll continue to grow at a healthy pace but not at an accelerating pace. The one area where we are assuming an increase in terms of growth is around Asia Pacific. I mean, Asia Pacific has been a lagger in terms of recovery of cross-border travel. And we’re expecting that there will be -- with the borders recently opening in several markets in AP that there will be some level of recovery, which will come through there when you index back to 2019. So, that’s kind of generally been the base case we’ve kind of assumed. Look, I mean, to be perfectly honest with you, I think that the reality is we’ve got things which are helping us from a share win standpoint. We’ve got strong consumer spending, our services capabilities continuing to grow at a healthy pace, all of that is built into our guide as we go forward. Also remember that in 2022, we did have elevated levels of FX volatility which were there in the market, which actually supported the growth rate which we had in 2022. It’s hard to predict, but that looks like on a going-forward basis, we do our best assumptions on that from an FX volatility standpoint. But that’s kind of the building blocks as to how we’ve gone about building our business. The last point I’ll make is around rebates and incentives, you asked the question. As you can see, quarter-over-quarter, [ph] we talk about how we are delivering wins. We are winning with new customers. We are expanding our business with existing customers. So, we are building in assumptions from a rebates and incentive standpoint, which will be consistent with what you’re seeing in our track record from a winning standpoint as it relates to us.
Sachin Mehra: And Lisa, maybe I can just add a little bit out here, particularly as you think about the virtual card opportunity, which Mike just talked about. The differentiation, which is provided by technology which is what Michael talked about by virtue of the acquisition, which we had with our virtual card capabilities, but there’s also differentiation in terms of our approach from a go-to-market standpoint. And specifically, when you target flows from a go-to-market standpoint, you go on a vertical-by-vertical basis. So, as you know, we’ve been very successful in the travel vertical. Part of the reason we’ve been successful in the travel vertical is having a deep understanding of what it takes at the travel integrator level to be able to embed your technology there so that you are the payment choice, which people will exercise when they have to make those payments. Similarly, as we look at that opportunity going forward, there are several other verticals we’re making the similar kinds of advances in. So, that’s specific as it relates to the BCN piece. But you also asked about small business and the commercial point-of-sale opportunity, which is there. And the reality is we’ve been winning significant new deals in that small business opportunity. And we see, candidly, a very sizable market opportunity in commercial point of sale, a large part of that is still in cash and check. And the reality is, just like we did in B2M where we displace cash and check utilizing digital technologies and innovation, that’s kind of the advances we’re making also in commercial point of sale. So, that’s how we kind of see and frame the opportunity set across both of these areas.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Tien-Tsin. So, on your question around revenue, it’s like I laid out, right? I mean, at the end of the day, we put our base case together. We’ve kind of laid out what our assumptions are from a base case standpoint. And at the end of the day, we don’t have the crystal ball to actually suggest that that is the way things are going to play out. But based on everything we’re seeing in the nature of current trends as well as leading indicators, particularly as it relates to the overall strength of the labor market, we feel pretty good about what we’re seeing from a base case standpoint as it relates to the outlook for revenues. As it relates to one component of revenues, which we oftentimes think about is around -- on an as-reported basis versus what it is on a currency-neutral basis, very hard to predict where foreign exchange markets go. But again, we’ve seen recent strengthening of the euro take place, and that’s what we’ve kind of shared with you in terms of our assumptions from an FX standpoint. And then, you asked about operating leverage. Look, I mean, the reality is we’ve always operated with the philosophy of delivering positive operating leverage over the long term. We look at the top line. We look at how our expense is up also against that top line. We have, in the past, demonstrated our capability to modulate our expenses to the extent we start to see adverse impacts take place on the top line and vice versa. And the reality is what we don’t want to do is impact the long-term growth potential of our business. So, we will continue to invest in our business with our eye on the long term. We will be prudent about not going into spaces from an OpEx standpoint, which are not in demand. Obviously, I’m kind of stating the obvious here. But the reality is the philosophy remains unchanged. We will look to deliver positive operating leverage as a company. And we have the tools and the ability to actually modulate expenses if top line -- if we feel like the top line growth is going to get impacted over the long term.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So Sanjay, let me share a few thoughts on how we think about cross-border, right? So at the end of the day, there are numerous things which impact how people travel and spend in the cross-border environment. But at the outset, what I want to say is that the fundamentals around the cross-border proposition as delivered by Mastercard actually stand to be very sound just like they were in the pre-pandemic days. We said this through the pandemic, and it’s played out in that manner. Now, let me get a little bit more specific as it relates to pent-up demand -- your question around pent-up demand. The reality is we all know from what we hear on the earnings calls of airlines that capacity is constrained from an airline standpoint. And with that constrained capacity and elevated prices, you’re seeing that impact come through when you do P times Q, which is price multiplied by quantity, you get kind of what the resultant impact from a spend standpoint is. Fast forward, as capacity comes back online, one would expect that people will -- there will be some level of adjustment in prices because the demand-supply equation gets a little bit more in equilibrium. And so overall, we’re not assuming that that necessarily results in a tailwind because capacity comes back online, right, because there’s going to be an adjustment which takes place from a price standpoint. Our view -- again, we hope we’re wrong, and we hope cross-border spending kind of goes with more capacity, prices remain elevated and people continue to spend, but we’ve got to take a point of view on that, and that’s what we’re taking. The other point I’ll make is, as it relates to what the impact of FX rates is on cross-border and cross-border travel. The reality is what we’ve seen historically is that when exchange rates move, for example, with the dollar strengthening, with the lag effect, you would tend to see inbound into the U.S. get impacted. That’s only natural. It gets more expensive for people coming from different parts of the globe to come into the U.S. But what we’ve also seen is individual extend to then redirect that cross-border spend to other parts of the globe where they don’t feel the impact of that come through. So, movements in foreign exchange rates, does have an impact on how we think about cross-border going forward.
Sachin Mehra: Again, I mean, when you -- the strategic priorities, we’ve got payment services in new networks, as Michael has talked about. Look, I mean, I’ll give you a general sense. I mean, you know about -- from a payment standpoint, we’ve been doing this, and we’ve been doing this for many decades, and that is the substantive part of how we deliver our revenue growth. Over the last decade, we’ve shown you how services have grown and still growing at a healthy pace. In my view, the demand for our services capability still remains very strong. You’ve seen that we’ve been growing at a faster pace in services relative to the overall growth of our business. And I don’t think we should assume anything different on a going-forward basis. And new networks is relatively nascent really. So again, I would put that into the space of it’s growing. It’s growing off a small base at a very healthy clip. But the reality is on the overall Mastercard, it’s still to have a meaningful impact. So, that’s kind of the best I can share with you on that.
Sachin Mehra: All right, Will. So, I’ll take your questions in order out here. You talked about some color around how we’re seeing things shape up in Q4 relative to 2019 levels. We’re seeing pretty stable levels as it relates to switched volumes, switched transactions in cross-border, in fact, marginally up on each one of them quarter-over-quarter. So for example, in switched volumes in Q3 as a percentage of 2019, we were running at 154%; in Q4, we were running at 156%. And you can see this in the slide deck, which we shared with you. The one thing to just keep in mind is in the U.S. in Q4, we have seen a little bit of an impact come through from lower gas prices, and that’s kind of being reflected in the numbers you see right here. You asked a question from a regional color standpoint. I’d say there’s remarkably consistent growth that we’re seeing in most regions. For example, in Europe, Europe continues hold up pretty well. Latin America and EMEA are also actually holding up pretty well from a growth standpoint. In Q4, China was in the negative, particularly in its domestic volumes. And again, remember, our -- we don’t generate a lot of revenue from the domestic side. But, it was impacted negatively because of the flareup in the COVID situation, which took place there. So that’s one piece to keep in mind. Another piece to keep in mind is that from an India standpoint, we are -- now that we’re out of the embargo and we’ve started new issuance, you still have the tail effect of the embargo coming through. So said differently, the fact that you actually for a year were not issuing new cards in India has a resultant impact of attrition of old cards which are taking place, which need to be more than compensated for by issuance of new cards. And that takes time as issuers get ramped up and ready to go. So, you’ve seen that come through in Q4 as well. But beyond that, I would say that we continue to see pretty good and consistent growth relative to 2019 levels across all our metrics here.
Sachin Mehra: And, Will, you had asked the question about China. In my prepared remarks, I shared with you that China inbound cross-border travel pre-pandemic was roughly 1% of our total corresponding volumes, and our outbound -- the similar metric from an outbound standpoint was about 2%. So, I know that was the second part of your question.
Sachin Mehra: And I’ll just add, David, to Michael’s point around the deals which we’ve recently won and announced. Just to give you a little bit of perspective, we had talked about Santander historically. That migration is in progress. And we’re through the bulk of a 9 million card migration there. We expect to be complete by early 2023 on that one. NatWest commenced the issuance of Mastercard debit cards in December of 2021. That’s well underway, and we would expect some of that to continue to happen in 2023. And then, the other one we had spoken about historically was Deutsche Bank, and we expect that the migration of one will commence somewhere in the middle of 2023. So, just to give you a little bit of sense as to how we’re kind of thinking about things.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Look, I mean, our cross-border proposition sound -- is very sound and stable. And I think at the end of the day, like I said, most of the regions are now back to what I would call, the stable growth rates that we would normally have seen in the pre-pandemic phase. The one exception is Asia, and there’s a little bit of opportunity which we have in Asia, which we’ve contemplated in our thoughts for 2023.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Ken. So my comment is actually going to hold true for not only cross-border for -- largely for the business, if you think about it, right? You know our transactions or the growth in our transactions is impacted by our average ticket size. There are puts and takes on the average ticket size, not only in cross-border but even on domestic, which are influenced by numerous factors, one of which is inflation. The others are the mix between card-present and card-not-present. Because what happens is, typically, with more card-not-present, you tend to see a higher average ticket size, which results in lower transaction growth rate. Now, that being said, also when you do more card-not-present, you have the opportunity to deliver more services. When you deliver more services, it allows you to actually have a compensating effect from a revenue standpoint. So, I think those are two important things to keep in mind. The third, I would say, from an average ticket size standpoint, which impacts both cross-border and domestic, is what is the regional mix? Because different countries have different average ticket sizes, which influences what the growth rates are. Specifically on cross-border average ticket, it has been pretty stable year-over-year. And our assumption, as we kind of think about this is, not knowing perfectly well where inflation is going to go and the variables I kind of talked about, those are those things we factor into our assumptions as it relates to transaction growth on a going-forward basis.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Dave. A couple of thoughts. One, in Q1, acquisitions contribute less to our Q1 growth than they did to our Q4 growth because you’re doing a sequential comparison between Q4 and Q1 in your question there. Number two, the suspension of operations in Russia has a greater impact in Q1 than it does in Q4. It’s just the way the cadence of the revenues are. And then, two other points I’d point out is Michael talked about the several wins we’ve got -- active deal activity, which has been in play. We’ve got to contemplate all of that in our Q1 kind of thoughts. And then, the last piece I’d mention is we did have elevated levels of FX volatility in Q4. I don’t know where FX volatility is going to play out. We’ve done our best assumptions around that, but those would be the contributing factors.
