Ajay Banga: Craig, I think the first part is a combination of two or three things, one of which is, yes, we’ve been growing share for the last few years and that gives us some degree of a better leg to stand on. But remember, we’ve also been diversifying our revenues with more legs to the revenue stool, so to say, which includes services. And as Martina told you we expect services revenue to grow faster than our core payments revenue. And so we too have a sense in our business -- of our numbers I cannot compare those to what competitors feel remember I'm talking about ours as a vision of our company. And I feel relatively good about those numbers. The thought about the world economy as a whole, I mean, look it’s based on assessment of travel and knowledge and research and data and my sense is that our worldwide economic situation is still in a relatively good place even though we’re reaching the 10th year of a global expansion. And will that change over the next year or two, who knows? Will it change someday, for sure, just I don’t think that 2019 is a year in which you will see more than some moderation that’s our current assumption over 2018. That moderation is built into Martina’s commentary about the way we think about our performance in 2019. So that’s the way we’ve put our thoughts together. The part about VocaLink and about fast ACH, we’re -- my sense is -- first of all in the UK VocaLink’s position and business and its relationships with all the contracts they have has received good support and extensions. So that's a good thing. In markets outside, software has been implemented in the U.S. and is rolling out it’s there in a number of markets in Thailand and parts of the Nordics. We believe that there are tons of opportunities coming along for infrastructure in a number of countries. Now once the RFP is won it takes years to actually put those switches up on the ground. There's also opportunities to partner with domestic switches to improve their capabilities. Some of which you will see us talk about over the next six to nine months.  But you should remember that to me faster payments is not a sprint like digital payments and acceptance these are marathons and we are willing to play the marathon.
Ajay Banga: Yes, Tien-Tsin, it includes all those. I'd say, as Martina said, clearly we expect our diversified revenues from services, from these new businesses to give us a higher growth rate than what we would get from our core payments over the coming three years. And that's what you would expect considering they're growing off one, a smaller base; and two, where we're getting into our stride with some of those that we've been investing in for three, four, five years. There are others where the investment is one and two years old and those probably will only show results hopefully maybe towards the later part of this next three year cycle or maybe even in the next three year cycle after that. And that's kind of the marathon comment that I was making in response to Craig. So it's a mix of stuff, but you should expect us to continue to grow our services revenue at a faster rate than our core payments revenue. Within our core payments, really we see growth and secular movement to electronic forms of commerce helped and share wins helped and a broader and expanded platform of products helped sold us acceptance and sold us digitization. So it’s a mix of things that are built into growing the core, diversifying our client base, but remember that building new services will give us more than the other two growth rates over the next three years.
Ajay Banga: That's why I was talking about being excited about the MYOB business in Australia. I was just in Australia last week, and it's a really interesting effort to take the B2B Hub outside of the U.S. and that's early days that's one of those that we're in the early stage of investing.
Ajay Banga: Lisa, the only thing I’d add to is, put an envelope around this and start with the thinking of cross-border is both determined by the level of travel and tourism on the one hand and a consumer level combined with corporate travel and commercial travel at a commercial level, combined with cross-border e-commerce. When you look at all three together, we get what the market is growing at in a secular way. How much we extract from that secular growth is the effort that our team tries to put in using analytics and data and targeted offers of the type that Martina is referring to. And then the third part of it is, if you have the right portfolios you can get a little bit more out of it. And I think we've got a little bit of all of those working some as tailwinds, some as headwinds I am pretty certain that most people and most companies in the space would try and do things of the time we're talking about. It's not rocket science, it's a question of disciplined execution.
Ajay Banga: Just in terms of management philosophy, this is really important we do not measure ourselves by expansion of operating margin, we do not. If we were to do that you would think that we would be in an industry of a very mature type where expansion of margin is what I should be holding up as my management objective. But I feel we’re in a growth industry with enormous opportunities, as I’ve been saying for the last decade for the next decade. In that industry, having the management discipline to focus on expanding the franchise, but doing it on a profitable way is the way we present our goals. So the idea of sticking to a minimum operating margin is just for you all and every investor telling by side to realize that we are not throwing the company out of the water.  We’re really working it hard and working every lines of P&L, but also to be honest to the way, in which we operate every day and every minute of the day, which is grow the franchise and do it profitably as compared to find ways to expand the operating margin as the only management objective. That’s what we’re trying to give you as a threading of the needle here. Given to myself I would even have dropped the idea of talking about the 50% operating margin because we’re beyond it already. I'm just doing it to reassure you that we’re sensible and disciplined about managing profitability.
Ajay Banga: Yes, it’s targeting small and middle market not just middle market in fact MYOB is one of the most interesting providers of local on the ground expertise in providing payments and supply enablement and reconciliation services to both small and middle market corporate clients in Australia. And this partnership with them that has been a year in the making is actually very interesting for us because it is validation of the idea of the B2B Hub that originated in the United States as being possible in another market. And I want to take it to more markets as the next few years go by that’s the objective. But right now in Australia we’re just focused on executing it well to get to the 60,000 customers that MYOB has, which as I said have got a fairly large volume of revenue and payment size going through them. That gives you bill presentment, supply enablement, payments capability, reconciliation of payments versus what’s due in the bills, it gives you all that capability through this relationship with MYOB.
Ajay Banga: I just want you to know she is married to a Frenchman. I don't want to start a political circumstance, but she is married to a Frenchman. 
Ajay Banga: To your question on expense. I'm not going to tell you what number we could come to, because I don't know until we dealing with it, again we just as back in the 2009 and 2010 period. You should know that if we see a sustained economic downturn then is where we'd like to take a look at some of the expenses. My desire to play with expenses only works in a sustained downturn. If it's a quarter here or a quarter there, I'd be lost to stop investing in the right things, whether it's new product development or it's service capability or it’s even the investment in the brand. But we've got a number of levers in our expenses, some of which have a shorter-term turnaround, some of which have a longer-term impact. And you should -- if you go back and look at our behavior around expenses some years ago, we're very committed to being managing our way through it. As you can imagine when we make budgets for the year, we go through upside and downside scenarios. And given all the chatter in the environment around 2019, we’ve been even more careful this year in our downside scenario and our thinking around it.
Ajay Banga: The emerging markets are certainly attractive for the next decade or two I would tell you that of the total revenue that they comprise today of our business, you would be surprised that how small they are in the totality. So I think you've got to just think through as I said even in my remarks on China we don't really play in the domestic market as of now. And so the impact on us directly is relatively small.  India is an interesting market as well has grown well, but at the end of the day the total impact to our revenue is still relatively small. That does not mean that a decade from now these won't be more attractive markets they're growing and they're attractive, their dynamics are different as you said. We are trying to play on multiple levels. The first is, we believe that our attitude towards the emerging markets be it Asia or Africa or Latin America or the Middle East is that we are there because the governments want us there. And so we go there with respect for that government and its sovereignty and we try and work with them in a way that show that we bring value to their economy to convert from cash to electronic payments to get safer transactions with better data being used for safety and services of that type as well as to get simple seamless experiences expand acceptance, improve the tax net, do things that governments find to be useful. And also distribute services to the bottom of the pyramid through financial inclusion. That's why you find us working so hard on expanding inclusive growth around the world. That's why we made that commitment of 500 million people to be reached by 2020. We're now at 360 plus million and counting we just got 20 million more in Mexico that I talked about. So you could see us approaching it first from a societal and government level with respect for what they need for their citizenry. We do request as far as possible so we get a level playing field to be able to compete and bring the best of quality and the best of capabilities, so the local consumer can win. If after that the government chooses to bias the system in some way towards a local player versus another player that's their decision. They're entitled to make a decision in their market playing by the rules or whatever they're signed up for global engagement. That's up to that country. If their rules require them to open their market they should. If their rules allow them to operate in a closed market, they should it’s their decision, that’s the first part. Then the rest of it is the playbook we employ everywhere else. Best quality product, no differentiation or what's offered there versus a developed market, best quality of pricing, best capability of people being attached to it, global technology, global data, global cyber security standards, one technology release around the world. So if we learn something in one country it's available to every emerging market try doing that market-by-market, it's very expensive. That's what we're trying to do. Just tackling it piece-by-piece working on acceptance right from there upwards.  Look at India, acceptance in India has grown to more than 5 million points from 1 million a couple of years ago. Not just because of our efforts, but also because of the government's efforts to make it happen. Or in QR acceptance in India. India still has a huge opportunity there are 60 million merchants we’ve reached 5 million, there is 55 million more to go. So my concern is less and I'm going to shut up after this on this topic about our share from within a small pie if electronic payments. My interest is more in growing the pie of electronic payments in the emerging markets. I think that opportunity is much more liberating and much more thoughtful than trying to argue about your share in a small pie.
Ajay Banga: Sure, thank you all for your questions. And a few closing thoughts, we had a very strong end to the year bringing 2018 to a record close. We are executing against our strategy, we are growing our core products and diversifying our customer base and we're building new capabilities in so many sectors and services. We continue to drive solid deal momentum and I think Martina and I are very pleased to outline the company's new performance objective. We feel we have positioned ourselves well with our investments and our execution to drive continued strong growth in the future. So with that, thank you for your continuing support of all of us in the company and thank you for joining us today.
Martina Hund-Mejean: We don't really see a very significant change in terms of what we see in our numbers in the U.S. When you look at the GDV growth in the United States, in fact we had a little bit of a higher GDV growth versus Q3 that is a predominantly driven because of the conversions and the wins that we had. We continue to see some of that for the rest of 2019 and even when you split that out, we believe that the U.S. is actually still performing relatively well. We also see actually a relatively good cross-border trends from people traveling from the U.S. to other countries.  We saw very, very small decline from other countries traveling into the U.S. given the stronger U.S. dollar, but it was a relatively small decline from a growth rate. So it's still growing, but it was just a little bit of a smaller growth rate. So, we feel relatively good.  As you heard, what I said in my prepared remarks as well as what Ajay reinforced, 2019 in our numbers we put a little bit of a moderation from a personal consumption expenditure in there. Personal assumption expenditure worldwide last year was a little over 5% like 5.3%, 5.4%. You can see that we put a little bit of a lower number for our 2019 numbers also for our three year long-term performance outlook in there because at some point in time you do have to expect a bit of a downturn.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Ramsey, we really have not made any significant changes on the philosophy of how we do pricing. Pricing is value added, the customer has to feel that they would like to have that product and that service and that their product in that service brings value add to the company to the customer and therefore we are getting compensated for it. And we really have not changed that in any shape or form. And as part of that, of course, from time-to-time we are able to make some price adjustments. But believe me, these are not only up price adjustments some are also actually down price adjustments. And that's what we do from a list price point of view, we do it in many countries around the world some is regional pricing. In addition to that you have to factor in of course field pricing. And this is a competitive situation as you know it gets more and more competitive as you're talking about larger clients, larger clients are more demanding than some very smaller clients. And so, you have to be responsive to that. And so our promise about minimal pricing includes really both of those components. List price and the changes that we make from time-to-time as well as deal pricing.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. And just to add to that, on the B2B side of course, that is also adding something to the bottom line and that's where we're looking at it in two different parts. One, our commercial business that we have today, which is really our core commercial business, which is more card-based that is continuing to grow actually we are seeing very good growth rates in that. But in addition to that all the B2B verticals that we're building out both from a domestic and from a cross-border point of view such as the B2B Hub, such as Mastercard Track. And again as Ajay said, we think that by the end of the period, you are going to see some added numbers because of that.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, I mean, we really have a multi-faceted effort really kind of like running this like a business in terms of what we're doing from a cross-border focus point of view. And you just -- you are seeing fruits of the labors really coming through even though I have to tell you 2019 where we have a 19% cross-border growth as we have said before that was extraordinary and you shouldn't expect that to repeat itself every year.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So in 2019, that's why I guided you guys more to around a mid-teens rate. So all of the work that we have been doing, obviously, it all starts on what kind of portfolios you're going after, right? What kind of clients are you working with? What kind of portfolios are you getting from the clients? But then secondly, once you have the portfolios, you have to do very particular things in order to get cross-border growth going in terms of how people are using that particular product, how you make sure that people know that this is a fantastic product to use that if you do certain things you actually get the best foreign exchange rates, which Mastercard can give. So there are many, many different facets which allow us to work and by the way, this comes out of our advisors group in a very big way, with the client, in terms of optimizing those kinds of portfolios. And we have a very honed skill in order to be able to do that. In addition to that, when you look at the various verticals, so what I talk mostly about right now is the consumer and the commercial portfolios, where are travelers actually using the cards, where it’s being used in the e-commerce space. As you know, we have also focused for many years now really on the virtual card product that is being used by a number of our clients also in the sense of a cross-border transaction. And that has made a fairly significant difference over those years.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jamie, we're really not providing any individual guidance on this. So most of the commercial portfolio is part of the core and as you just heard us say, the new stuff in B2B, we are building out as we speak. So that's the B2B Hub, that is Mastercard Track and a number of things that we are doing on the cross-border space.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, listen, as I said in my prepared remarks, we really do not run the company by just expanding operating margin. We run the company for top-line growth and bottom-line growth. And depending how you put it together, and you just said it, you can do math, I can do math. By itself, it might imply an expansion in the operating margin, but I don't want you to take this to the bank, because investments will continue to be made in a number of areas in order to continue to have the top line grow for many, many years to come. So we have that flexibility to be able to do that. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay. First of all on cross-border, so let me give you a little bit more detail. 2018 as I said was 19% for the whole year the fourth quarter of 2018 was 17% and impart was obviously because of the cryptocurrency that we had at the year ago quarter. And then there are a few ups and downs quite frankly just to give you a little bit more detail on this one. So for instance when you look at Brazil, when you look at Argentina, of course with the devaluation of the currency there was a bit of an impact on it. In Sweden, we had a deal lapping, in Canada because of the stronger U.S. dollar you have that a little bit going down. But that all was offset pretty much by a terrific performance in China and in Japan and that’s why you’re not seeing a lot of variations in the Q4 numbers. And then when you go to January 28 days, the 28 day number down to the 12%, pretty much all of these factors were the same factors other than the ones that I called out, which were on top of it. A year ago quarter had particularly large European cross-border and it imparted was because of how the French take vacation by the way. And in this year, we were hit by the snowstorm that started at the end of the first week of January.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So that is a little bit -- was a hit on that one. And we called out the cryptocurrency on that one already. So it’s really nothing this year is going on, and that's why we have the confidence for the rest of the year. On e-comm you asked a particular question on that, cross-border e-comm we saw the growth rate just going down a tag.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, and I think as you heard me say many times we don't leave this as just a scenario, we actually operationalize these scenarios. So if we ever see that something is happening in particular in the economic environment and we need to course correct from an expense point of view. All of our business units already know today what they will have to do and it will take them very little time to revisit the plan and to execute the way that we should be executing for you guys.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jim, that really sounds like we should be helping you with your modeling questions. So listen, I'm not going to give you a lot more on B2B, you're going to have to reflect back to what we talked about the overall B2B opportunity, which is $120 trillion opportunity and what we said is that we are going after very particular slices of that B2B opportunity. So we're not going to run after all of the $120 trillion. And some of the things that we're already investing and like the B2B Hub, like Track, like what you're hearing from us from a cross-border point of view are actually attacking those kind of opportunities. And of course over the next three to five to seven years we are going to expect that some of that will manifest itself in revenue growth. For your 2019 question, really what we did is we put in a moderate downturn. So it's something that we can digest within the thoughts that I gave you from a low-teens revenue number for 2019. 
