Ajay Banga: TSB is staying with us on credit and it currently in Visa and Debit and the reason is very simple. As you know, they have had to focus their attention on their technology circumstances when they were doing their migration of their technology platform. And the bank is very focused on getting that done right. And they're looking after their customer and meeting them responsibilities on that front. In the midst of that to add the migration of a debit book would have added unnecessary risk as well as customer reputational issues to them. And therefore, they thought about is, hold on and we'll see later. And I think that's the right thing to do if I was in their place and I actually respect their decision.
Ajay Banga: So Sachin will answer that incentive and I’ll give you the answer later on the Philippines. Go ahead.
Ajay Banga: And Sachin on the ACH platforms. So what we're trying to do it depends on what kind of RSP and what kind of deal is constructed. Even that in the Philippines and Peru, the deal is a bit more complete in the form of having infrastructure operations also included in it. In others, it could be only the software as it is in Saudi, or in the Clearing House in the United States, or in Singapore. If it's only software then it becomes a different ability to intervene in the payment flow. So if it's only software, what we're trying to do is to build apps, which was off that software but also to build value added data analytics tools like the anti-money laundering tools so on, which we've built in other markets and so we can bring them to these countries that have software. Also, we provide skilled related thinking around charge backs, disputes, fraud management that kind of stuff. So that's a software idea. Whereas infrastructure, it's a little different. It'll be a little bit more like the UK in some ways where we actually run the basic infrastructure. And then we can build products and scheme rules on top of that as well. So these are two slightly divergent parts. And it depends on what each country wants for their local instant from past ACH payment system as these RFPs open up over the next two years. What I was trying to say today was that if this has been sometimes coming, because these RFP processes are slower than the usual but they get done. And this quarter there were two, there is others as well and there's more RFPs in the process that we're deeply in negotiation with.
Ajay Banga: We've looked very closely of issue of processes in many markets and especially in the United States, which has a more fragmented payments ecosystem than a number of other markets. And I fully expect to continue to partner with these folks. We've talked to all of them, as you can imagine, including me personally. The M&A doesn't change where we've got teams working with them to determine how best to collaborate to make them win while also getting our work done. Remember they play a really important part in the ecosystem for banks and credit unions of all sizes. And mostly they have to distribute our products and services. And so I feel like there's lots of opportunity that both came, the consumer payment side but also in the B2B side, but it's just too early to cement any of them down. They're both very busy with their own transactions, as you can imagine. And they need to get that done well, because that's their first preference. And then we can really get deeply involved in what else we could do together with the merged entity. Meanwhile, the independent partnerships with separate entities continue, to be clear. The merged entities will have a whole new game and the mergers got to finish before you can do that.
Ajay Banga: I think Sachin's baptism by fire on this is the fact that in this first quarter, we delivered a couple of extra M&A deals to him, just to keep him happy and make him realize that he needs to do a little bit of work. It won't be an easy thing to follow in Martina's somewhat large shoes. So I hope she's not listening to that. But your question is a much deeper one, here's the deal. We have not changed our revenue strategy for the years that I've been talking about this. We're trying to use both organic and inorganic ways to grow in the spaces that we think give us possible growth areas to the next decade or two; hence safety and security; hence data analytics and information systems; hence digital identity systems; hence B2B and cross border payments. All of these AI, all of these are intertwined in the idea of building out new capabilities and new services, more or less pretty neatly placed in the third block of our strategy, which is in the grow, diversify, build. Most of these are in the build space. And that's how we've built these services organically and inorganically to now 26%, 27% of our revenue, that's the objective. At the same time, I'm also trying to build the capability to be available and present across all rails of payment, not just cards but also non-card rails. And hence the VocaLink acquisitions and the acquisition that are going on in B2B spaces to deliver usage results against those, so that's what's going on. Nothing's changed in that. You will find us active participants in these spaces in loyalty and rewards, and those spaces over the next few periods as well. We have a relatively active pipeline, and Sachin could tell you that his team has -- I don’t know, Sachin doing a year 20 to 30 such deals.
Ajay Banga: Some of these deals -- actually a numbers of them M&A from us partnering with these people on a commercial deal for us, Transfast as an example of that recently. But this has been the case in the past as well with a number of the transactions we have done. We end up -- like Brighterion, we ended up being a constructive partner of theirs, having a commercial relationship and then it changes over time into the possibility of an acquisition. So we're trying to use a mix of these outside acquisitions, as well as minority stakes. As well as in the case of fintechs and start ups a series of early investments as the way of making the company have a layer of its business exposed to all that's new and exciting, which we don't believe we have a full always a 100% right to be the only ones thinking of new ideas. And so this is a good way to get external thinking, external quality of people, get external and maybe some product quality or some distribution strength that we may not have. So Ethoca, for example has both products software but also distribution through 4,000, 5,000 merchants and 4,000 issuers whom we're tied up with. Transfast has compliance capabilities, FX capabilities but also distribution in a number of countries and licenses to operate in a number of those countries. So different things come together in how we make the transaction, but the pipeline is robust. And if we can do one or two transactions a year out of the 20 or 30 we look at that will be a good year. It just happen that in this quarter a couple of extra ones came through.
Ajay Banga: So the secure authentication rules, as you can imagine, we've been looking at the entire PSD2 implications for both us, merchants and banks in the system, as well as the new entrant PSDs and the ISDs entering into the European payment system. I actually think that secure customer authentication is an opportunity for a company like ours that has the capabilities, skills and toolset to provide this to all the players there, merchants will need it, banks will need it, these new PSCs and AISPs will need to connect properly into the system to ensure that the entire payments ecosystem is kept safe and secure. So for us I see this actually as an opportunity to deliver new value added services. And in past meetings, we've talked about how that’s one of the plans for what we're building out as part of our PSD2 strategy. I'm sure other networks are too. This is not about trying to be competitively advantaged. This is about trying to do the right thing for the payments ecosystem. The second part, the part of our data localization, that's an interesting question. It came up a couple of earnings calls before as well. And mostly that tend to do with India in that case. And I'd say around the world in some cases, data localization like in India has got real policy ramifications. In other countries that they engaged with us realized that data localization may not be to their benefit. And let me explain that for a second first. The challenge with data localization is actually not the expense, which is what your question comes from. It's not just the question putting up some more servers and storing the data on soil. And to be honest with you in an expense base of our type, putting a few more servers on spot in a country, even as large of India with the volumes over India, is interesting but not really a big deal. The bigger deal is the fact that by doing so, you end up with data that loses its predictive power compared to the wealth of data that generates much higher predictive power when it's combined across many more countries, many more types of transactions, many more types of consumers, many more types of customers. If you talk to anybody in the space of AI, or machine learning, or good old fashioned data analysts, you'll find that they will tell you that the more the data the more variety of data, the more widespread and ubiquitous the data you get, the better the predictive power. The moment countries balkanize that data, they may say they are doing it for security reasons, is not completely clear to me that in actual fact that gives them better security on predicting for fraud and anti-money laundering and capabilities on that front than data, which is more widely shared. Now, we will comply and we are compliant in India. And we will comply elsewhere but whatever rules a country finally chooses, because we operate there because that's what the rules are. But it's our job to try to educate them to what we think and their job to decide what's right for them. And then we do what we've got to do after that. So that's what we've done in India, we comply it. In other countries, we've managed to turn back that thinking way from this logic that I just gave.
Ajay Banga: A big part about whether it impacts the rewards that different banks offer, not just Citi but this if for all banks that would have peoples travelling into European Union territory in fact anybody, Australians, and Chinese, and Americans and everybody else and perhaps -- soon. So the fact there is it's a relatively small proportion of the total interchange revenue that most of these banks generate. It's also a relatively small proportion of the total revenue, which comes out of not just interchange but revolving and other fees. And therefore, it is not my assessment that there will be that big an impact on their P&L. Now, remember that the reduced rates of 20 and 30 apply to physical card present, whereas for card not present e-commerce transactions, the rate for debit are a 115 basis points and the rate for credit is a 150 basis points. And so that's factored into the commentary I am giving you about the impact for banking institutions. It's not that it's not relevant, it is relevant. It’s just that it's not enough to, I think, change their marketing practices directly in this form. Your question about local networks I haven't seen an uptick or downtick in any relevant strong way over the last six months to a year. Local networks have been strong across the world in different forms over the years. I mean, the EU in every country in the EU has had a local network since well before, I mean, this is 20-25 years ago; Mexico's had them; Canada's had them; Brazil and Columbia and Argentina used to have them; China's had it since a long time; Korea's had them. There's not one example here. In fact, if you look at the number of our transactions that we actually pass through our own rails of the total, today it's 56% of our transactions. 10 years back when I joined, it was 40 something percent. So even 10 years ago, the majority of our transactions were being taken by local networks in some form for the actual processing of that transaction. We had other ways to raise revenue from the activity around that transaction. So the processing was going through local rails very often. Now, actually the number has reduced over the years as we’ve made inroads in a number of marketplaces.
Ajay Banga: So China, I'm not going to comment on a newspaper article. I mean I wish I was asked for comments in the newspaper articles that give me blood pressure, but nobody does. This one doesn't really give me blood pressures. It's just what somebody who wrote there based on what they've picked up locally. We are -- this much I will tell you. I'm very committed to finding an appropriate and sensible way to enter the domestic Chinese market. And I'm making every effort possible across the company to get to the right place and getting the requisite licenses to be able to do that. And I think soon as we've got something substantial or real to tell you, we will, trust me. We just don't have anything real or substantial today, because this movie hasn't played out yet. So it will take some time to play out. And even after it plays out in terms of, let's say we do get some form of an approval, even after that there's a year-long process of national security clearances before you can actually start operating domestically on the ground in China. So this is like a couple of years away at least before we can give you something that's more interesting than just desires, that's the first. On Vyze, Vyze to me is interesting. I don't know yet know how well to answer for that question for you, because I don't yet know how big this could be. Installment lending to me is a really interesting aspect. Installment lending at the point of sale. Installment lending through a bank has been going on for a long time. But the idea of allowing the consumer as a point of sale to opt into an installment loan, in some ways it's been going on for a long time in sales finance businesses in places like Brazil, where for instance by years and years back at Citibank, we used to see this happening where the transaction at the point of sale had a automatic installment plan built into what was the card payment that was being used by a consumer. That's kind of -- it didn’t spread everywhere, it spread in different ways into the U.S., in the consumer finance business mostly. It didn't really spread to the middle class or the upper class there. But it's spreading around the world in some ways. In Australia, there are a couple of players who have launched installment lending. In the U.S., those players, one or two of them are coming here, other locally are doing this. It's banks, it's fintechs, it's merchants, everyone seems to be interested in the space. But I don't know yet how to tell you how big it could be or where it could go, because I don't clearly know yet how well it will catch on with the consumer. We are certainly putting our foot in the water with this acquisition. Remember it's not us that’s extending the credit, we're just creating the platform between the merchant and the institution, the bank or the Finfech, which may in turn pass the loan on to a bank, that's what we're really doing. I think I can add a lot of differentiated value in the form of AI, in the form of better tools to identify consumers and help to help people underwrite. There'is a lot of things we could do with our data analytics and our information services business. Remember that we could also do a lot of things with loyalty and rewards, which could be connected overtime into the installment loan system. So I don't yet know where this will go. It's interesting. I've got my foot in the water and you'll see, it's not different from the way we entered other services four, five years ago, put our foot in the water before we took the full plunge.
Ajay Banga: I think I said last time that I'm sure that other networks do some of the stuff, so it's not rocket science. So it's in the execution and it's in getting it done. And yes the Maestro to MasterCard convergence to give us some tailwind, because clearly Maestro utilization and e-commerce is challenging. MasterCard debit allows a better utilization. And that will continue for a while, because you haven't completed those migrations in every location that we'd like to.
Ajay Banga: No, not really. In fact, we discussed it in the last quarter's call, you're right. Its physical launch is actually happening as we speak. And it's very early days. But that's the one we're focused on. The whole B2B space has opportunities. The hub is one way of getting to it. As you know the directory and track and enabling that directory to be fully built out the right way across the world is another one. Payments optimization engines are getting built into it. We're just doing a series of things. And hopefully, Transfast will enable and help us even more. Meanwhile, Sense continues to chug along, that's why I talked about Bank of Montreal and what it’s trying to do with Send. It's doing it for its commercial and business banking clients as well. So there's a series of tools that are being played in the B2B space.
Ajay Banga: So, on the first, on big bank portfolios. There've been some over the last year or two that we've talked about, and we've won on from parts of Capital One to parts of Bank of America and the like. And those are still helping us grow share. In fact, if you look at the way our credit numbers are growing in the U.S., part of that is co-brand, that's Cabela's and Kroger and the like, but part of it is also these bank portfolios that have been switching over to us. I don't see any huge swings in bank books moving around right now. But we're actively in every transition and every transaction that happens. But I don't see huge ones moving around as we speak as of now. On the SRC progress, we're looking as we said the industries have launched us in second half of 2019. It’s probably going to end up first in the U.S. and then get to additional markets over the next six to 18 months. And I think that you'll find that the feedback we're getting from issuers and merchants is very constructive to the EMVCo. We're trying to adapt through that feedback and get it rolled out, all the technology build and branding work is happening, as we speak. I still remain pretty optimistic about what SRC could do for the industry, and for the consumer, and for the merchant and the issuer, simpler connect to one connection for all brands, easier to manage for a consumer, trying to replicate the physical experience of one terminal to convert that to a physical -- to a digital experience of one button idea, that's what we're trying to get to.
Ajay Banga: Gentlemen, thank you all for your questions. And I'm going to wrap up with a few closing thoughts. First, we had solid start to the year, reflecting this strong operational focus and executional focus and continued growth across each of our regions. And we are executing against our strategy with a couple of potentially noteworthy milestones this quarter. The first one being the progress in expanding our real time payments capabilities in Asia, in Latin America and in the Middle East. And secondly, we announced these strategic acquisitions in partnerships we think will complement our existing products and services and position the company well for the next decade or two of growth as well. So with that, I'd like to thank you for your continued support for the company and for joining us today.
Sachin Mehra: So on your question as it relates to incentives, our incentives continue to be very much in line with our expectations. We expect for deal activity to pick up in Q2. But other than that not much in the nature of changes as it relates to our expectations on incentives.
Sachin Mehra: That'll be correct, 20 to 30 such deals we could be actively due diligence. The list of deals we would actually scope out would be much broader than that. And just to reiterate what Ajay said, it all starts with the strategy and then we figure out from thereon what's the best way to achieve the strategy between build, buy and partner, as with the M&A component is one big piece of that but not the only one.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, from a seasonality standpoint what I'd tell you is it used to be typically a little bit more in the nature of volume on cross border, but for the most part in the remaining quarters it's pretty stable.
Sachin Mehra: Bryan, let me make sure I'm clarifying the Q2 comment out here, which is we're expecting double the growth rate relative to our fully year thoughts on OpEx in Q2. And that growth rate differential is being driven, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, by the fact that last year in our operating expenses we had the benefit of a very sizable FX hedging gain. So I think if you take that into consideration as you think about the marketing expenses or rather the operating expenses for Q2. In addition to that, we also expect we'll increase marketing spend in Q2. As I mentioned in Q1, our marketing expenses came in lower than expected. This is just part of what goes on. And as we run our business, we make evaluations as it relates to when's the optimal time for us to put marketing out in relation to various sponsorship assets and other initiatives, which we've got going on. And this is just part of course as part of that process, so nothing unusual that it would flag. On your second question on April 21 data, I will tell you look, I mean, April 21, data is impacted by the timing of Easter. And I think you need to take that into consideration just especially given the fact that there's 21 days worth of data, which we're presenting to you and three weeks are not going to make the quarter. So I will tell you that by enlarge the growth trends look solid as we've mentioned for Q1 and we continue to see that going forward as well. But timing of Easter plays a big part in terms of what we're seeing in our April 21 metrics.
Sachin Mehra: As a company, we're incredibly focused on cross border drivers. And as we said in previous earnings calls, MasterCard has setup the Center of Excellence within MasterCard where basically there's just tremendous focus on how we can do good knowledge sharing across the company on what can drive cross border volumes for this company. Really, it all starts with making sure that we have actually truly identified one of the right portfolios to go after from a cross-border standpoint. So as we sit back and we think about it, we leverage our services business with their data analytics capabilities to identify what are the right portfolios to go after. And those are the ones where there's a larger propensity of cross border. Thereafter, we go after Frank to optimize those portfolios in the best way possible. So to the extent we identify portfolios of our customers, which might be underperforming, we work with them through our consulting practice and our managed services practice in our advisors business, you try and actually drive more better and more optimized cross-border focus there. But even beyond that, it's about focusing on the right vertical. So for example, in the wholesale travel space, this is an area where MasterCard has been historically very much focused and has been actually leader, and that contributes to cross border. And then finally I would say on a similar basis. If you think about digital banks and things of that sort, these would be areas where we would focus. Again, going back to the theme of what are the right portfolios to go after and how do you optimize those. That's really what we're doing and it's sounds like basic blocking and tackling. But sometimes you actually really have to go down that path to actually make it come through and that's what we're doing.
Sachin Mehra: So Darren, I'll take that question. So as it relates to the first quarter, like I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've slightly exceeded what our expectations were as it relates to our performance from a revenue standpoint, driven by the strength in our services business. So we also saw, from an FX standpoint, slightly lower impact on FX in the first quarter relative to what we originally thought. So those were a couple of factors, which you might want to take into consideration as you're thinking about it. On your other question for cross-border, you’ve got to remember that cross-border last year in Q1 we had a 20% growth rate in cross-border. And those tough comps are a large part of what we're seeing in terms of the results in Q1 of this year. You remember when we talked about cross-border performance last year. We actually were fairly explicit about saying that we don't expect our normal run rates to be like what we saw in the first half of last year. So as you think about our business, we continue to believe that our cross-border is trending and performing as we would normally see it, actually performing. So I wouldn't make too much of swings between quarters, because you're always doing comparisons between year-over-year tough comps. Our business continues to go grow well. We like what we see in terms of our portfolio. Just a little bit more color if it's helpful from a cross-border standpoint. The U.S. outbound volumes continue to hold up pretty nicely. And our China business from a cross-border standpoint continues to grow also in the high single digits, much like we've seen historically. So all-in-all, business carries on as we have expected to be.
