Ajay Banga: It's hard to predict what -- when you put sincerity and politics in the same space. So I don't know to say that correctly. I can't predict that. I don't know how to do it. But I would say this to you, they certainly, the ones I met, even the ones who are not completely supportive of looking at this, they all understand what they're discussing. A number of prominent legislators have come out and said that the unintended consequences of this could be more than they had anticipated. You've heard Barney Frank, you've heard retired Senator Chris Dodd, you've heard others. You know there's going to be a hearing in the House in a few days’ time. So my sense is that if you'd asked me the same question three weeks ago, I would've been much more despondent about where this is going. I feel a little better now that at least a debate has a good chance of arguing. I don't know if that will lead to any change. I'm planning as though it won't, but I'm going to try my best to help make a change happen.
Ajay Banga: That's a deep question. What it really refers to is how they're going to use our P&L and our business model leverage to drive for growth in our company. And one of the ways is through A&M, but a deeper way is all the strategic initiatives in mobile, e-Commerce, prepaid, that kind of stuff. In fact, in the fourth quarter, we've had a tax benefit and Martina and I took the opportunistic call to use some of that space to actually put some effort and energy back into a couple of the things we were investing in. And I'm going to keep trying to do that. I'm committed to maintaining that 50% operating margin, but I'm also committed to using the dollars above that margin to try and keep building the company for the next 10 years. And I think that this decade in payments is going to be a remarkably different decade. There's going to be changes in form factors. There's going to be changes in competition. Technology is changing everything. And I want to be a part of that change and a part of defining the ecosystem. As I've told you personally and I've told others in the Investor Day and through meetings, that's going to involve taking some risks and putting some money on the table. And I think so long as we are thoughtful about those risks, and we learn from the money we invest, we can really come out these next few years ahead of the curve. And that's what I'm trying to do. If you had talked to me a year, a year and half ago about mobile, you would've heard we were doing some pilots. Then a lot of momentum has come about in the last one year, and mobile network operators and us are engaged in really sensible practical conversations. I don't know which one of these investments in prepaid, in e-Commerce, in mobile, in advertising will hit the ball out of the park, but I think -- maybe none of them will individually -- but put together, they will really position MasterCard the right way for the coming decade. That's what I'm trying to do.
Ajay Banga: Yes, look, this thing is going to be owned 50-50 by us and Telefónica. And it's a [indiscernible] (00:53:14) markets, my whole logic for this is, we'll make money two ways in this JV. One is the single line item that will come through that will reflect the net share of profits that all losses that, that JV will make. That will come through as a plus or a minus on our revenue line. But the other side is, when people use existing MasterCard form factors to spend and there will happen to be a part of this, of the consumers of this JV, that gives me another stream of revenue, which won't show up in this line. It will show up in my regular business line. To me, both those are going to be really interesting because with the partnership for Telefónica, I get a way to reach both types of revenue streams. I'm hopeful that we will get some initial benefit from existing MasterCard kind of consumers. I think reaching out to the unbanked and to provide for financial inclusion does have a longer-term angle to it. But I think both are very interesting aspects for our future. They are investments. This is not the kind of stuff that pays back in day one or month one or quarter one or maybe even in some cases, year one. It depends from one investment to the other. And so I'm not going to make any specific comments on any one investment. But I've got the ability and the thinking within our operating leverage as a company that's set to Adam's question a little while ago, to put some money on the line to help drive and drive the ecosystem that will come about in mobile. And actually, the bigger question to me is, I don't know which way mobile payments will develop. I know they'll develop. I just don't know which way they'll develop. I don't know whether the developing world will end up being somewhat different from the developed world in terms of the nature of how mobile ecosystems get taken up. In the developed world, it may be that contactless becomes more interesting. It may be, I don't know. On the other hand, in the developing world, it may be that SMS-based mobile commerce, mobile payment gateway-based systems may become more interesting. All I'm determined to be is to be a part of that ecosystem each way, to help drive it and to help drive the value generation from that. I don't want to stand on the sideline and watch. And that's kind of what I'm trying to do.
Ajay Banga: First of all, Western Union is a good partner, and they've got some pretty cool distribution and they have their own challenges. But at the end of the day, they're a good partner and we're in regular contact and dialogue with them for business growth in different aspects, not just prepaid with them. Having said that, your question was more about prepaid than Western Union. So the first part is, I have a very low interest in single-use prepaid cards because the P&L impact of those is less than attractive. You just don't get to amortize the acquisition cost of multiple uses of that card. So if you take a gift card and it's the way the prepaid market developed, but the average gift card load in the U.S. used to be, I'm talking a few-months old numbers $75, $80. And there is the average multiple reuse reloadable Social Security kind of card goes all the way to $800, $900, $1,000, so the economics are obvious. And I'm much more interested in the reloadable cards, both for corporate reloadable purposes, payrolls and the like but also for individual general purpose reloadables. And that's where we're putting our effort and energy. Having said that, the biggest market right now is the United States. And the others are beginning to grow, but right now, it's still the U.S. And in the U.S., a lion's share of the market is reloadable cards. And that's kind of where we're focused in the U.S. Outside of the U.S., the market is still developing. In some countries, gift cards are again, the front end of the wedge just as they were in the U.S. In others, it's more the reloadable side. And frankly, if I had my way, I would always be promoting the reloadable ones as you can sense from where I'm going. But in general, the Travelex kind of card is much more a reloadable card and much more focused on that space, as an example than the one-time load. Just as one example.
Ajay Banga: Let me put it for you this way. You've probably been hearing a number of the bank CEOs on their earnings calls over the last few weeks. And that gives you a pretty good sense of the similar form of discussions that they are having with a number of them. It all has to do with their comprehension that the debit card was an integral part of their entire checking account and branch banking business. It wasn't a stand-alone business. And therefore, when they looked at the cost of a checking account or providing branch banking services with ATMs and customer service and phone calls and all that kind of stuff, they view the debit card as helping to provide for good profit margins there. Of course, they also earn profit margins from the spread on the deposits they're taking versus the lending they do. Now on low-interest environment, that's currently a challenge but that's not an always perpetual case. But they basically make money from these two places. And they've got to make it back if it's going to go away in such a large way, away from their P&L. And so the different things they're looking at are the ones they've described. They're looking at fees. A number of them have already put in fees for checking accounts, for ordering checkbooks, for statements. They're looking at fees on different aspects of transactions that impact their earning in their retail banking business. They're looking at reducing the reward levels on their debit card activity. They're looking at fees on debit cards. They're looking at restricting the manner in which debit cards get used, either for large-ticket items because of concerns around fraud losses or at the bottom end, for small-ticket items. And so there's a series of things going on. My concern, which I tried to explain a little earlier, is that this could actually lead to one completely unintended consequence, which is a number of people dropping out from the bottom of getting access to regular banking. And I think that's going to be a circumstance that the United States does not want to confront. We already have 40 million to 45 million people who have -- those estimates vary but those are old estimates -- that don't have the right access to banking, that go to check cashers, that go to payday lenders or unofficial borrowing methodologies for getting their access to money. I just worry about where all this is going, and I think that in an effort to reallocate profits between big banks and big retailers, the dialogue has got to take into account these kinds of consequences. I think that's what the bank CEOs are trying to say, although at the end of the day, given who they are, the dialogue very quickly turns to, "How you will make back your money?" as against, "What's the unintended consequence?" I happen to be in the position where I can focus on the unintended consequences and a little less on how I make back the money, but that's just my luck of where I am today.
Ajay Banga: Yes, absolutely. All over the world, I think this company is making enormous effort with merchants. I actually view my role as being the player between the banks, the merchants and the consumer. And so to me, all three are interesting, and you'll see us focusing on all three categories. I'm driving a lot of thinking, not just on banks of all shapes and sizes and not just on merchants of all shapes and sizes, and I'll give you a few specific examples. But even on focusing on how consumers think about their relationship with merchants and banks as a way of packaging and marketing products to them, that satisfy their needs. So let me give you an example of merchants in specific. Look at Carrefour. Carrefour in France is now one of our most interesting clients and one of our most interesting partners. And some time back, they had already crossed about 2.5 million to 3 million cards issued with us, not just in France but as I was mentioning a little earlier in the call, now even in Romania. And I've missed out a bunch of countries where they're already doing business with us. They're the ones who launched contactless MasterCard-only cards and helped us in fact to take advantage of the changes caused by the separate sort of rules in Europe. Just one example. Walmart in the United States issues our payroll card to their employees. 600,000 of them or so have signed up to get the payroll card with us and not have to get paid by a check, just another way of doing business with them. We do, through advisers, we do business with them on figuring out how to make more money or better targeted marketing to individual customers. We do business with airlines and Internet merchants across the world in different ways. With Amazon, we had an Amazon Gift Finder towards the end of last year. We are their chosen partner of choice in many countries around the world. I could just keep going with this list here. So is there more to be done? 100%. Am I satisfied with where we are on building merchant relationships? No. But do I feel better about it today than two years ago? Absolutely.
Ajay Banga: Yes, Andrew. If it all goes through the way it is right now and the convergence does happen, clearly, there's going to be, over a period of time, some change in the way this thing is looked at because the merchants will have a different view, the banks will have a different view, and consumers will want to choose based on what card they have. But it's very interesting. If you think about MasterCard, we were the guys who focused on PIN debit in the United States for many years through our eventual costs in some ways on our market share with inadequate focus on signature debit. You know that Maestro is the leader in PIN debit around the world and is the only actual, if you think about Cirrus and Maestro, those are the only global interoperable schemes. And so to me, PIN debit is in many ways, an interesting aspect of providing consumers access to their own money in that sense. In India, the State Bank of India issues, they're our single largest issuer of debit cards, Maestro cards, anywhere in the world today has one issuer. Again, PIN debit-based. So yes, I think PIN debit's going to be an interesting evolution. The way we're looking at it, I'm prepared to go both ways because I'm very confused about which way this exclusivity rule will go. And I clearly hope it doesn't go the way of two signature and two PIN because that will just be confusion confounded. But who knows? But if it doesn't go that way and it goes one signature and one unaffiliated PIN or one PIN and one unaffiliated signature, then I believe that as the interchanges converge, that there is an increasing role for PIN. I don't know if it will be as profitable as the past for all the parties involved, but there will be a role. And I am very much willing to use our global schemes to play in that space.
Ajay Banga: Okay, so fortunately, I'm not a lawyer either. That's the good news. But let me spill a little bit more about this, Tien-Tsin, just for a second. And I do have Noah sitting here who's my General Counsel, who's looking a little disturbed at my saying “fortunately.” Neither you nor I are lawyers but, hey, that's what makes us decent guys. So you have the deal, all the jokes aside. By entering into this judgment and settlement sharing agreement, what we're doing is we've defined and capped a percentage of our financial exposure in the case of an adverse kind of judgment or settlement. And the percentage that we've agreed to in the sharing agreement is what that will come out at rather than potentially 100%. So in the event of a global settlement, which involves Visa, involves the bank defendants and involves MasterCard, MasterCard would pay 12% of the monetary portion of the settlement. However, in the event of a settlement which involves only MasterCard and the defendant banks with respect to their MasterCard issuance, which could happen, then MasterCard would pay 36% of the monetary portion of that settlement. So that's the difference between those two numbers. This same percentage is, just to clarify, apply in the event that any of the cases go to trial and an adverse monetary judgment is rendered on any of those cases. Now where this came about was based on lots of negotiation. What we are pleased about is at least our share is not capped. Also importantly for us, Tien-Tsin, the covered cases in these agreements kind of parallel the cases that are covered as a part of Visa's retrospective liability plan, meaning in English, the covered cases include the existing proposed class action and the individual merchant actions, as well as any future opt-out merchant actions. So it's the whole lot. I don't know if the merchant cases will settle or not, which is to the latter part of your question. Just to engage in confidential mediation efforts, all the defendants are still awaiting decisions on their motions to dismiss. The court has not yet ruled on the merchant's motion for class edification. So everybody's kind of working on an additional round of briefings. No trial date has been set. This stuff is still very much up in the air as far as all that is concerned. All we've got done is get a value to our share of the responsibility. The 12%, if it's a global settlement, the 36%, if it's MasterCard, and the defendant banks for their share of the MasterCard issuance. I'm almost a lawyer.
Ajay Banga: Well, look, my first perspective is that the signature exclusivity is actually only a subset of a much bigger issue, which is the issue around why a government is involved in setting prices between two economic parties, banks and retailers. I'm struggling with that. And I'm struggling with how they would be better able to define market value than the negotiations that happen on a daily basis between banks and retailers. So that's my bigger issue. I think exclusivity, whether it's signature only, whether it's one signature, one unaffiliated PIN, whether it's, God forbid, two signatures and two unaffiliated PINs, I don't know. I don't know which one of those will come out. And frankly, my perspective on that is, if that's the only option I have, at least I will find a way to make an opportunity out of that just because of my starting position on market share in the United States. That's all I'm saying on it, right? That's kind of where I'm coming from.
Ajay Banga: No, I'm planning on the basis that what's been proposed right now goes right through. That's the way I'm working inside the company, and there are a few of us who are dealing with this situation on the outside are the ones who are working the hardest to try and make whatever effort we can to make our point of view heard. But the company, 99.9% of the company is focused on, this is going through the way it is right now. That's, to me, the only responsible way to work this.
Ajay Banga: That one, I'm confused about. I'm talking about the absolute level of compensation that the Fed seems to have decided as appropriate for the system.
Ajay Banga: I think, I'm quite certain that the merchants would want to raise that whenever they can and they have for many years. But I don't believe that in this currently changed political circumstances that, that is the first priority of anybody in the system. And of course, by the way, as you know, the rationale becomes a very different feature. You're going to look at the losses on the credit book that banks take versus the benefits that the merchants get in that kind of circumstance. There's a whole different set of arguments. But having said that, that's logic and logic is only so good up to a point. So I'm alert to it. We are actively discussing it but at the end of the day, I don't see any movement on it.
Ajay Banga: Thanks. So let me leave you with a few closing thoughts, and thank you for being here today through our conversation. 2010 was just not without its challenges, right? The challenges impacting our performance were kind of primarily the result of economic softness, primarily in the United States, as well as, as you well know, the roll off of a few debit portfolios, some of which we still have this lapping issue that Martina talked about for the early part of 2011. But despite those challenges, we did grow net revenue almost 9% and EPS over 25%. This is fueled by kind of the war on cash as I call it around the world. We saw double-digit volume growth in Latin America, in Europe, interestingly, but also in the Asia/Pacific, the Middle East and Africa. And we left 2010 in a much different place from where we started. The U.S. economy continues to show some improvement. We have not only worked through the roll off of the debit portfolios but we actually won significant new business across the globe. That is contributing to our results and will contribute to our results in the next couple of years.  Additionally, you've already begun to see us execute our growth strategy that we believe will position us for strong long-term growth. So I'm looking at capturing more than our current or fair share of the 85% of transactions around the globe that today are conducted with cash and checks. Those are expensive ways of transacting, and the cost of those methods of transacting are borne by society and not clear to everybody, but they're expensive. So the war on cash makes eminent sense for governments, for consumers, for banks and for merchants. So these efforts we are making include recent moves such as the acquisition of DataCash, the pending acquisition of Travelex's Card Program Management business and, of course, things like the Telefónica joint venture, all of which include an increased focus on consumers. And you will see more. And, of course, 2011 is not going to be without its challenges. The U.S. economy still has its housing and unemployment issues to work through and there's the U.S. debit regulation that we just talked about that we will have to navigate as well. And I'm pretty sure other challenges will come up around the world in different ways. But as we enter 2011, I enter with some optimism. And as I've stated earlier, we will manage through all this and continue to build our share of electronic payments globally. So thank you for your time today, and thank you for your commitment to our company.
