Robert Selander: Thanks, Barbara, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start out by saying how pleased I am that we've been able to deliver another strong quarter of earnings results. This is indicative of both the underlying momentum of our business, as well as some encouraging signs of economic recovery in pockets around the world. In the first quarter, we saw net revenue growth of 13.1% on an as-reported basis, and 10.2% on a constant-currency basis. Gross dollar volume, or GDV, grew 8.3% on a local-currency basis. We continue to see growth in processed transactions, and cross-border volumes have returned to double-digit growth. We maintained solid expense control, which allowed us to expand our operating margin nearly five percentage points from last year's first quarter. All of this helped fuel net income growth of almost 24% for the quarter, or approximately 19% on a constant-currency basis. We believe that some of the improvements we saw in the quarter can be attributed to recent positive macroeconomic data points. For example, the stabilization of unemployment rates in United States as well as increased consumer confidence, although still at low levels, were likely contributors to increased spending in discretionary categories and to the improvement we saw in U.S. credit volume. While credit growth in the U.S. was still negative for the quarter, we've moved beyond the double-digit declines of 2009. During the month of March, we saw positive growth in processed U.S. credit volume for the first time in approximately 18 months. This trend continue through the first four weeks of April. Given the challenges we've all faced over the last 18 months or so, it is encouraging to see signs that the global recovery is continuing across a number of countries, specifically in Russia, India, China and Brazil. As many of you are aware, many economists now observe that the global economy has reached a self-sustaining momentum. This is particularly evident across emerging market environments. I recently returned from a series of business meetings across Asia, and I was struck by the overwhelming sentiment of optimism that many of our customers have about their future business opportunities.  This is in contrast to some of my recent interaction with bankers in the U.S. and Western Europe, who have been more cautious. Nonetheless, we continue to see improvements across a number of economic indicators, which bode well for our business. Excluding the U.S. region, we saw strong GDV growth of approximately 15% on a local-currency basis for the quarter. I'd now like to introduce Ajay Banga, MasterCard's next Chief Executive Officer and the newest member of the company's Board of Directors. Over the course of the succession planning process, our Board focused on identifying someone who possesses both leadership skills and proven results. Ajay has a career that is rich and bold. His industry knowledge, his deep background in financial services, his experience working in numerous geographies have all prepared him well for this role and make him the perfect CEO to lead MasterCard into the future. As we work together over the past eight months, I have been very impressed by his thoughtful and energetic approach to business.  For me, it has been challenging and exciting to have led the company for the past 13 years. I'm proud of how our company has demonstrated strong, consistent performance. Importantly, we built an incredible set of assets that offer a true competitive advantage, including: a world-renowned brand and our iconic Priceless advertising platform; a global technology network that is second to none, offering incredible flexibility and customization opportunities for customers; and employees who are deeply experienced, knowledgeable and passionate about the payments business. I look forward to continuing my current role, and then transitioning to the Executive Vice Chairman role in July. And now, I'd like to turn it over to Ajay to provide some comments on our business.
Robert Selander: As you probably know, Conyers and Durban have been making various proposals in the U.S. Congress, and there are some amendments that have been put forward in terms of the financial regulatory reform bills that are currently being looked at and debated in the Senate. From our perspective, we believe that these continue to be pushed by the Merchants Payments Coalition. And the motivation behind these is really to put merchants in the position where they don't pay their fair share. At the end of the day, someone's going to have to pay this. And to the degree these amendments as some of them seem to be getting structured or to move through, then consumers would wind up being penalized. So we're paying attention to these things. We think that Congress understands that you can't give anybody a free lunch. And so we hope that that's the way they think about it as they work through financial regulatory reform.
Robert Selander: David, I think you're referring to the press coverage over an agreement reached by Visa with the European Commission. And I think it was limited to debit, cross-border within Europe and potentially in a couple of individual markets in terms of the debit interchange fees. As you probably recall, it was over a year ago that we reached an agreement with the European Commission on both debit, as well as consumer credit cross-border interchange fees within Europe. The way that I think I've described this in the past is, is it gave some stability in terms of our issuers and acquirers understanding the nature of what was happening with regard to interchange fees. It's supported the principle of interchange fees that we thought was very important. But it was also done at levels that were lower than what we think is appropriate and necessary to support continued investment in the business by issuers in Europe. And that's why we also indicated that we're continuing our appeal to European Commission decision in the Court of First Instance. And we expect that will probably make its way through the court system later this year or early next year.
Robert Selander: Thanks. As evidenced through our great performance and the accomplishments in the first quarter, we are committed to leveraging the strength of our global network, processing capabilities, our strong relationships with customers and our product development platform to drive payments innovation and business results for our issuers, acquirers and our other partners around the world. We remain very optimistic about our future growth prospects. MasterCard is well positioned to take advantage of the recovery. We are fortunate to be part of an industry that offers tremendous opportunity for growth, and the payment trends are working in our favor. Consumers, merchants, businesses and governments all over the world continue to migrate towards electronic payments. Thanks for joining us, and have a great day, everybody.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Tien-Tsin, it's Martina. There is nothing specific really to call out. We are seeing some better momentum in Europe, but we can't really point to any specific factors at this point.
Martina Hund-Mejean: If you are just talking about over the recent issues that Europe has regarding Greece and some of the other countries, we really have not seen any impact on our numbers related to those kind of issues.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Julio, as in now, it's always very difficult to predict what happens on a quarter-by-quarter basis, because it depends on when we really sign a contract. And at that point in time, you have to consider what the accounting implications are. But for the whole year, we said that contra at this point in time is forecasted to be at the percent between 26% and 27%. And that is really based on the kind of volumes that we are forecasting, as well in particular cross-border volumes. Because obviously, as you know, it's part of the rebates and incentives. We have really, we have the cross-border pricing structure in there. For this particular quarter, rebates and incentives grew by $103 million, roughly half of that or $55 million was related to the cross-border pricing structure. In the other half, you can pretty much divvy up between new and renewed agreements, as well as volume growth. And we would expect that for the next few quarters, we are seeing something very similar. The one thing that I just want to highlight a little bit, we do expect SunTrust starting to convert in the fourth quarter. And that would be an impact on our financials right then and there, because we have a conversion going on. And as you know, as part of the conversion, you typically have to take some of the costs of that into your P&L in period.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, I mean, puts and takes is obviously both on the overall volume, as well as in transaction growth. We do have some headwinds, so we'd like you to take those into account, because we're really not being finished -- we are not going to be finished with the headwinds until the fourth quarter has rolled around, and including the fourth quarter. And then we are seeing some better numbers in cross-border volume than we otherwise saw before, but we'll have to see how that's going to go forward.
Martina Hund-Mejean: We are seeing some trends that people are willing to do a bit more discretionary purchases versus the nondiscretionary purchases. As you know, most of our cards are really everyday cards, so you're using them every day. So we definitely see the nondiscretionary purchases continuing and toping up a little bit with the discretionary side. The only real data that we have published in the past is really from the MasterCard SpendingPulse. And when you look at some of that data that is out there, you can see that some of the discretionary items, such as what's happening from a furniture industry point of view, what's happening from an electronic industry point of view, when you look at the jewelry kind of area, the things are picking up; albeit they're still back to fairly low levels compared to like 2006 and 2007, so hopefully we'll see a lot more to come. But we are starting to see the consumers coming back into the market.
Martina Hund-Mejean: First of all, on the timing of the customer losses, we are pretty much I think done in terms of having seen the impact in our first quarter completed on one significant customer in the U.S. And we still have one other customer standing out there, which is the WaMu for the rest of the year. And that's going to come off and fit some screws over the rest of the year. In the U.K., we are through one of the portfolios probably like 50%, 60% and maybe the other portfolio also would still run through to the rest of the year. So Sanjay, you're really going to see for the rest of the year still some headwinds, both -- some are volume as well as some transaction point of view. On the rebates and incentive line, I think I really can't add anything more than what I already said, which means in Q4, we are probably going to see the impact from SunTrust. But we are not ready to establish any new baseline going forward.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jason, when we look at 2011, there is no really sizable renewal of a MasterCard portfolio.There is another sizable renewal of a competitor portfolio in 2011. What we have is one sizable renewable in 2012, one in 2013 and one in 2014. So that's still way out. But obviously, what we will be doing is we will be, from a competitive point of view, trying to make sure that we expand where MasterCards are being issued. So that will be our approach in 2011.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Chris, I have to draw you back on in terms of what we are talking about pricing initiatives, is one, we've got -- we obviously looking at what kind of value we provide to the customer and what kind of pricing these changes we might have to do in order to be competitive. And that's really in the main how we're looking at it. And in the past, we've been saying that on a -- for the 2009, 2011 period, our run rate for pricing was kind of in the 200 basis points as though. So we're not looking at this any different. Obviously, we'll be reassessing as we are coming closer to September and our investor community day in terms of where we're going to go from here. But at this point in time, this is a pretty good viewpoint, and it's fairly consistent what we said in the past.
Martina Hund-Mejean: No. I mean, what I can tell you only is really from a volume point of view, because transactions are clearly difficult, I mean, in terms of drawing any conclusions because of the loss of the portfolios. But from a volume point of view, what we have seen is that January was an okay month. It was a little bit later in February, and then March should really kind of snap back. And when we look at the average of the quarter that we just said both for the U.S. and for the rest of the world, we're seeing in April exactly the same average at this point in time. That's for domestic volumes. And then for the cross-border side, our 10.9% that we set for the first quarter on average, that's a little bit higher when we look at the April numbers.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. And just to add to this, as you know, I mean, we have pretty steady-state capital expenditures. We don't expect anything different for the rest of this year from a capital expenditure point of view. But what you're also seeing is, as we are adding to our capital, our depreciation and amortization expense does go up and it will go up again this year.
Ajay Banga: Tien-Tsin, it's Ajay. We're already present in the gateway business for quite some time. We've had the MiGS, as you know, MasterCard Internet Gateway System [MasterCard Gateway Service] in Asia for quite a while. And that's a relatively large gateway of system. It's the biggest actually, one of the biggest in the Asia Pacific. We've got plans to expand our gateway footprint with gateways that are part of our mobile strategy, as well as part of our launching in tandem with Itaú [Itaú Unibanco] in Brazil. So gateways as such are interesting, but I think all e-commerce strategy goes past the gateways to looking at how you offer cardholders a more rewarding and more finely tuned, unique and personalized offers of online shopping, which is what the MasterCard MarketPlace is about. It also is about giving merchants access to new customers and getting incremental sales from existing customers and reducing the amount of abandoned shopping carts, which is again what the better conversion ratio of things like the MarketPlace is about. And of course, it's about enabling issuers to have a much stronger link with their cardholders. So within MarketPlace, gateways, R&D and our E-commerce business, MasterCard Labs, the mobile strategy, you'll find us focusing on this space in many different ways over the next couple of years.
Ajay Banga: What difference will you see? Look, I believe that this company has just built off an outstanding foundation. I have said this publicly. I have said it in employee meetings. You're not first one to ask me this question, as you can imagine. I don't have any plans to dramatically change things than the company's working the right way. People change things when you feel that things are broken. This is not in that kind of form. It's a company with an outstanding track record of revenue growth and profit growth. There are things to do which we are working on, which we have been working on not just since I joined but from earlier. And one of those is to focus on innovation as a way of differentiating our company and our products, both for our clients but also for their customers, the ultimate cardholders and the ultimate payment originators and receivers. So that's kind of how you'll find us very focused. We've got a series of thoughts around innovation. You're going to hear more when we meet in September. But a little bit about can be talked about to date, be it the launch of MasterCard Labs, which is really an attempt to focus on innovation effort by bringing technology and business people together in one organization, with an effort to fast-track ideas and bring them out the door. The second part has to do with ideas in e-commerce and mobile banking and mobile e-commerce. I think it's not, as I said, not just gateways. Gateways are oriented more towards how a merchant experiences the event. There's wallets that are oriented more to our customer experience in the event. But then there's all these other things you can do with things like the MasterCard MarketPlace to make that customer have a more enriching experience and the merchant have a more successful outcome. So you'll see us focusing on e-commerce. You'll see us focusing on prepaid. You'll see us focusing on reward schemes. There's some articles that have come out recently about things they're trying to do with reward schemes. This is all WIP, work in our process. I think on the build versus buy, in all honesty, there's no straight answer to these things. It depends a little bit on what you see in the marketplace, when it fits to just strategic priority. First, it must bring something to you, you do not possess, either in the form of distribution or products or people. Secondly, it must fit with your hurdles in terms of what you expect to make back from the money we invest on behalf of our shareholders. And if it doesn't fit those two primary criteria, we'll build it. And I don't have a real answer. It depends on issue by issue, item by item, circumstance by circumstance. This company invested money a little a while ago in buying Orbiscom to get hold of inControl, which was IP-protected. And I would tell you that we are beginning to see a lot of interest in all my travels in the last -- just three months, I have been to different markets. I've been to Russia, Turkey, Poland, India, the U.K., Brazil, Colombia, Mexico and Canada, in addition to the U.S. And I'm telling you that clients everywhere, senior managers and those clients, really understand what inControl is about. Bob has been all over Asia in the last month. He's been to Australia, to Hong Kong, to Singapore, to China and back. And he has the same experience that they've been having on this topic. So, yes -- would that have been a good buy? Yes, because we couldn't have built that ourselves compared to having an intellectually-property-protected item we could have picked up when we bought Orbiscom. So there's no real answer. It's an answer on what's right for that strategic priority. Resources between U.S. and international, I don't know that yet. I don't know the answer to that. I think you will find that the way I look at this business and the way Bob has been looking at it, is that while we believe that the international markets, not just the developing markets by the way, we believe even developed Europe has opportunities that is relatively well positioned in that marketplace. And with some more opportunities coming through it, I believe that the world outside of the United States is an attractive place for our growth. We already get 55% of our revenue from outside of the United States roughly, and that's already higher than a number of other companies in our space. That doesn't mean that we would believe we should invest less in the United States. I think the United States is still the bedrock of our business, and we need to grow there and demonstrate revenue growth in that marketplace. But I think you'll find us thoughtfully investing in both spaces as the opportunities come along.
Ajay Banga: Yes, a couple of things that might be of interest to you, is our H&R Block prepaid card, which we've got going with us. We've also got the Wal-Mart payroll card recently, which allows us to issue payroll cards to Wal-Mart employees, who otherwise would have taken a check and have to go to a check-casher to get out their cash. So there's a series of these events, the U.S. government Visa -- Martina just talked, she mentioned Italy and the Italian post office. We've also had a deal with Univision for a prepaid card and that appeals directly, as you can imagine, to the kind of community that looks at Univision as a source of news and entertainment vault. And so we're trying to focus our prepaid efforts you will find in many different direction: one, being the government space; two, being the consumer general focus, reloadable space. Those two are very interesting because of the of the profitability and reuse dynamics of those. If you think about a gift card, a gift card is a onetime acquisition with an average of $70 or $80 loaded on it. Whereas a general focus, reloadable or a Social Security card tends to create $800 a month on the average, and people last there for a year or two years. You can imagine the profitability, dynamics of that are more interesting than that of a gift card. It doesn't mean gift cards are not interesting, just means the others are somewhat more attractive. The whole prepaid space, be it corporate payroll and benefits of the medical reimbursement cards, there's just a series of phases with Accor Services, our JV in Europe, that we are working on. So I don't know how to exactly tell you that there'll be something specific that will come in next 18 months. You'll just see us working very hard at each and every one of these opportunities to get into the opportunity as it grows. but also to tap into more pieces of the value chain as we go along.
Ajay Banga: Let me take that for a second. During the process of evaluating all those terms, it's my understanding and our understanding that the existing MasterCard-branded Continental cards will remain MasterCard-branded for the life of the account. So I don't know what else opportunities or issues may come along as this merger goes through. It's very early days, and so that's kind of the way they are right now.
Ajay Banga: Look, I think being Present in the debit market in the United States, which is certainly a growth category is without doubt, something we have want to play in. We are already a reasonable player. Some of the transactions that have happened in the last few years have not worked in the favor of this company, in terms of being able to hold on to some of that business. But we're making progress. We have made progress with SunTrust. We've made progress with a number of different-sized banks as well. Yes, you will find us focused on growing our debit book, but focused on growing it with transactions that make sense for our company. And there are many other opportunities as well. I believe prepaid is another opportunity at getting at a similar pay now, in fact, pre-funded card. And so there's many ways to grow our presence in the non-credit space, and you'll find us making efforts on all those fronts.
Ajay Banga: Look, I think we've -- the concept of being in processing both in some ways issuer processing and acquirer processing, is not a bad thing for a company in our space. And some of our competition talks about it as well. We've got a -- let's say a process, a technology called IPS, Integrated Processing Solutions, that we have got signed up with a few customers and we are very focused on rolling that out for the issuer processing side. I think there's a series of things that we've been doing on the acquirer processing site in a number countries. In some countries, they may actually have to do that underground to establish certain presence on the ground as part of the terms of doing business in those countries. So you will find us thoughtfully looking at all these opportunities to grow our presence. And hopefully, you've heard a little bit more about this when we meet in September.
Ajay Banga: Well, actually, I thought I did talk about remittances, it's in passing, that it's true. But that's not because of the fact that it's not playing a role. We've got a series of pilots around the world in different corridors of money transfer remittances, between the UAE and certain countries. We're in the process of looking at a pilot between the United States and Mexico. So we've got a series of pilots around the world, and that is actually part of the whole space, mostly in mobile banking and mobile commerce that we're looking at as a process. It's also possible to look at remittances cross-border in the prepaid space, particularly with U.S. payroll on the one side and recipients on the other. And there's some word going on in that space as well.
Ajay Banga: We make upgrades to our processing network on a fairly frequent basis. In fact, twice a year is what we are doing right now. It's a structured process. Our issuers and acquirers are very much a part of this whole process, because they have to do work at their end depending on which elements of this upgrade they wish to take into their systems. It just so happens the ones we've done in the recent past had a couple of interesting features; and there one being the remote point redemption methodology, which is yet to be rolled out commercially, and so it's a little premature to talk about it. And another one being the whole fraud detection methodology. There's some built-in capabilities in Asia Pacific and in Latin America. There's a series of these. And so each of our upgrades have this been built into our system with a few new features in each. So I don't know that you should read more into it in terms of kind of any incremental investment cost because of that. This is something we've been doing for years. It doesn't mean there won't be incremental investments and strategic business ideas. I just wouldn't to read too much into it based on the fact that there is an upgrade.
Ajay Banga: Well, I was in Brazil just last week actually, when this announcement was happening. And I have the opportunity to meet both Bradesco and Banco do Brasil; which by the way, are actually very more aligned with our competitors and with us. So this question's probably better answered by them in some way. My general sense of where they're trying to go on that, the government of Brazil is trying to go, is to help find a way to increase the level of bankerization. It a bad word, but it's what it means. It's the bankerization, the extent of banking that is provided to individuals in their country. They have made a series of attempts over the last the last seven, eight years, including the expansion of the ability of merchants, drug stores and convenience stores, to even do basic cash availability and transactions of that size on behalf of banks. It's trying to provide access to people to come into the banking system. And I think what they are trying to do with Banco do Brasil and Bradesco, which are very large banks, in addition to Banco Itaú, which is also a very bank -- but these two have attempted to go out and create this new bank in which they are looking for a local debit scheme but also for local use, that's also attached some processing assets into it. In all honestly, I don't expect major changes over the short and medium term. As both these clients -- they were very clear that they intend to the keep issuing other brands. In fact, I specifically understood from them that their commitment and intentions with MasterCard remain exactly the same. So having said that, when somebody launches a local debit scheme in a marketplace, it doesn't back the market. It'll take some business, their percentage away from the global payment schemes. But the global payment schemes bring different things to the table, and the total market should grow as a result of this effort. So I think the opportunity in Brazil is much bigger than this issue share, would either pull down or up. So I think there's so many other opportunities in Brazil to grow the business for us and our competitors. And I think there's a much better position there that we all need to occupy and invest in.
