Martina Hund-Mejean: Well look, first of all, I think what you saw in the first quarter was very similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter, so there was really a continuation in terms of how the US consumer feels. The first three weeks of the second quarter, so that is April, first of all as I tell you always, it doesn't really make a quarter. But you have the effect of Easter in there, right, because Easter was in March, not in April, and that typically happens to be a bigger effect in the United States.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Bill, look, first of all, a couple of thoughts. Our investments does bounce around by quarter or quarter, but we don't give really a quarterly outlook for you, so you're really going to have to think about the high single digit as reported numbers for OpEx in total that I was just telling you about. And that does include all of our operating expenses, including the foreign exchange losses that we booked in the first quarter. So hopefully by knowing the first quarter, you are able to chart out the next three quarters for the year given that we're giving guidance for the high single digit number. In terms of operating leverage, what we have said when we looked at our business, and we do that actually every year, that we feel very comfortable with an operating margin in excess of 50%. Remember, we are really running the business for revenue growth, so for top line growth, which means that we are having to make a number of investments in on the OpEx side in order to generate the bottom line growth. So we are holding that as a metric, and at this point in time, the heavy duty investments that are happening is in the digital arena, is in the data analytics arena as well as in the safety and security arena.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, and in fact, the underlying G&A growth of 11%, when you actually extrapolate that to operating expense growth, so same basis, taking out the acquisitions as well as the foreign exchange losses, it was 8%.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So you would look at the operating expense growth of 8% versus a revenue growth of 14%. So you can actually see that there is positive leverage.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah, the areas really haven't changed in terms of what we have told you before, which is in the processing arena, in the information services arena, in the loyalty arena. Technology is really important for us. But those areas really have not changed.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, Darrin, first of all, these were pricing actions that were introduced last April, April 2015, so that means they have anniversaried now with the first quarter. So you're not going see that in any significant way in Q2. And secondly, from an intra/inter European mix, that means the relative growth rates of those cross-border volumes, we really haven't seen much of a difference there. It was a little bit less of a drag than we had in the prior quarters, but it was still a drag.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, Moshe, first of all, the competitive environment has not changed, right. I mean, we have really said that it's always competitive in terms of winning a business. Price is always one factor, but what really plays is what kind of product suites you can offer and how we sell in to a customer. But the price equation has not changed, and you can actually see that from our rebates level in terms of what we're saying for the whole year. We have not changed our view whatsoever, but you do know that we can never perfectly forecast when we sign a particular deal for renewal. So that happens to be here in the first quarter. We have a few more renewals that we signed that we had charted out for the rest of the year.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So I think we got pretty much, I mean, every year, we have one or two significant renewals. But at this point, I think we pretty much have gotten our hands around these renewals. Remember, when renewals happen, you typically work at least 12 to 18 months ahead of the renewal of that particular customer, so we got our hands around that pretty well for this year.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah, Bryan, look, in terms of the slowing on the cross-border, we obviously see a number of factors. One, certain countries have certain economic issues, so you can put in there Brazil, Venezuela, Russia, Nigeria. So there's a swath of countries who just economically having a really tough time, and you don't see a lot of outbound travel from there. Secondly, there are a number of other countries that just impacted by the stronger dollar, right. So you can see Australia, Canadian dollar. So that number of, those economies that are actually doing okay, but they're not traveling in dollar-indexed countries as much just because the dollar is so strong. And even though we saw a little bit of a weakening of the dollar for the first quarter, it's still at a very, very high level. So I think you will see all of that coming through this year, albeit at a lower level of impact than what we saw in 2015. In terms of reconciling it to competitors, that's a tough one, right. I mean you're going to have to ask them how they do their methodology, but I would presume that outside of Europe, we're seeing relatively similar trends, other than that I hope that we have a little bit of a better growth rate given all of the activities that Ajay has mentioning we are undertaking with various portfolios.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well look, when you talk about local processing, I presume you're talking about issuer processing and acquiring processing, the assets that Ajay was talking about in his script. And we have told you before that typically those kind of assets produce a lower yielding transaction than what we see in our switch transaction, so in off-clear and settlement. But the purpose for us is not just to be making money on that processing piece. The primary purposes is that we're doing this in countries where we typically don't switch the transaction. So that means it's a different means for us to be actually seeing the transaction, and then what we do with the transaction is utilizing it for additional services. So as soon as we see a transaction, we can for instance put our safety and security products in it. We can do data analytics in it. So you kind of have to look at this whole picture holistically, not just at the yield that that processed transaction actually produces.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah. Now, you had a specific question on revenue yield. Remember how we do revenue yield, right. You're actually looking at switched transactions when you look at the transaction processing fee. That switched transaction does not have included the processed transaction that's coming out of our issuer and acquiring processing. So when you just calculate normal yields, albeit on the domestic assessment side, be it on the cross-border side, be it on the transaction processing side, you're not going to see that impact.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah, so let me just take this one moment. First of all, what we said that our services business roundabout are approaching about 25% of our total revenues. And yes, we did say that the margin is around 40% at this point in time. There is a whole mix of different businesses in there. So what I just said about the processing business, typically that is a much lower margin type of business. When you look at some of the information services businesses, it's a higher margin, and when you look at the safety and security business, it's an even higher margin. So Dan, I can't just mix them all together because there's just a number of facets in there. But what we are doing, and this is what we said, is given that we have done a number of acquisitions, folding them together with our assets, we have made, and you remember maybe the restructuring charge that we took 15 months ago or so, we have actually made some really good progress to be increasing the margin of these businesses over time.
Martina Hund-Mejean: James, so first of all, any impact that we expected from the separation of scheme and processing in Europe was already folded into our performance objectives as well as any commentary that I made about 2016 in terms of operating expenses. So it is all folded in. What we really have to do is we have to separate the switching business into an isolated unit. It's not a legal separation; it's a functional separation. It reports separately from our European President, Javier Perez. It has to have obviously enough of a substance in there so that the unit can go to market as well as that it can do its middle office and back office functions. And so you should expect that while it is a smaller unit, that it will be very well seated with the right kind of people, and it will have some impact on our operating expenses, but as I said, this is already all factored into our commentary.
Ajay Banga: And in Europe, probably. Those are the two places where Easter has some impact. You'll see less impact from Easter in the other regions of the world. So right now, we got no further conclusion for you, Glenn.
Ajay Banga: Very early days, small impact right now. But I'm sure that will build as we told you over the course of the year and into next year.
Ajay Banga: At the end of the day, if you take out the currencies, our revenue growth was 14% in our G&A growth if you take out these one-timers was 11%. That's kind of how we are running the company on a daily basis. We may have quarters when the gap between the two will be wider. We may have quarters when it's a little narrower, because that's the point that Martina was making. We don't really manage that on a quarterly basis. What we try and do for the year as a whole is to make sure that we have good revenue growth and put money back into the priority areas. That's kind of what you're seeing in our underlying business. FX and balance sheet remeasurement and stuff of that type, it's important. It matters to a shareholder, but if I let that interfere with the way I'm investing in digital and data and safety and security, I don't think that would be the right thing to do. So that's how we're trying to run the place.
Ajay Banga: Okay, Sanjay, got to wait for Visa to get through with acquisition processes. You heard on their call, they have got some timing change and some construct changes in that. I think the construct changes actually make it simpler for the banks to evaluate what they are getting and what they are not. And so that's actually a good thing for everybody. And the timing change will just have an impact on how these deals progress over time. So we're working our way through it and we're working hard in Europe. And M&A, I presume you're asking about broad ideas on M&A. And broad ideas on M&A aren't any different from what I've told you in the past, which is some deals have come across. We see deals every quarter. We end up probably seeing sometimes as much as 15 to 20 deals. We end up doing one or two, if we're lucky, in the course of a period of time. A couple of years ago, we did more than that. It just depends. It depends on if it's what we need for product or geography or expansion of capabilities. But we are actively looking all the time.
Ajay Banga: Yeah, Moshe, so there is actually a little bit of that, as Martina was just referring. We're trying to build out capabilities in the areas we've identified over the last three years in our strategic plans and our investor days. Basically, that's in processing, so we get to see more transactions and we get beyond the clearing, authorizing and settlement space of the existing card kind of business. So that's why you saw us doing, and you saw in my opening remarks the commentary on the different processing entities and how they fit into what we are doing. It could be in the DataCash kind of space, which is the Payments Gateway area. It could be with things like Provus and Trevica. Those are all in the regular transaction processing spaces, or it could be in any space that allows us to get to see more transactions. When six, seven years ago, we used to see under 40% of our transactions, we now see close to 50%. That enables us to do a better job with our core products, but even more importantly, with our Information Services and Advisors and Safety and Security products, which is where we're putting some emphasis. So that's the second area beyond processing. Anything that gives us capabilities, strength, geography, product knowledge or skill sets in data analytics, in safety and security, in information services, in loyalty and rewards, hence the acquisitions in Australia that we've done. That's all about those spaces. And we haven't wavered off that. And you know, you read speculation every once in a while, and speculation is speculation until we can announce anything to you. So don't take it to the bank.
Ajay Banga: So Tien-tsin, some of it is just that remember for a while, our issuer mix was underperforming soon after and for many years after the crisis. If you look at the reports, you'll find it so happens that our issuer mix is back into growing its volumes and its businesses, and so we're kind of riding that tailwind in our sales in addition to all the other stuff that's going in and out. But the wins and losses you're well aware of. There's almost nothing that you don't know other than smaller institutions, which won't move the numbers the way you think about them. They could move yield but they are unlikely move transaction numbers. And so you'll find our consumer credit and our commercial credit in the first quarter actually both are up over the fourth quarter and both are also kind of doing okay of the course of the year. It's ins and outs, that's in all of them. But most of it would have to do, just exact number for this quarter, would have to do with issuer mix rather than anything dramatic in terms of wins or losses.
Ajay Banga: Not yet, Tien-tsin. As I said, that's why I use that comment of Barbara about steady as she goes. I'm really keen to make this period run through in that form of steady focus.
Ajay Banga: And by the way, in the cross-border business, in fact, I think that's the other thing you'd like to get a little insight into, the markets that are suffering in terms of our recognizing cross-border business from them are no different from what you would think. Brazil is slower. Nigeria is slower. Canada is a little slower. That's kind of what you would have expected. And China for example, actually is slower into the US but not into other markets. The Chinese cross-border travel seems to be up in a Japan, in an Australia, a little slower into the United States. So all of that is inside the numbers that you see. And that's kind of how you should think about cross-border. We work very hard on cross-border because it's an important part of our business, and the results of our cross-border effort is literally a result of 35,000 different initiatives happening all over the world in different countries on helping to make cross-border be a predictable and good part of our business.
Ajay Banga: They're all factored into the guidance that she gave you that during the conversation when she was speaking about the fact that our rebates and incentives as a whole, which also include by the way the impact of better volumes. Remember that we are also paying for volume. So there's not just deals, although that's what you're asking about. There's also volume. And volumes are that, just said in reply to Tien-tsin's question, some of our issuer mix is doing better than they used to. So that's all inside that, and she's factored all that in when she said that you should expect rebates and incentives for the year as a whole to be a little lower than what you saw last year, which was around 20%. In the high teens I think are the words that Martina has been using.
Ajay Banga: I think this whole mobile space, Jason, is such a fluid and moving space that everybody's trying to figure out what will be the next holy grail. And in truth, I think nobody actually knows. And I think, as I've said many times, it's going to take a few years for this to settle. That's why even companies like ours in mobile, you've seen us place effort, energy, money, bets in everything from whether the transaction data is on the handset or it's in the cloud, whether we are working with mobile network operators or hardware manufacturers or distributors and that stuff. It's all mobile space. It's such an evolving space, and I don't think anybody knows the answers. And I think that's what's going on even with the retailers. I think they're trying to find a way to offer a product and a wallet that their consumer can be connected to for loyalty and not just let a digital player own that space. Also, not just let the banks own that space. The banks, by the way, are doing the same thing. They're trying to make sure they offer products that get the consumer loyal to them and not just let the digital player own that space or the merchant own that space, and of course, the digital player is doing the same thing. So they're all doing a dance right now, and I don't think anybody knows the real answer. But I do believe in two or three underlying factors. The first one is we as a network, we believe that a focus on the person who owns the consumer relationship, in this case the bank or the merchant as it may be, that they are the ones who should be developing the loyalty with that consumer. People like us that are, we're a B2B2C company. We operate through them, and therefore, our role is to facilitate that and do it in a way that drives our business with them and enables our value-added services to be used. So we're very focused on going through them, whether it be through a Walmart or through a Citibank or through a different bank. The second rule that I think applies universally is that more consumer choice in tenders and payments is better than less. And I think that's just to reduce the friction. And there's one large merchant in the United States who doesn't think that way, but otherwise, every other merchant around the world is keen to basically offer more tender choice to their consumer rather than less. And I think that's going to be even more important in the mobile world to reduce friction. I think those kinds of rules apply. And so my view of this is, Jason, don't conclude too much yet, but be prepared to see many efforts going on in different places. I think the days of one model, you know when only one big mobile network or one, or sorry, one big mobile wallet or one big e-commerce wallet existed, those days are going away. There's going to be a lot of competition in that space with multiple tenders, with choice for consumers, and it's going to be interesting to watch where this settles.
Ajay Banga: Yeah. I don't think there'll be. That's a very good way to end it actually, Jason. I don't think there's one winner in this game. And I don't think you'll even know who the winners are for a few years to come. I mean, a mobile phone is such a small surface area. If everybody had launched all their wallets, you would have no place to sell a product to anyone. You have places to make payments with, which probably is not where the mobile guys are going, and so.
Ajay Banga: The only other thing I'd add for you is the opposite side of that weakening currencies there has been that we have seen over time some increased US travel into some of the European countries. But all of this kind of washes in and out of the numbers you're seeing. And you do see an impact caused by destabilizing world events. So it so happens that Europe has, back to your European question, Belgium and Turkey are both in our European numbers, and both Belgium and Turkey have had a somewhat difficult time with their security situation over the last few months. And Paris, which got impacted so unfortunately in November last year, has still not recovered to what it used to be prior to November. And so there's a little bit of that inside Europe as well. But at end of the day, it's a little slower than it was in the first quarter, and then of course, there's Easter.
Ajay Banga: And so it's really hard to give you a broken up pattern of all those. All that's washing through the number that we're talking about.
Ajay Banga: It's too early to see the impact of those EU regulations yet in the kind of numbers that you would want to look at. I think no doubt you will see impact over a period of time. I have every expectation that acceptance will expand because of lower merchant costs.
Ajay Banga: And we've seen some it already. But the results of their acceptance expanding in terms of impacting our volume in a way that I can give you tangible numbers, you got to just give it a few more months. I have every expectation that the separation of scheme and processing is going to require some work. We're doing that work. It may not impact us enormously in terms of expense in the first quarter, second quarter. But you know what? These are things that all add to work. And I would be loath to tell you that the EU regulations are going to have no impact. I think it's a pretty serious industry move, and it will have an impact for a period of time in the way the consumer behaves, the merchant behaves and the way we construct our business there. The second part about Visa and its Visa Europe stuff, as I said to the first question when I got asked in the beginning, it's still early. It's just been announced by them that they're changing the terms of the manner in which the exact deal's priced as well as the timing. I think over the next two or three months, we'll see what that does in terms of how issuers are thinking. My general sense is it'll make it easier for an issuer to know exactly what they're going to get paid from the exercise of the put, and that'll make it a little easier for them to comprehend what they're getting and what they're leaving behind if they make a decision, which in a sense is a good thing. That's transparency. And the second part of it is it's going to be three months or so later, so it's just going to make it a little longer out on gestation periods. Meanwhile, we're all working away like busy beavers here.
Ajay Banga: I think we told you that close to a quarter, a little less than a quarter, of our revenue was now coming from all these services, and we are continuing to focus and grow those.
Ajay Banga: And that's kind of what the point that's in the September time or sometime in the fall I think Martina made the point that, yes, the margin is now 40%, but scale does bring a higher margin. Just as, by the way, scaling our core business has been improving our margin over time. So I don't consider these to be inherently lower margin businesses, if that's what you're trying to get certainty on. They're in the mix. There are some that will be inherently lower. There are some that will be inherently higher, just like in our current core business there are different yields and different margins even in our current core business between the different kinds of payments involved and the different kind of things that we do involved there. So it's all about our mix.
Ajay Banga: Yeah, so we talked about commercial a little bit as well. But I, honestly I consider the whole commercial business to be a continuing area of growth, and I am sure so do my peers. Because it's not just about us or our peers, it's the marketplace. This commercial business has a nice opportunity for all of us. We signed a deal with Barclays in the UK recently. We've expanded our global agreement at Citibank to include their commercial card portfolios in Asia, in Europe, but also in the United States. We've kind of seen continuing strong adoption of Smart Data, which is our reporting and reconciliation tool. We are seeing continuing adoption of In Control for commercial payments, that's virtual cards. And most interestingly, we're starting to see increasing interest beyond the typical bankcard issuers. You're looking at technology providers, who embed their commercial payment solution into their software and platform. We're working with them. They're working with payment aggregators in insurance and healthcare. It's an interesting space. We're in the early stages of a long run in commercial, but we feel good about where we're going. And we're continuing to see good growth in the, not just in the US, by the way. This is this commentary that you heard me talk about has a number of overseas geographies that are picking up business volume and effort as well.
Ajay Banga: And by the way, just to be clear on that, that's part of what I said in an earlier call. The way Martina manages our expenses is that we're going to do what we've got to do. We've got to do what we do strategically as well as what we are required to do by law in a place. But then, like NSPK for example in Russia, in our G&A line of 11% includes the impact of the Russian processing which is now coming through our expense line, which by the way, is just what it is. We've got to manage it, and it's part of what we're going with. There's no point in my pulling that out separately for you and saying ex-that, I would have been even better. The way we manage this, like we manage acquisitions, once it's ours, it's ours. And we've got to find a way to cut expenses elsewhere while investing in the right things. And you will see us do that on Europe. You've seen us do that on Russia. You will see us do it with all these acquisitions and with the strategic investments. That's kind of what we're trying to do, manage our expenses in all aspects of our lines.
Ajay Banga: Okay. So thank you all for your questions. I'm going to leave you with a couple of closing thoughts. And the first part is, I think our business is performing well. You see that reflected in our strong volume and transaction growth, and that's despite the somewhat uneven global economy. We are growing revenues from our core businesses but also from our services as we just had a discussion of, both organically and through the ongoing successful integration of our acquisitions for the last few years. We're pleased with our progress across MasterPass, across the MasterCard Digital Enablement system and our partnerships with many of the digital players. But as I said in the answer to Jason, there's a lot of things that will evolve there, and this is a marathon not a sprint. We continue to build on our momentum in safety and security. We are committed to making sure that is what consumers get, no matter which channel or which instrument or device they choose to use to shop on. And we remain very focused on creating a better experience for both cardholders and merchants across all these channels. So thank you for your continuing support of the company, and thank you for joining us today.
