Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, James, good morning. And let me just take you through a minute. In Europe, where we are seeing really good drivers in Italy and Germany and France, number of these kind of countries and those are good economic environments, I called out that the holidays in January that’s the little longer in some of these countries. In terms of where we added the market share, what’s really in the Nordics, so we actually have flipped the deal in Sweden. That is coming in over this year, and that will actually benefit these kind of numbers. From a Maestro point-of-view, yes you are absolutely right, we have been talking about that in a number of countries we’re actually flipping our Maestro portfolios into debit Mastercard both portfolios. We are very well on our way in many of those countries, and what we are actually seeing is, when we do these kind of flips that are on the new debit Mastercards we see about 2x to volume that we use to see you on the Maestro cards. So, we're not just seeing cross-border volume, but we are also seeing local volume. That will continue to benefit and it will improve our yield over time. You have actually been seeing that our yield has been improving over the last many years, both on the core business where you’re seeing it predominantly because of the additional processing that were coming in, by the way we are now processing about 54% of the transactions that are done on Mastercard versus - when you just look two years ago it was just shy of 50%. And secondly, of course, the healthy cross-border trends. When you look at our word total yields, you know that is where obviously our growing services offerings are really benefiting us and that’s why you’re seeing very healthy yields across the whole company.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Don, I’m so glad you’re asking this question because of course when you see for the first four weeks in the year it’s 22% cross-border number, you’re asking exactly the right question in my opinion. What we always say is, four quarters do not make a year, in-fact the guidance that we are giving - four weeks don't make a year. So, four weeks don't make a year, but in particular, all of the guidance that we’re giving you for the top line of 2018 we are not planning on those kind of cross-border numbers, growth numbers. We are planning much more to what we have been seeing over the last couple of years. And even with the weaker dollar, I don't think that trend will change much. So, I don't think it’s prudent to be planning on this kind of number and I would like to point you back to the guidance that we had from a new revenue point-of-view.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Volume into the U.S., we actually do is see, you now it is kind of mid-single digits, volume into the U.S., what we do see is a volume outside of the U.S. is picking up.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay. And the first question, first of all you need to take into account the 0.5 ppt on the Venezuela. That’s the impact on revenue. And then in particular, you also need to take into account the acquisitions that you called out. We had 8 months of acquisitions built into 2017 numbers, and so you only get the lapping asset from the four months. So, when you actually look at the total results at 2017, we're basically saying that 2018 is just going to be slightly better in part because of course what we’re expecting in the United States, even though we have a very watchful in the number of work potential risk countries around the world, right.  Middle East, Africa, West Country, we are watching very carefully Brazil, we are watching very carefully Mexico, as well as the potential impact from a Brexit point-of-view. So overall, while the U.S. is a little better, we are actually believing that the economic environment in 2018 will be very similar to 2017. So, all of this is based Darrin, just slightly better than 2017 on the net revenue side. That’s where we are.
Martina Hund-Mejean: On the tax impact, it's your second question, so what we’re doing, in terms of the center for inclusive growth, as Ajay said, we are planning over several years to put $0.5 billion into that center. The first chunk is going to go in Q1 with $100 million and then we are going to see how we are going to lay it out for the next several years. So, you are going to have do expect that you're going to continue to do some contributions in that. Not in 2018, but likely 2019, 2020 et cetera. The employee benefits, that is a permanent adjustment of course, you know that subjects the one-time thing. We really want to make sure that our employees are focused on making sure that they are well situated from pension benefit point-of-view. So, this is going to go in this year. Sometime this year, we haven't given a date yet and that’s going to continue. The other investments are also in our baseline, and I would suggest to you that both organically as well as inorganically we're going to continue to look at that and make more investments.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay. Jason, first of all on your first question, I am not going to give you any guidance on rebates and incentives at 2018 and it is because of the new revenue recognition rules coming in. There is so many moving parts between gross revenue and contra revenue that I just feel, you know given all of the work that we were able internally to do, I just feel that the net revenue numbers is just the best guidance that I can give you, but I do want to take the opportunity to deep dive into that just a little bit more. As you know, I will call it at $300 million benefit on the net revenue line, due to the new revenue recognition fule. $100 million of that is really in relation to customer business agreements and to incentives. And there are a number of facts that we had to be estimating in this. First of all, as you know we had amortization of incentives on previous deals that have been previously expensed. So, in prior years, we expensed those. And then we will be now expensed over the life of the deal. And that will be a negative, right. You estimate actually that roughly about $0.5 on incentives will need to be recognized as contra revenue under the new rules starting 2018 and we will, you know the average life of this recognition is approximately 7 years. So, it is not - so it is a headwind, it’s not really material in the context of our size. But then in addition to that we would have had some incentives in 2018 or later that will now have to be carried back to prior years to the original deal inception or carried forward. That will actually reduce the amount of incentives recognized in 2018. So, you can see these two things are toggling with each other. And then the last, the third thing is that obviously we will be having new deals coming in and that could impact this calculation too depending on the terms and conditions in these kind of deals. So, when you put all of this together, we do estimate the net benefit of that $100 million that I just referenced, but obviously that could change over time and then beyond 2019, we will continue to amortize the remainder of that 0.5 billion of that roughly 500 million that we have to recognize as contra revenues under the new rules. So, you can see this is a relatively complex area and that’s why we’re staying with net revenue guidance and we’re not going to split it up in growth and into contra. With respect to your second question, there is really not much more that we can say to you and quite frankly what our cross-border business, in-bound business in Europe has actually no relationship in terms of how the European Commission would be looking at finding us, if they find us, but they have at this point in time really no new News. So, I’m still going to point you back to the last Q that we filed, that is a pretty accurate statement in there, and I let something happen between now and when we filed the 10-K on what Feb 14 or 15. If you have an update, obviously the K will be updated by that time.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, just to let you know, the total cash tax benefit as a result of the tax reform on an annual basis is in the ZIP Code or $450 million, right. And we’re doing then two things. One, we’re taking the $100 million in order to invest into the center for inclusive growth, and the other part that Ajay was mentioning in terms of the employee benefits, as well as the additional investments we’re doing, we have that embedded in the base line of the operating expenses. Okay, and that’s all embedded in the low double digits guidance that I have been giving to you for 2018. Based on the new revenue recognition rules.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well, it’s in the low double-digit operating expense guidance. We put 2 ppt for that particular contribution.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, Tien-Tsin obviously with the numbers in Q4 that you saw in the rebates and incentives and we had given you a little bit of a heads-up in our November call that that number might be coming in a little bit higher than what we have forecasted before. That should show you that we have actually terrific deal activity in Q4 and those deals will be rolling in over the next 6 months to 18 months that depends, which deal you’re looking at. I quite frankly with everything that I’m seeing from the pipeline from our world regions around the world, I think that we’re going to have a similarly robust deal activity in 2018. I don't think there’s any letting up. I think there is a lot of players in the market that are looking to do things with us a network and it would be similarly robust.
Ajay Banga: Particularly in those serious that we have been talking about. From digital and technology, and data and fast ACH, the kind of things we talked about in September. Very focused on the strategy.
Ajay Banga: The first part, the merchant acceptance, you know there is growth across the European region on merchant acceptance from large outlooks that earlier used to prefer to take either local payment systems only, or cash and goods. That changes all the way to small ones. What you do see really changing also is a reduction in suppression. So, even if the outlook says we accept, you know actual fact we have showed up for a small ticket charge or low value payment, they would encourage you to kind of lay of the idea of producing electronic payment. I think all that has changed quite dramatically. It’s helpful. It’s part of the secular change in the way cash is used in the European economy. I wouldn't declare victory on that right now because I think a year or two in Europe is a relatively small time in a set of complicated countries with lots of local dynamics vis-a-vis local schemes, local players, and the like. So, I would tell you, keep your eye on the space and keep working into the acquiring community, we are talking about a four, five-year translation in a continent like Europe. It’s good signs, it’s helpful, it’s a nice tailwind, and I am not running with it to the bank yet. That’s kind of the first part. Your second question was about, remind me what the second question was.
Ajay Banga: PSD2. You know, we’re coming up to the timeframe of when all this starts to go live in so many ways in different aspects of implementation in Europe. We have been working both internally, as well as with the help of our largest clients, as well as in conversations with regulators about the implications of PSD2, and the things we can do around PSD2 with these European merchants and European Banks and the new European entities that will get creative as part of the PSD2. The PSD's and the various acronyms that are being created in PSD2.  Your question was around Vocalink and PSD2. So, to get Vocalink on to the ground in different European countries beyond the software status. which is kind of what it is today in the Nordics and some other markets around the world will require us to actually participate in the RFP process of different ACH systems being opened up in Europe. We’re participating, you heard me in my opening comments, we are participating in those RFPs. These stake a year or two to get resolved and settled. After they get settled, it will take a while to get invested in and implemented, but we are very active in all of those and one of the reasons why I think you will see us using some of the tax reform money in a sensible way in our business is to keep on focusing on the opportunity with fast ACH, thanks to Vocalink’s capabilities in Europe, but also outside of Europe even in the United States and other markets. It’s not just an infrastructure, but it could be in the applications, it could be in the scheme rules and it could of course be in different aspects of the range of things we could do with fast ACH.
Ajay Banga: So, I think in the whole E&M commerce space there is so much going on Andrew in that whole space. And I think, if you go back in time, when essentially Visa and Mastercard in those places and other brands like ours, the other card, which were called card network brands. We got into a position where we became part of a drop down on a merchant's checkout site. You drop-down you got one brand or the other and you entered a lot of details, and you entered a lot of addresses and that created its own friction and it’s on lakh of branding at the checkout point. Even though the consumer was aware of the brand because they were looking at the card and entering the data. I think that’s moving and PayPal is one way of that moment, but our own efforts with branded checkout points is moving.  And we will continue to do that. I think PayPal itself, its relationship with eBay, I mean look at the IPO time, something for Dan to answer, but I'm pretty certain that all of you thought about one day that relationship will come up for reassessment, and it’s come up for reassessment and eBay has chosen what it wants to do. I think Dan has done some interesting work of building out his partnerships in the meanwhile. So he has kind of consolidated his own position today with the second and third leg of the stool, and I think we are a key beneficiary of that because as you know, we’ve got a great partnership with PayPal, which includes all their co-branded cards and their corporate cards and all the understanding and how their wallet is used, including visibility of the brand and the non-steering towards ACH and the data flow and basically the passthrough angle compared to the staged angle. So, my general net takeoff on this is, this is still a wide-open field. It is going to years before you can figure out who is playing what game here. All I’m trying to do with our company and all us are doing is, we want to be very much a part of that game. If we’re going to keep investing in tokenization and secure checkout, we’re going to keep investing in an enhanced consumer experience in digital. You’ll find us doing all kinds of things with banks, with merchants in that space, we're going to keep investing and aligning the developer community to access our capabilities at digital and poor payments. So, the simplest form of APIs and SDKs so we can get imbedded in more and more locations. We’re going to keep investing in creating good R&D with our labs and making sure that they are capable of working with our clients with labs and the service you heard me talk about that with specific reference to Bank of America, but frankly it applies to many other clients as well. So, you're going to see the strategies in digital to make us not pay anywhere other than at the for front forefront of what is going on here with simple transparent standards, and standards that are important because they enable merchants and banks to connect one-time, not multiple times. So, you see us over this period of years to come that’s the focus. Simple experience, simple standards, focused on securities, secure every transaction, make sure we do good stuff that last, make sure we open APIs and SDKs are available and well used, and make sure that we focus on all forms of payment, not just guardrails, but ACH fast ACH, all those so that you enable banks and merchants to do the best thing for their customer. That’s our additional strategy. Not changed. PayPal, eBay other issues will come and go, we are doing what we need to do.
Ajay Banga: Yes, and you also got Venezuela, but she has done an outstanding job often trying to put her arms around how to manage that through the next period of time. In Venezuela, we are still very much on the ground, doing all the right things. We got a great team. We are supporting a lot of our clients there. We are not pulling out of the business from the ground. That would be a very unfortunate thing to do, and I think it will spark all kinds of humanitarian issues given the role we play in that economy. In fact, we try to work with other players, including multilateral institutions try and find a way to make this a sensible outcome because there will be an outcome one day in Venezuela. So, this is not a, you know, you got to think-out long-term and you know what we're doing is all of these things whether it’s European cross-border of Venezuela or these rules. At the end of the day, we are trying to give you guys some thought on what we are thinking in terms of what the impact could be, but Martina has laid out a pretty good estimate of where we think our 2018 revenues and expenses in EPS and our combined 2016 to 2018 goals will go. And I said you, over 2016 to 2018 we’ve had a good run. We gave you an update in September when we raised our guidance. Now, what we're doing basically is making sure the accounting flows through. Yes, there is a small improvement in 2018, which she pointed out. Some of it gets eaten up by Venezuela. Some of it gets eaten up by the laughing of the acquisitions. That’s kind of where we are. We are running our business to win, share, and keep taking advantage of the secular trend in the business. That’s what we’re trying to do and not getting ourselves tied up between rebates and incentives and growth revenue and net revenue at a time when there are so many moving parts and asking someone to estimate accurately would be asking for the moon.
Ajay Banga: No. Most of it is just that, and all the other things you read about as winning, they are all coming on board. So, you will see some benefit in Bank of America when it starts issuing. It will take time. You will see some benefit from the co-brand, the Cabela's co-brand. But these things will take time. Meanwhile, there is the natural spending pattern that shows up and there. As I said, fourth quarter growth was actually lower year-over-year than third quarter, just to be clear.
Ajay Banga: First of all, I will always expect my competitors to make every effort possible there. They go to a strong company. They got good people in the ground, they are going to make efforts to win back share, and that’s the reality and it’s - I believe that we survived by being competitively paranoid about all of our competitors. That to me is just a, I take it as a, given that they will attempt. There’s a lot of competition in the ground. It’s not just Visa. It's Cielo. It's the local methods of doing a lot of work. There is a lot of competition on the ground locally. There’s also a lot of regulatory changes that is going on in Brazil, including with the Bankers Association attempting to look at the idea of the way instalments are paid and the whole instalment method is managed, including the settlement time. There’s a ton of things going on in a market in which we are today a very large market share player there. The political environment in Brazil, yes, this year 2017 showed an improvement, but you got to remember you are comparing 2017 to 2016, which was not a predictably let us delightful year in Brazil.  It was a hard year, and they got some political stability, 2017 turned out to be better, good economic policies were getting put in place. Remember that 2018 has an election, and that election has currently identified two players to come there not of whom within the current government and so it’s a little unclear to me what instability that could cause in economic environment. That’s why Martina pointed out, and I pointed out that there are pockets of instability across the world that we’re careful of. Brazil is one of those. For this reason of the political circumstance, and the longevity of that economic reforms. I have been around a lot time long time working with Latin America and I have learnt that you cannot take for granted what happens for a couple of years because it does find its way through changes on where politics goes. So that’s where we are. I am relatively constructive about Brazil. We are investing on the ground, the number of people we have in our office has increased, our capabilities in the ground have increased, our technological investments in the ground have increased, and we're going to keep seeing growth there is what I’m hopeful for, but 2018 is a year to watch out for.
Ajay Banga: And on B2B Tien-Tsin, you know the global travel deals that we did over the last couple of years they are actually helping us in our cross-border. As an example, back to somebody's question I forget on cross-border. But, there is all this work we’re trying to do with the B2B have. We’ve announced that one partner had signed up, there is a bunch of partners in the pipeline. Hopefully, a few of them will come into locking on. There’s all the work we're trying to do with fast ACH and Send in different parts of the world. So, B2B is pretty active far as right now. We consider ourselves to have good access from the place. So, we are working our pipeline hard.
Ajay Banga: I’m sorry, we're going to cut you off, Tien-Tsin. We can chat another time. But thank you all for your questions and I would like to wrap-up with some closing thoughts. We’re pleased with 2017 financial results. We think it’s all driven by strong operating performance and execution of our strategy. Overall economic trends are positive, and as we said a couple of times in this call, we’re going to monitor some risks and uncertainties that Martina and I have spoken to. But overall, we expect 2018 growth to be similar to 2017. Meanwhile, we expect tax reform will benefit the U.S. economy and I have a positive impact on our company. We see this as an opportune time to further invest in our employees and communities and continue to strengthen our business and strategic investments in those key growth areas, while continuing to return excess capital back to our shareholders. And so, thank you for your continued support of all of us and our company, and thank you very much for joining us on the call today.
Bryan Keane: Thanks. Just wanted to talk or ask about two things. One, just the strength in U.S. credit and debit, is that just some lapping of some of the headwinds, obviously USA, but the numbers are obviously picking up there may be strengthened.
Bryan Keane: Yes, it doesn't seem there is no flips go on in the other way, like that created a headwind like USA.
Bryan Keane: Yes. And then my follow-up is just on tax reform. I just was trying to quantify total tax reform investments, I got the 100 million for the inclusive growth and then just thinking about employee retirement and then some of the accelerated investments that you talked about Ajay, just in all - it seems like maybe we’re getting to 20% to 25%, I am just trying to get to a number of what we are reinvesting total of the tax benefit? Thanks.
