Michael Miebach: Good morning, Lisa, thanks for your question. I thank you for missing, Warren. So on Fed Now, important development, of course, we've been watching closely. As you know, for years, we've been involved in real-time payments. So it's been our learning over the years that it's really critical that there is a proposition for merchants, there's a position for consumers for really for these systems to grow.  On the merchant side, criticality is reach. And for the consumers, it's got to be a proposition that's an easy experience and it's got consumer protection in it. So those are all aspects that the card systems have demonstrated over years, and we'll have to see where these P2P systems go with that. Fundamentally, we appreciate competition. It makes us a better company as we try to make our proposition even better. Now on FedNow very specifically here, a technical go-live is different from being available for consumers and merchants, as I've just discussed, and we have to see where that goes and what the features will be, what is the user experience, what are any kind of protections that would be in there for consumers and so forth. We will continue to seek ways to partner with B2B systems and the same applies here in the United States. For the flows that this might target, which are currently flows on account-to-account, you will recall the announcement that we've made in the last quarter with Chase on pay-by-account. So those are alternative solutions that would be in the market to capture some of these new flows. So opportunity threats, we'll have to see how it plays out. I think we're well positioned.
Michael Miebach: Correct. Thank you, Tien-Tsin. This is certainly a topic you got a lot of attention, particularly since the latest model of Chat GPT was out there. Bath gets attention every day, there's a whole set of headlines. I've been using AI for the better part of the last decade. So it's embedded in a whole range of our products. Just now, I talked in my prepared remarks about Bath & Bay Networks. Would you will all be surprised is actually not in Canada, but in Sweden, the company, they're using AI-enabled threat protection solutions. So you'll find it embedded in a range of our products, including generative AI. So we have used generative AI technology, particularly in creating data sets that allow us to compare and find threats in the cybersecurity space. You will find AI in our personalization products. So there's a whole range of things that we set us apart. We use this as foundational technology. And internally, you can see increasingly so, that generative AI might be a good solution for us when it comes to customer service propositions and so forth. So we're actively engaged on that. Fundamentally, though, I think we all have to be aware that the application of AI needs to be done in a principled way. We approach data privacy in a principal way. We approach crypto space in a principled way and the same thing applies here. So trustworthy the AI is clearly the focus.  We've encouraged our employees to experiment with the technology but we set very clear guardrails and don't do it in production. But it's something that we cannot afford to ignore, we will not. We will lean in, but make sure that we are a trusted party when it comes to scaling it up.
Michael Miebach: Right. Darrin, let me start on that. We see a very encouraging activity. In fact, we -- it was tough to make choices here, what not to tell you in the 15-minute overview that I gave you. So solid activity in deal wins. And you recall some of the bigger deals that we have announced in 2021 and 2022, which are behind some of the share gains that we're seeing, particularly if you look at the Europe numbers. So that is having some impact on how the R&I plays out. But I'll defer to Sachin to say a little bit more, but overall, the activity is very healthy.
Michael Miebach: Rayna, I think almost partially answered your question just now. So deal activity is strong. But here -- to the second half of your question there, through the last three years, you saw some European markets, some large European markets that have been historically less digitized and more cash focused to really catch up. The stats I gave earlier on contactless penetration that includes a good number of European markets jumping ahead in the ranking. So strong secular shift. That's an opportunity. You start to see some of the payment service providers driving more acceptance into more parts of the economy. And that's also reflected in some of the acceptance growth that we talked about $100 million. A good chunk of that is coming from Europe. So it's a mix of the share wins that we have seen very specifically in the U.K. and the secular shift. So we feel very well positioned in Europe.
Michael Miebach: One thing to add here, I'm just looking at my phone here, can you imagine in the conference call, but it was the reporting of the quarter 1 GDV numbers. And if you look into that, there is -- the consumer does stand out positively. So the resilience even in that number is reflected. I think -- the point on that I mentioned earlier on the impact of stresses on the banking sector. That's another one that we did talk about. And here, if you think about what does this mean in terms of potentially additional regulation, what it means in terms of credit appetite for banks and self-host. Those are all not near-term effects that we're -- we can judge at this point in time.  So some of the outlook that we are taking here is a near-term outlook for the year, and we'll have to see how things develop over time. Again, flexibility and agility is critical. And so we feel ready for all of that.
Michael Miebach: Harshita, let me start on this. So first on the competitive landscape. As Sachin was saying earlier, our services strategy is closely tied in with our payment strategy. So we're not your average service competitor as in a cybersecurity company that competes with a bunch of other cybersecurity companies. We are somewhere in the middle between bolts and being in the flow gives us additional data points that makes us a fairly unique competitive landscape for us, which is why we like the combination of both.  But it's very specifically on cybersecurity. You have a whole set of specialty players Bath & Bay was a specialty player and yet, we're dealing in threat protection. As we were ourselves with Risk Recon before, it's just a slightly different angle of that. So we are very aware of the wide competitive landscape here, but our position, I think, sets us apart. Now there's other potential comes closer to the payment space. So looking at services as well. So we're trying to keep our services set differentiated and ahead of the curve. It's the same thing for data and services. Yet again, a lot of data and SaaS companies that are building their businesses.  But on the other hand, we have a captive set of customers today, and we have a captive set of transactions of these customers that these companies want to understand and where do they come to an integrated provider that helps them with both. So that's, again, a unique position for us. To look at, I think dynamic yield and how we're combining that with our data set, as I referred to my earlier remarks, I think it's an excellent example of that. So that's the competitive landscape that we're looking at. It's a fast-moving one. So we have -- we will continue to have that in focus.
Michael Miebach: So hard to predict, but the fact is capacity isn't fully back. So that's one important aspect when we gave you the outlook later on.
Michael Miebach: Right, David. So let me take a look at that. Conversations in Europe have been going on for years on ACH systems. As you know, when the U.K. was part of the EU, I don't even know if it's Europe right now or not, but we invested in Vocalink. So we have a counter account systems in Europe for a long time. We're having some stakes in other P2P systems on the continent and so forth.  The most late -- the most recent development here is the announcement around the European payment initiative, which is yet another effort in account to account. Europe is the land of domestic systems and domestic payment solutions. It's a very versatile competitive landscape, and there is more coming. We have found ways to partner. We have found ways to compete. And in the case of EPI, we are partnering with the owner banks to push our solutions.  At the same time, we'll have to see where EPI goes, and then we stand ready to engage one way or another depending on their willingness. As you can see, Europe has been a source of share growth for us and revenue growth. So we know how to play this environment.
Michael Miebach: Right. So India is a hugely important market for us. We have a large number of our employees based in India, serving the Indian market as well as other markets in Asia, deep engagements with customers there. It's interesting when you look at the market from where it has gone under the lead of India's government, they've built a tremendous digital economy. So the India tech stack has really opened up the digital economy at a much, much different scale than before, and we like that. That gives you opportunities for us to engage with our customers to many more Indian citizens. So we generally see that opportunity. It's also true, though, that today, every day solution around debit and credit matter. And we have -- now we reached -- we're back to pre-embargo growth on the issuing side with our customers in India. So that is looking very, very positive. We're back in the market there.  So we're playing both of that. It's a market where we'll see more innovation coming from us of the folks that are based there. So there isn't a financial inclusion opportunity. There's an everyday opportunity in credit and debit and it's not the most populous country in the world. So it's going to be the theatre of the future, and we're excited to be involved there. Where is all the engagement going with the India tech stack? What does it mean for our cards? And how will cards be linked into UPI and so forth? The details have yet to be seen, but we're active in those conversations. And in the end, when we have an opportunity to partner, then we will try to do that.
Michael Miebach: Right, Jason. So here, the opportunity, I wouldn't really point to a particular geography. I think generally, the set of countries that have a lower digitization rate is a tremendous opportunity for us. We have learned how to drive digitization. Just look at Latin America, you take like a country like Mexico, a tremendous opportunity in terms of driving digitization up. And part of that we have seen in Brazil. So you can start to make those comparisons and you add that up across the wood that is a tremendous opportunity. In terms of large-scale country opportunities, we just talked about India and certainly not in the category of emerging markets, but China is a market that we are very engaged on today in the cross-border business, and you do know that we have a license application out there to participate in the domestic market and we stand ready to invest forward with the Chinese consumers and businesses. So we'll see where that one goes.
Michael Miebach: I do have final comments. So I've made it a habit to thank the 30,000 people at Mastercard for what they did, what they all do. And I shall do that again for this quarter. I thought it was a good quarter, and it is reflective of their work. But I do want to thank you as well, Warren. So it's been fun three years for me and previously with Ajay. So thank you for everything that you did. I know we all talk about you. I do want to talk about Devon as well. So if you could picture us here in this room, here's Devon, and we're looking forward Sachin and I to work with you. And I do want to say, Warren has -- you have built a tremendous set of relationships with the folks on the call. And I look to those folks on the call, first of all, thanking you guys for your support, but also to give Devon, the same kind of support that you have in the past. With that, thank you very much and speak to you one quarter from now.
Sachin Mehra: Darrin, good morning. Look, it's like Michael said, right? I mean, we compete every day in the market. We are being successful in what we're doing in terms of winning new business and retaining existing business. That's very much the mantra on the table, we've adopted as a company. That's a very important part of the growth algorithm, which we have laid out for ourselves to drive growth for us. Because at the end of the day, we believe very firmly that being in the flow is important, picks you get the benefit of PC, you get the benefit of secular shift, but you also get to deliver additional services by being in the flow. And so really, what we are trying to do is we're trying to win profitable market share and, at the same time, drive an accretion in our overall net revenue yield, which is really about taking it together in the composite because payments and services and our new networks are very tightly integrated together. They -- one relies on the other, and we have to look at this from an overall net revenue yield base. So that's really what's going on. To your specific question about rebates and incentives, Look, I mean, we've always kind of shared with you rebates and incentives and be sharing with you what the rebates and incentives on our payment network are even now. The reality is, as and when deals come up, we will compete for them. We will do that in a smart manner. For Q2, I can tell you that rebates and incentives as a percentage of total payment network assessments, it would be roughly similar to what we had in Q1. So based on everything we can see from a line of sight standpoint in terms of deals and activity and so on and so forth, that's what I can share with you at this point in time.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Bryan. Look, just what I would tell you, I'd say the things to keep in mind when you're putting your model together, and this will be no surprise to you is we did see an opening up of economies last year coming out of COVID. And as we mentioned, in Q1, we were in the base of Omicron, you're starting to see that recovery kind of take place. And so what you should expect is there are going to be lapping-related issues, which will be a headwind to year-over-year growth rate on all metrics and in cross-border as well. Now offsetting that, to some extent, would be the recovery from Asia Pacific, which is something we saw happen towards the tail end of last year coming into this year. There are puts and takes. I'm not going to give you a specific forecast as to what that growth rate should look like from our model assumption standpoint. But I think there are these important puts and takes which you've got to kind of keep into consideration as you think about cross-border. The most important thing, I think, is that the value prop we deliver through our cross-border proposition is still fundamentally very sound. This is really important. As you remember, over the last 2 or 3 years, it was being questioned as to whether cross-border was something which was going to remain challenged over the long term. The reality is it has come back. It has come back strong.  We have positioned ourselves really well through the pandemic period. to be winning good portfolios to be able to ride the way back up, and you're seeing the results of that come through with some really strong cross-border performance in Q1 with 35% year-over-year growth. And so the reality is that cross-border proposition remains good. Just as a matter of reference, if you look at our cross-border volumes for Q1 at 168% of 2019, and you can do this math as well. The reality is that reflects approximately a 14% compound annual growth rate over the window from prior to the pandemic to where we are in Q1. And so you've pretty much bought up the last time as part of that process, if you go back to what historical rates in cross-border work. So I kind of wanted to share that with you in terms of how we see cross-border going forward.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Sanjay. Look, I mean, at the end of the day, what we see is what you see from a consumer standpoint. And we have our best estimates as to what we kind of think that looks like on a go-forward basis. Like Michael said, there are positive and negative factors. The health of the consumer remains strong, backed by record low unemployment rates, and that gives us a level of confidence. On the flip side, you've got the headwinds which come along with higher interest rates, more recently the banking crisis, which we're all going through. And we have no idea as to what the implications of the banking crisis are going to look like on a go-forward basis. So our views in terms of the strength of the consumer remains pretty much unchanged. There are puts and takes by region. And based on the fact that at this point in time, there's no real evidence to see that the consumer is not showing good strength from a spend standpoint. They're in good shape. The year-over-year growth rates, like I mentioned earlier, are going to change. You're going to see the lapping effect of that come through because of the recovery last year. That's got less to do with what spend levels this year are as compared to anything else. And it's on the base of that, that we have modestly increased our full year guide on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions, to reflect the fact that we had a stronger Q1. And we feel like overall, from a consumer health standpoint, our assumptions are relatively unchanged between what it was one quarter ago towards where we are right now.
Sachin Mehra: Harshita, I'll just add a couple of thoughts to what Michael said, I'll get to your question around how the financials play out for -- what we on the services side. So a couple of things. One, just even adding to what Michael said, structurally, if you think about how the world is going more digital and as the world goes more digital, there is going to be likely increasing fraud-related issues which come on increasingly digital world. There are structural tailwinds, which we feel good about. And so long as we can continue to grow our portfolio to ride those structural tailwinds is another piece which helps us think that there is good runway on services.  The second piece, which Michael said, which was around data and the power of data is one of the ingredients which makes us successful across both C&I and D&S. But then there are others, which is do you have the technology? Do you have the AI capabilities? And can you seamlessly deliver this to your customers so that there isn't big implementation challenges? All of which when you think about our network play, allow us to do that in a very efficient manner, which is what's been helping us drive the kind of growth we've seen. On your question on the financials, I will tell you that, I mean, there's a range of, what I would call, incremental costs, which come depending on the nature of the service we deliver. So things which are more, I would say, attached to the payment network, such as some of our cyber and intelligence solutions, some of our data solutions, they tend to come with lower incremental cost. There are others such as our consulting capabilities, such as our service capabilities, they come with a little bit higher in the nature of incremental cost. And so the overall mix is really important because they all kind of hang together. It's important for us to provide those consulting services and marketing services in order to be able to be a full service provider to our customers. And that's only speaking about services. Now when you take that and you kind of tie that back to how it helps us win market share and payments. That's the other piece which is super important as part of this because the economics need to be thought about in the composite as opposed to each one of these services individually.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, David. What I'd say, I'd say you hear what we hear as it relates to what the airlines plans are from a capacity release standpoint. And the reality is, I think everybody is trying to kind of find that right balance between bringing on more capacity and what the implications for the price proceed is as part of that process. And so we feel generally good about the prospects of travel. I mean the reality is there's a trend from the convert towards more spending on experiences. Experience tends to be travel and entertainment-related stuff. And so generally speaking, that trend is going in the right direction. As more capacity comes on, which we expect will happen, right, you will tend to see the benefit of that come through in our cross-border travel metrics. Again, I would remind you, strong value prop, year-over-year lapping issues which are there from a year-over rate as a standpoint. And then the third piece is we have the potential for recovery in Asia Pacific. And I wanted to kind of bring that whole thing into the picture beyond the capacity question you asked.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Look, I mean, the data we look at for what we're seeing from a tax refund standpoint is what we see on the IRS website, right? And so you can take that for what it's worth because that's the insight we've kind of garnered. What we've seen is that the tax refunds tend to happen mostly in this window around, call it, March and going into April. So we view this impact of the lower tax refund to be relatively transitory. And I say that only because as the year progresses, if there were lower tax refunds, the implications of that would be minimal just because the vast majority of the refunds happen around the period we're talking about right now. So that's why we use them as being transitory. The other thing to keep in mind is on account of some of the natural which have taken place, there are some states in the U.S., which have -- where from a federal tax standpoint, they've been given more latitude in terms of what the tax filing date is. And so that's the other thing to keep in mind in terms of what the potential might be for a catch-up on some of these lower tax free funds. Again, very hard to predict, but I want to kind of bring those 2 pieces out there. On your second question on U.S. versus rest of world trends. At the highest level, I'd tell you, I feel pretty good about what we are seeing on our overall operating metrics. I mean these are pretty compelling operating metrics from a growth rate standpoint. You've got 15% credit growth taking place in the U.S., is being driven in a large part by just consumers' desire to get back to experiences. Our portfolios, our co-branded portfolios, our travel portfolio are performing very well.  And again, if you kind of were to think about the go forward, the reality comes back to the broader questions we were talking about how do we feel about drivers from a domestic spend standpoint and the cross-border spend standpoint, all of that will manifest itself in terms of what U.S. volumes look like going forward. On the rest of the world side, obviously, we've got some really good metrics there as well, both across debit and credit. And you're seeing the impact of some of our market share wins in those metrics. As the year progresses, you're going to start to see the impact of that market share on some of the players start to tail off just because you'll be reaching the lapping stage on that. So you need to keep that in mind. That should help you kind of model out as to how the gap between the U.S. and the rest of the world plays out as we progress through the year.
