Ajay Banga: Thank you, Warren, and good morning, everybody. So over the past several months, the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted every aspect of our society, and we remain focused on supporting our employees, our issuers, merchants, small businesses and government partners to help them navigate through what I think are completely unprecedented times. You may recall that we introduced a four-phase framework for monitoring spending levels and how we would run our company on our last earnings call: Containment, stabilization, normalization and growth. Now in the second quarter, we saw a progressive improvement in volume trends over the course for quarter, driven by the opening up of domestic economies. And today, we believe that most markets are in the normalization phase domestically, where truly occurs and social distancing and mobility limitations are relaxed and spending begins to gradually recover with some sectors recovering faster than others. We expect that progressing through the normalization phase and ultimately moving to the growth phase, essentially, bringing us back to pre-COVID days is very much dependent upon turning the tide on infection, which you’ve seen in Europe, in Asia and the United States Northeast, but also is ultimately tied to the broad availability of a vaccine and proven therapeutics. We expect that the progress through the phases will be non-linear. We have seen that in places like Japan and potentially in the Southern United States, where we are monitoring for the effects of the reintroduction of social distancing restrictions. Meanwhile, the world is becoming more digital. Our services are in strong demand, and we expect that travel will begin to come back as borders reopen, the first signs of which we are beginning to see in Europe. The COVID crisis has driven an acceleration in the use of electronic forms of payment with much greater adoption of digital and contactless solutions. Now we believe those would sustain beyond the pandemic, and we believe we are very well-positioned to capitalize on those. The pandemic has also highlighted the resiliency of our differentiated business model, which is reflected in our financial performance. Our services growth remains strong. It’s outpacing the goal and it drives meaningful differentiation and diversification. Our digital and multi-rail solutions are enabling us to address key opportunities by providing customer choice and the capabilities required to capture a wide range of payment flows. And we continue to win deals across all our core products. So we are focused on what we can control. We are focused on executing against our strategy. We are focused on managing the business for the long-term and we are focused on investing in key strategic priorities, in areas like open banking, real-time payments, Cyber and Intelligence Solutions and B2B themes. Now you’re going to hear lots of that from Michael. And before I hand it over to him, I’d like to share a few comments on diversity and inclusion. Through the events we have watched unfold in the United States and elsewhere over the last several weeks, our society is facing the difficult truth that there is a long way to go to ensure that the fundamental human rights of all people are equally respected. There is no place for racism or discrimination in our communities, in our company, in our hearts. For years, we here in Mastercard have championed inclusion. We have focused on issues that matter to the black community as well as to others, including delivering on our commitment to bring 500 million individuals into the financial system. We’ve extended that pledge, as you know, to 1 billion people by 2025, including 50 million micro and small businesses and 25 million women entrepreneurs. We are long-standing partners of several, several rights organizations and we have closed the racial pay gap over the years. In 2019, Mastercard employees in the United States, who are people of color, have paid the same as Caucasian employees. So we are proud of where we are, but we recognize how much more there is still to do. And to that end, we have launched a companywide, long-term initiative to drive change for our people, for the market we work in and for society at large, including bolstering black recruitment and training, driving financial inclusion and addressing the wealth and opportunity gap faced by black communities. We must and we will capitalize on this opportunity to effect change. So now over to Michael.
Ajay Banga: The only thing I’d add to that is, Bryan, this is Ajay, is that underlying what’s going on in the expense base of the company, is a lot of effort to ensure that we are more thoughtful about what we spend based on the readiness of our markets and our clients to accept the new things we are doing. So you do see an expense-based reduction in totality. But that’s – we are then using that ability to put it back into the investment areas that we want to and taking some of that to the bottom line. And I think that’s what’s going on inside our expenses. The A&M part is moving from a quarter to the other, but really what’s underlying our expenses, as Sachin spoke about in his prepared remarks, is that. And Michael and the team are doing a terrific job on that.
Ajay Banga: And Craig, it’s Ajay. We throw one point in and then pass it over to Michael for the Finicity answer. Just think about – when you convert a portfolio during a flip. When you convert a portfolio doing a flip, there are dormant cards in that portfolio and the ability for the client to come out in a better place with less dormancy, more active, more engaged customers, that is determined a lot by our ability to use data analytics in a sensible way. That’s one example. Like that, there are many examples that enable us to put our best foot forward during such an opportunity. So Michael, Finicity.
Ajay Banga: Well, you turn to grow from here, and get a turban, but that’s a whole different topic but great beyond the purview of this call. Michael, go ahead.
Ajay Banga: There’s a guy who’s working for 20 years, and now he made some. So don’t give him some remarks for his ability to be a bright spark.
Ajay Banga: And to your point about sales cycles on other things like core products. I think the only trade where I find a faster sales cycle is their merchants were cobrands and were impacted by severe need for liquidity or circumstances of navigating through this. They have reupped many deals because that’s kind of what you would do in their shoes. But I think I haven’t seen a big change in the selling cycle with issuers per se. And I don’t expect there to be some dramatic change there. I do see this thing with some of the merchants. But that’s a few of them were directly impacted. And that business is challenged right now, and you can understand their circumstances.
Ajay Banga: Yes. So let me take the part about Europe for a second. Yes, we have had strength in debit in Europe, in Continental Europe, in particular. We were weaker on debit in the UK, that has begun to change over the course of the last couple of years with the wins we’ve been telling you about, but they have to all get into the market with those cards. Do I see that as good for us? Absolutely. Europe continues to be a very attractive growth market for our company. Over the years, our growth in Europe has been both due to our share growth and the flips and wins that we’ve been having and telling you about, but also due to the natural change, not just, by the way, from large global competitors. But even from domestic schemes by European country, where their ability to keep pace with innovation and the things that issuers wanted have hamstrung them. And therefore, we have begun to see more and more transactions across domestic European markets. And I continue to be very constructively optimistic about Europe over the next few years. So that’s kind of the first part about Europe.
Ajay Banga: Particularly with our approach to multi-rail. Remember, we are not just card rail dependent. And so our attitude towards multi-rail is our strength.
Ajay Banga: Yes. So thank you for your question. I’m going to wrap up with a few closing thoughts. I’m going to begin where we start at the beginning. These are difficult times for all of us. Yet for our business, the pandemic is actually helping to accelerate the secular shift to electric – electronic forms of payment. The foundational work we have been doing in areas like tokenization, contactless, digital acceptance, cybersecurity, B2B, these position us very well to capitalize on this accelerating trend. And our services capabilities allow us to offer differentiated solutions to a very wide range of customers, and very importantly, to help us diversify our revenue base and build multiple legs to our revenue stool. We continue to drive our core business forward. I think our multi-rail, open banking and cross-border solutions are enabling us to address a broader set of payment flows, and you should expect to see us continue to be very focused on these opportunities. Thank you for your support for the company. Thank you for joining us today.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Good morning, Bryan. So on your question on margins, you’re right. Our expenses did come in lower than what our expectations were. And it was, like I said, it was driven primarily by just the timing of when our sponsorship activities and the associated expenses with that occurred. So we expected some of that to occur in the second quarter. As we can see, a lot of the events, which Mastercard sponsors, didn’t necessarily come to fruition because of the pandemic in the second quarter. We’re now expecting for that to happen in the third quarter. And so like I said, I kind of think about that more in terms of the shift in operating expenses between the second and the third quarter. On your question on rebates and incentives. It’s really a function of – we go into a quarter. We think about what our expectations on rebates and incentives based on what new and renewed deals we might be entering into. And really, I think the lower rebates and incentives relative to our expectations in the second quarter is a function of what actually ends up closing in a given quarter relative to what our expectations were. So like I said, we do expect that there will be an uptick in our rebates and incentives as a percentage of gross in the third quarter on account of new deals, which we expect to occur in the third quarter.
Sachin Mehra: Hey, Craig, it’s Sachin. So as relates to where our services revenue reside, they are – for the most part, reside between other revenues and our transaction processing fees. It depending on the nature of the service, a, either comes into other revenues. And there is some amount which comes in transaction processing fees to the extent they are related to the number of transactions which are switched. You kind of asked the question as to what services are helping us differentiate and win at the core, I would argue that it’s – if you start from what Michael said earlier, which is ability to gain access to data, utilizing data to analyze and provide advice to our clients as to how they can optimize their portfolios, how they can end up growing their top line while still managing their expense base is a key enabler on one side. And then separate from that, a pain point which exists, which is around fraud, is another area, which where our – and our cyber intelligence capabilities are a key differentiating factor.
Sachin Mehra: And Lisa, you can see the effort of both organic and inorganic build that we’ve been trying to do in that space. The organic build was the tokens and the investment that went into developing the idea and building these capabilities. And the inorganic build includes Ethoca, RiskRecon and other such efforts. And then the organic expenses on those to help them expand their reach. So it’s kind of a combination of that, that come into our system. And that’s the discipline we follow on our acquisitions. And for a couple of years, we tell you that this is ex-acquisition. And then after that, it’s in our base because that is how it has to be.
Sachin Mehra: Hey Tien-tsin, it’s Sachin. So yes, you’re seeing the spread take place in the second quarter between what you would expect in terms of a greater decline in credit and actually pretty good growth in debit. I would tell you that some of the second quarter numbers are impacted by the stimulus programs, right? So as more and more money gets deposited in people’s bank accounts, they’re utilizing the debit product to go and access that amount.
Sachin Mehra: Correct. And so I do think you’re seeing a little bit of that impact come through. But by and large, if you just step back and you think about where we are from an economic standpoint, given the uncertainty in the economy, people tend to rely more on a debit product than they do on credit, right? And kind of – the reality is, we’re well-positioned to capitalize on both those trends, i.e., the fact that people are accessing their stimuli funds through debit products. But also the fact that our strength in debit, I mean we go on a global basis and you think about our presence in debit globally, we stand well-positioned to take advantage of that situation as people spend more on the debit product. So look, I can’t tell you where it’s going to go. What I can tell you is we’re seeing a little bit bump up in terms of our debit growth rates in the second quarter driven by the stimulus program.
Sachin Mehra: It’s Sanjay, I’ll just add to what Michael just said. I mean we should think about border restrictions even in the context of U.S. and Canada and U.S. with Mexico, right? I mean we typically think border restrictions that we are thinking for Europe. But to the extent border restrictions are lifted between the Canada and the U.S., the U.S. and Mexico, important corridors, by the way, from a cross-border travel standpoint, those are good things for us to have. Secondly, the travel bubbles, which are being created across various corridors, as you think about in Asia-Pacific, between Australia and New Zealand, between China and Singapore, as those start to come into effect, we’re going to see probably some of the impact of that come through. I don’t know when. But I think those are things to keep your eye on as well.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Let me start on that, and then Ajay can chime in. So on the services side, when you look at the different elements that we have in our portfolio – so here is starting off with cyber, there’s an immediate need. So from a customer demand perspective, there is a pull. So in terms of this help is needed right now, there isn’t any debate. And that makes it fairly easy from a cycle perspective. Most of our solutions other than what we call generally network delivered. So that is relatively straightforward for us to switch on such a capability and make a difference. At the other end of the spectrum would be strategy and consulting projects, which involve potentially some travel. And here, we’ve had some impact, those of sales cycles take longer. The demand is lesser because people are worrying more about it today versus the day after tomorrow. So that’s what I would say where we are on that. We see it, the scaling for the network delivered stuff is good. The people delivered stuff, we’ll continue to engage. And we do believe, as I said earlier before, being a partner, the best possible partner that we can be in the crisis, let’s say, with our data analytics, test-and-learn platform or our cyber platforms, make us a good partner for the longer-term things as we go out of this. Governments, for example, they’re looking at longer-term strategy products. Open banking is an opportunity like that. At any given point in time, there’s a whole set of services and engagements around real-time payments, and we expect those to really pick up over time.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. And Dave, to your question around card growth, we’re seeing growth across both credit and debit. There’s a little bit stronger growth across debit, and you should expect that. And the reason you should expect that is just general propensity to spend on debit. But also all the work that we are doing as a company, on the migration from Maestro to Debit Mastercard. And that kind of quarter-over-quarter, you are going to see that come through in our schedules, where you see there’s a declining card park of Maestro cards relative to what’s there in the debit Mastercard side.
Sachin Mehra: The only other thing I’ll just add is, I think you’re all very well aware about the risk management practices, which are there at Mastercard. We have very robust risk management practices, and those have actually held us in pretty good stead in this instance as well. So we monitor, we’ve got real-time engagement taking place in terms of seeing what kind of traffic is going through our network, as well as put in the requisite collateral measures as and when necessary to ensure that we’re appropriately covered.
Michael Miebach: Yes, Darrin, it’s Michael here. Let me take that. So as you rightly said, there is this accelerated shift to digital, yes, and we see that right now. What does all of that mean for the business overall? Well, first of all, that accelerates the secular shift to digital payments. So that’s all fantastic. But it has a downstream impact into our services, for sure. So more digital transactions versus more cash transactions is more data. More data means more desire and more need for data analytics capabilities, but also to protect that data. So our cyber solutions are going to benefit from that in the long run. We’ve clearly seen that. As long as the underlying trend to digital continues, which we believe it will, our services portfolio, which – it hits right on to these points should be benefiting. Next question please.
Michael Miebach: Yes. I just have one point to add to that. As we turn out of the COVID pandemic, I was talking earlier about understanding the crisis reacting to it and planning for the future. Our test-and-learn stuff works almost like a hook. The crisis got us engaged on test and learn at a much greater scale than before, and that leads into conversations in more in the BAU realm of our business around payments with our customers. So we talked about planning processes on branch opening and what retailers are doing to stocking their shelves and so forth. But that leads into payment opportunities, which is, again, a way for us to differentiate and win in payments. Now on Finicity. So I have to say from the first interaction that we had with the Finicity team, with the leadership team, with Steve and Nick over there, the founders, we felt a very strong cultural affinity here. So here is a company that has been the leading voice and setting up the FDX, the financial data exchange approach. Transparent business model, a model that works for everybody in open banking, open and that is for fintechs, it’s for banks, it’s for consumers. They have been a voice in that for years. And that’s pretty much exactly where we are going. When you dig a little more into the detail, you see a company that has very strong relationships with U.S. banks. I talked about the connectivity earlier. But they have a series of agreements, data sharing agreements in place with several of the large U.S. banks, Chase, Wells and Capital One, for example. So there is a really good reaction that we got – once we announced the deal in terms of our banking partners is saying, this is a good partner for you. When it comes to data quality, one of the important things that matters for fintechs and banks alike as well as consumers, is that the data quality of what is being shared here is at the highest point. It is cleansed. It works at all times. And here, Finicity is clearly a leader. The applications that they bring, specifically around credit decisioning makes Finicity a leader. This is something that I believe is a very useful. Use case. It’s one that will be needed, certainly as we come out of the crisis. If you think about their boost product, here the company was thinking around financial inclusion for a while. As we have with the boost product, it basically helps people improve their credit score, so they can get access to credit. So all around, I see clear differentiation, of Finicity versus other players that make them, as far as I can see, our best possible partner.
Michael Miebach: Hey, Lisa, it’s Michael here. So let me take this question. As you rightly said, we talked about it earlier. We see fraud rates increasing, more transaction happening digitally. So there’s no surprise there. Our broad strategy is along a number of pillars. We want to prevent fraud to start with. As and when transactions occur, we want to ensure that authentication as best as possible. We want to help our customers assess their cybersecurity status to start with. So those are the key dimensions of our strategy. But here you pointed to an important aspect here. The underlying components of the digital economy, like tokenization that we have invested so much effort in over the last couple of years, come to play here. And tokens can do many things. But for once they – what they do is, because it’s a onetime token, this, a compromise transaction cannot be used by anybody for anything else. So what it does is it makes it safer, but it also drives a great user experience because the approval rates are going to be higher. So that effort is paying off significantly. So we keep expanding our capabilities here with RiskRecon. I talked about cybersecurity readiness. That is – we can run fast enough right now. There’s – everybody’s seeking all those merchants that are coming online these days, trying to establish an online business. We see great demand for that. And then, of course, once transactions happen, and there might be faulty transactions of some sort, the whole charge back process comes into site and here as an ecosystem leader as a custodian of the payments ecosystem. We’re putting out our solutions to help making chargeback solutions. Go away even before, a chargeback is actually filed. That’s what Ethoca does for us. So around about, I think we’re quite well positioned here. But tokens, as you said, make a real big difference.
Michael Miebach: All right. Let’s go open banking first. Meanwhile, I can think about this question in the back of my mind. All right. Open banking. So open banking is in the end all about putting control into the hands of a consumer to use their data, in this case, the data in their bank accounts to get access to better financial services just generally benefit from the data. So that’s the whole principle. Our strategy is, when you look at this ecosystem that’s opening up here, is you got a lot of fintechs out there, third-party providers that are coming in and wanting to provide such financial services, and there’s a lot of banks that hold that data. So we believe there’s a role for us to be a trusted party in the middle between the fintechs and the banks and all that based on consumer content to provide seamless transactions and make sure that everybody is a good player and enables the consumer to benefit from their data. So that’s broadly the strategy. We have built those solutions in Europe. We brought them to market last year, Connect, Protect, Resolve. I talked about it earlier. Good progress there. 11 countries, 2,000 banks on that works really well in Europe. And then here in North America, there’s a market that grew up in a different way, not driven by regulatory pushes in Europe. But basically, incumbents are there that having slightly different models on providing such services to consumers. We looked at Finicity here, as I laid out earlier, a good fit for us. That will be our starting point in North America to assume that trusted raw between fintechs and banks. In the end, what I see is us participating in data transactions or in payment transactions, both will happen in the world of open banking. And as we participate in car transaction and build a portfolio of value-add services on top of that, it makes those transactions better and differentiated from Mastercard, as we seek to do the same in open banking. So in terms of open banking applications, I’ll give you an example out of our world of loyalty services, our pay with rewards API, that would be something that we seek to deploy to the fintechs that are participating in the open banking ecosystem. There might be a neo-bank that says, I want to have a pay with rewards capability and here’s a premium API from Mastercard. And of course, around all of this is everybody is trying to figure out their open banking strategy, it’s a great opportunity for our consulting business for advisers. So infrastructure, application services is the way that we think about a go-to-market. And I think with our organic stuff and Finicity, we have the tools that we need. Now that gave me just two minutes to think about the colorful question. So you know what? We have been since this whole pandemic started, basically locked up together for the last 4.5 months here in purchase. Extended family, I would say. And I first found out all the things I don’t want to be like. And there’s a few.
Michael Miebach: No. But in all seriousness, when you look at our strategy, hope, we’re doing in terms of the accelerated drive to digital economy, we’ve got to just be on that and maximize that as much as we can. But at the same time, I just do want to make the point that we do see, even in these four months, consumer behavior is changing. Yes, people are using more digital services, but also when there is an opportunity to go back on the Street and buy at that local shopper around the corner, then they do that. So the good thing is we have a business that benefits from the trend from cash to contactless and cards, and we will continue to drive that as hard as a digital partner. And that gives us the two legs to stand on. And then there’s services. I think there’s a huge opportunity, Lisa’s question. We just talked about it in terms of what else we can do the longer-term trend linked to underlying digital data flowing through. And in places like open banking, we haven’t touched on it. New payment flows, B2B, real-time payments, all that. I don’t see a dramatic change to our strategy because even those are just early steps on where we are. The turban thing, that would basically mean I need to get up like an hour earlier to buying the whole thing. But I don’t want to.
Michael Miebach: Yes. On the cross-border side, so interesting question, just picking up from what Sachin just said. So the full phase framework, what we put in there is, we believe we will see normalization on a path to growth, once social distancing measures and border restrictions are released. So the point about a vaccine will be a good thing to have and medicine will be a good thing to have. But it’s – I don’t think that we’ll see flat travel until that point. We’re already starting to see border restrictions being eased in some parts of the world. Europe, for example, there are some early green shoots there. People do get into their cars and drive across borders. We see domestic travel around the world happening. So once border restrictions are lifted, we will see some increase there. So that is the first step. Then you go into therapeutics and vaccines. So just to come back in a big way, I think you’re right. But it’s not going to be kind of like an L where it all happens at one point. It will be a gradual improvement.
Michael Miebach: Yes. Just a few things to add on that. When you look at Europe, maybe Western Europe comes to mind, but we see a huge opportunity for cash displacement in Eastern Europe. That’s been driving our growth there, so that will continue. And then there’s countries in the middle. Like Germany, which was cash heavy, and COVID has clearly accelerated the trend there.
Michael Miebach: And definitely, at least with my cross-border e-commerce. No, but the point here is the contactless is rising. So here’s a market that is a significant opportunity that’s, again, rising the wave. To Ajay’s point, we are partnering with all the local schemes here, bringing our best practices to bear. So Europe, I continue to see non-cash displacement on differentiation services and opportunity across the board.
