Sachin Mehra: Sure, Sanjay. So, a couple of thoughts. One, in the fourth quarter, you remember last year, we continued to experience elevated levels of FX volatility in the fourth quarter of last year. And those FX volatility levels are certainly moderated by a meaningful extent. You saw some of that come through in Q3. There's more that we would expect at current volatility levels in Q4. So that's certainly, baked into our thinking. And then to your point around rebates and incentives, look, we continue to compete in this market, and we have a strong pipeline of deals. We continue to win, as you've seen, in the nature of the various announcements we've put out. And I would say our planning, for planning purposes, we're continuing to, execute on the strong pipeline. You would expect that contra sequentially would be up as a percentage of our, assessment revenue in the fourth quarter, not too different than what you would see in any other year. We typically have higher contra levels in the fourth quarter when you look at them as a percentage of our assessment revenue. So really, that's what's there. And to your specific point around macro, it's like I said, our base case assumes, a resilient consumer. And that's very much what we're assuming going forward as well. there are always puts and takes depending on markets in question, but broadly speaking, we continue to see a strong consumer.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Tien-Tsin, so a couple of thoughts. First, it's primarily the lapping effect of NatWest. So let's start there. there are always going to be puts and takes by country. I would say that, Michael talked a little bit about in select international markets, we're seeing some level of moderation. I would say in Europe, you're seeing that in the UK. But largely, if you see the decel, which you're talking about, that's largely driven by the lapping of our NatWest win last year.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Will. So a couple of thoughts first. Like we mentioned in my prepared remarks, value-added services and solutions net revenue increased 14% this quarter. I will kind of emphasize that our cyber and intelligence solutions continue to grow at a healthy pace. This obviously is driven by underlying drivers as well as demand for our various solutions which we offer. And we're seeing similar trends in terms of strong demand for our consulting, marketing, and other quality solutions. To your point about the tempering effect of other solutions, that certainly is having a tempering effect. And what we have in other solutions is the relative growth rates from real-time payments, from what's going on from a bill payment standpoint. It's things of that nature which are actually growing at a slower pace, which is, candidly, I mean, something which we should expect. The reality is we've always talked about services in the past. We haven't talked about value-added services and solutions. Now we're talking about value-added services and solutions, which is where you're seeing that tempering effect come through. I think if it's helpful, one of the things which I want to actually also share with you is that this overall growth rate can be impacted quarter to quarter by transaction growth, by comps, and by timing. And just as a reference point, when excluding other solutions which have the tempering effect, our value-added services have grown at 19% year-over-year on a year-to-date basis, excluding Russia. So I think what I'm kind of trying to share with you is there is this tempering effect on other solutions. You should expect that tempering effect to continue. All of that being said, there is the overall strength we see in our CNI and DNS side, which we're actually very positive of, we're seeing good demand in that space.
Sachin Mehra: And David, I'll just add, just as Michael said, I think our philosophy from an operations standpoint is to continue to deliver positive operating leverage over the long term. We will do that in a disciplined manner to continue to drive short, medium, and long-term growth, and we will invest prudently. And we will obviously keep an eye on what's going on on the top line and kind of moderate on expenses as appropriate, as we've done historically. So I just want to reiterate exactly what Michael said there. Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Brian. So on Citizens, the portfolio transition is on track for 2024. You should expect that that will take place over a period of time as opposed to a flip-the-switch kind of environment. Webster, we just announced, which we're super excited about, right? And the portfolio transition will also begin in 2024 and will take place over a period of time. Santander is done. NatWest I already spoke about. The other one, actually, which I kind of point out is Deutsche Bank, right? And there we had talked about conversion of 10 million cards. That conversion has started. It's a combination of debit and credit. It will happen over an extended period of time. Again, it's not a flip-the-switch kind of scenario. And the last one I'd mention is around Unicredit, which is something which will happen over multiple years. So this is not, and when I say multiple years, I literally mean you'll start in 2024 and this will work its way through over a few years. So that's what I can share with you in terms of at least the chunky ones. Obviously, there are a bunch of other portfolios which we went, all the time, but these are the bigger ones.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So first, the reason we do rebates and incentives is to drive volume. I just want to be clear. That's kind of what drives, what we're trying to do, which is to win preference, which allows us to generate revenue from the payment stream, as well as to deliver services to drive our net revenue yield. So that's kind of the headline. Your specific question around rebates and incentives, right, it's a combination typically of fixed and variable. It depends on a deal-by-deal basis. If it's a fixed incentive, the fixed incentive is typically amortized over the life of the deal. Variable incentives are variable in nature. They vary with the volume, which are coming through, and they are timed with how the volume rolls on. So that's kind of the highest level. The other piece I'd kind of share with you is, rebates and incentives are typically more indexed toward domestic volumes, less indexed toward cross-border. So those are the salient pieces I'd mention to you on rebates and incentives.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So, Darren, I think Michael covered kind of the competitive landscape. I think your specific question around the divergence, not divergence, but the fact that gross revenue is growing at a faster clip and the incentives are actually impacting the growth on the net revenue side. The reality is in the growth business, the growth portfolio is up front. Going back to the earlier question which was asked, when you're doing a combination of fixed and variable incentives, fixed incentives start to amortize the moment a deal goes live. That doesn't mean the volumes come on at full speed when the deal goes live. Because like we talk, we talk about conversions happening over multiple years. If a conversion happens right away, you get the volume right away and you start to see the associated impact from a revenue standpoint. So there is this lag which exists between when we're recognizing the impact of those incentives and when we would expect at full ramp the volumes to come on as we win deals. But that's more of a technicality as in how the math around that works. I think the bottom line still remains which is we would rather be in the payment flow on a disciplined basis to be able to drive higher net revenue yield for our company than not be in the flow. Because you're not in the flow, you're not getting the benefit of PCE, you're not getting the benefit of cash, which are moving from cash to electronic forms of payment, and you're certainly not getting the ability to deliver certain levels of services which we got out there. So that's kind of the broad philosophy from a competitive standpoint that we've chosen to take here.
Sachin Mehra: Hey, Jeff. So on the U.S. specifically, what you're seeing in the day 21 numbers is, like I said in my prepared remarks, it's primarily related to the timing of Social Security payments between this year and last year. So that's really what you're seeing in the nature of that 7% growth in Q3, which now shows that 5% in the first three weeks of October. So this really, from an underlying standpoint, other than that, there's not much we're seeing in the nature of a trend shift in the U.S. in the first three weeks of October. On your question about how we see Q4 shaping up, it's actually very much in line with what I shared, which is basically a scenario continues to be one of where the consumer remains resilient. I mean, the reality is, unemployment levels are at all-time record lows. When people have jobs, they hopefully are getting their paychecks, which they're hopefully using toward meeting their spending needs. You also saw GDP came out this morning and it came out pretty strong. So I kind of generally think about this as saying our base case scenario around consumer strength and resilience is what we're assuming going into Q4.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Harshita. Thank you for directing that straight to me after a few questions on trends. But, there is certainly a lot going on. So that's for sure true. it's a lot of activity and they have been overlapping, REG-II, CCCA, the Fed on debit. So all this is related in a way, but it's also not related in a way. And I think this is important for us to take them one by one. And, without any particular order, let me start with CCCA, which has been a topic on this call for a little while. this topic is garnering a lot of momentum across our industry and industry participants. We are seeing a more united voice across banks and across merchants to address this point. Senators Durbin and Marshall have been very active over the last quarter since we last walked to attach this particular legislation proposal to other proposals and get a vote. They were not successful. And I think we actively used the time and productively used the time to bring across that this is not good for consumers. It is not good for small business. It is not good for merchants, particularly those who are driving large reward programs. So for all those reasons, we think this is a misguided proposal, a misguided legislation. We'll see where it goes going forward. But I have not been more optimistic on the industry pulling together to making those arguments understood than at this point. So this is CCCA. We're closely engaged on that. Now, on REG-II; so we're in compliance with that. Have we seen any particular outcome? I think it was a question on last call. Do you see this as an opportunity or as a risk? At this point, neither; what I can tell you is we will compete. We have invested billions over the years in the security of our network proposition and we think security is at the center of this whole debate. Can the merchant take away decisions from a consumer here and route this to the least cost and possibly the least secure network? Well, that is what we want to point out. That shouldn't be the case. We're leaning in on that. We haven't seen it yet at this point. So for us to just monitor and see what happens, we'll surely talk about it again next quarter. The Fed debit pricing piece that was put out yesterday is going into a consulting period. Here again, the same kind of momentum across the industry, across the American Bankers Association, the Electronic Payments Council, put out a letter to the Fed on Friday night along with seven other trades, if I recall correctly, arguing that price caps are generally driving market distortions. This is not a good thing. It's not a good thing for the consumer. Yet again, not a good thing for merchants who run reward programs and so forth. So we'll have to see where it goes. It is important, though, to point out that interchange is a balancing mechanism for the industry. It does not directly affect our P&L. So those are important things to keep in mind. For all of those, we see ourselves as an industry custodian to make sure that the arguments around safety and security and consumer choice are fully understood by all stakeholders.
Michael Miebach: And as we were saying earlier, we're monitoring credit availability. Credit availability is not an issue as far as we can see. At this point, it's beyond historic level. It's below historic level. So that's something that is part of our continuing efforts to understand where the dynamics are going. Now on Asia, you answered the question on their strong rhetoric from Asia. I would probably word this differently and say we're not seeing that. We're seeing this is an argument in a broader conversation around where value is coming from, the value of globalization and global connectivity. On the other hand, things like sanctions play into this. It's a very complex mix. And across the world, not just in Asia, there's a conversation around weighing all of that off. So it's important for you to understand that we have been partnering with countries around the world for years. Just take Europe to start with. Early on, we talked about Maestro and Debit Mastercard. We're partnering with a whole range of local payment systems for years. And there are no particular concerns around that. The same is in many other parts of the world. Where this is going and going forward, we'll have yet to see. But it is understood that as part of a globally connected economy and a world where some de-risking plays into that, trusted cross-border data flows matter. People still want to travel. And all of that makes us an important player. Also keep in mind that our capabilities across network level, trusted solutions, cyber-security solutions, gets us a seat at the table. We're seen as a technology company, a global technology company, not necessarily as a U.S. payment brand when we have those conversations because we help across. We enable local payment solutions through those services. So I'm not overly worried about this, but it's an active dialogue where we are seeing some really good things coming out of that. Think about some of the advancements in financial inclusion when local governments set up systems that reach consumers that haven't been reached before. That lifts everybody's boat. And that is good for the overall payments industry. So it is a broad topic. We've been engaging through the U.S. government, through other governments, multilateral organizations. And I personally spend quite a bit of time on that topic to ensure that we don't lose the benefit of a globally connected economy.
Michael Miebach: Right. So what Sachin said, he wasn't really talking about tempering in VAS. He was talking about tempering in the other solutions. So I just want to kind of get that straight out. I think there is potentially a little bit of confusion here with our revenue disaggregation and the definitions here. We've talked about services in a particular way for years, and now we have a slightly different definition, as which we shared with you. So I just want to put that out there first. To your question, so we continue to expect strong growth in value-added services and solutions, DNS and CSI, as we said. As far as expenses go, I said it at the beginning, looking at macro, looking at everything that's going on around us, and we have demonstrated this through COVID, we have demonstrated it through Russia, and we will continue to demonstrate as we have a whole range of levers in a not particularly capital-heavy business to adjust our expenses. You've seen us managing for positive bottom-line and top-line growth on a year-over-year basis. We're not managing this quarter by quarter, but that is always something that we keep in mind. So our financial discipline will continue here. We have no reason to change that. It's working well, and that is the disciplined way to do this. Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Thanks, Dan. As you can appreciate, I keep a close eye on the German market very specifically, and I think there's a lot of confusion and we're not seeing that. Consumer spending remains pretty steady in Germany and generally in Europe. Sachin talked a little bit about one U.K. might have a little bit of moderation here and there, but overall we're not seeing that. So what we see on the other hand, as is strong growth for us in Europe on all the migrations, on our debit maestro migrations and so forth. So Europe's been a bright star, continues to be for us. So we don't quite relate to what others are reporting.
Michael Miebach: Let me start off here. So I want to reiterate what Sachin said before. We are trying to win portfolios that are important for market relevance perspective for us to gain access to transactions to drive our services model and, follow through on that virtuous circle that I talked about earlier in my remarks. So that's the whole idea. We keep net revenue yield in mind as we do all of this. That is the integrated payments competitive landscape. Payments is competitive. There's a lot of players out on the landscape. we like competition and we feel we have a truly unique proposition between our payments and digital solutions on one hand and our services on the other hand. So when you think about Unicredit, so why did they come to us? Well, they were looking at our proven track record in our engagement with Unicredit for the expanded relationships and supporting their customers. They like our sustainability agenda. On Citizens, it was a similar kind of mix and on Webster, yet again, it was a similar kind of mix. There's always something across the portfolio of services that sticks out. Citizens, I recall a conversation on open banking, for example. That is clearly one that mattered and the sustainability agenda yet again. So it's a mix. There is nothing particularly new here. We always weigh off the volume growth that we can see with the incentives that we give to make this whole equation work for us in a very disciplined manner. We do not want to win. So we're very disciplined about that and I don't see anything out of the ordinary here, but I want to hand over to Sachin to give us a little more color on that.
Michael Miebach: Right. So this is a combination of bill pay, of open banking. This is for us sitting in the new flow space. Very specifically, what we are addressing is trying to bring value to ACH flows. These are, somebody paying a doctor or things like that. And how do we add value to this is by plugging onto a flow that would take place and might not happen because of insufficient funds on an account. We're putting in our open banking connection to make it clear is there a balance on the account. It's called the payment success indicator. That is the product. And it is a per-click fee related to the API call. So that is the model. That is bringing value to a part of the payments industry where there wasn't a particular problem to be solved and not anybody willing to pay for it. I think we're starting to find these corners where there is real value that we can bring. So for us, this is TAM expansion. This is new flows. And as I said, we're bringing our unique combination of services together. We are in real-time payments and we are in digital identity and we're in open banking. All of this is needed here to make the solution work. And this is why a player like JPMorgan comes to us to do this for us. And Verizon, to the point about momentum, will now be piloting it. So it would be a little early to talk about momentum. But we'll come back on that as that solution is then rolled out into the market. But it is now live. And that was an important point for us, because it had to be built and put together and we have done that.
Michael Miebach: All right. Hey, Ramsey, let me start off on that. So if you look at how our distribution has evolved over the years, the whole theme of diversification across products and segments also applies here. So we're doing a whole number of things. I talked about our work on acceptance. That is part of our distribution where contactless, tap on phone, things like that, a whole range of new merchant groups scaling these kind of technologies with partners like Stripe. Those are all going into areas that we haven't been in. Then you have other parts of our go to market. We talked about in B2B, we talked about Oracle and SAP. You go over into the world of acquirers. There's a whole range of acquirers, more traditional acquirers, which are our partners. So across the board, it's highly diversified, it's regionally highly diversified. So these blips here really talk about other people's business. But earlier on the question around what we're seeing in Europe, we're just not seeing it in our numbers because we have a highly diversified model. So whatever specific sector focus somebody has that is a partner of ours doesn't necessarily throw through for us. So I don't know if the market got it wrong or not. We're not the Oracle, but we make sure we partner with everybody to drive the overall digital ecosystem.
Michael Miebach: Right. So we continue to believe in the whole notion of open banking and open data at large, where people and businesses use their own data to drive toward better services and better propositions for them. So the idea stands. And I think the idea gets hold and hold. If you look at Europe with, more regulation coming in, looking at PSD3 and so forth, you're looking at the CFPB here in the United States putting out some thoughts on how regulation could look like. For us, I put this in context of the idea is understood. How do you make it safer? What does that need? It needs trusted parties in the middle. We're in a world full of a bunch of bilateral relationships where people exchange data in a not so safe way. That would be a bad world. That's what regulators want to prohibit. We're coming in and saying we could be one of those parties that really bring the idea to life for consumers. I can use my data for better financial services. So when I look at what the CFPB has put out, we largely support the idea. It aligns very well with our data responsibility principles that we put out. It's your data, the consumer. You benefit from it. You control it. It is our role as a company to keep it safe, and we're very good at that. So our interlocking circles stand for trust. For open banking to work, you need trust. I think that is where we're going. So we're engaging. In fact, we're oftentimes in the room when these things are being thought about. In Europe, we were very much part of the dialogue on how data privacy on this context will look like.
Michael Miebach: Yeah, Jason. So, look, we're not updating anything on the three-year outlook at this point in time. It's like you said, the first year actually turned out to be a very nice year. Again, in the second year, we've delivered quite strongly year to date, and then we've shared with you what we think will happen from an expectation standpoint in Q4. The one thing I just want to kind of orient everybody to is that we're in a very, very volatile time, and the world has actually changed quite meaningfully since then, which is what I'm alluding to here is the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and our suspension of activities in Russia. So that's something to keep in mind. We certainly keep it in mind as part of the fact that what we were assuming at that point in time in period Russia right now, obviously we don't have revenues related to Russia, which are coming through. But beyond that, I have nothing really to share in terms of updated thoughts around our three-year outlook.
