Sachin Mehra: Sure, Darrin. And let me take that. I'll take the cross-border question first. So, what we're seeing from a cross-border standpoint is very much in line with our expectations. We continue to see double-digit growth across most of our regions, and we continue to actually expect mid-teens growth for the full year 2019. They drill down a little bit more into it, what we're seeing is that U.S. inbound and outbound cross border volumes are very much in line sequentially, China cross border growth continues to be also stable in that low double-digits range. Europe continues its strong trends there The fintech leadership position that we've got in Europe and in particularly in the U.K. as well as our commercial travel programs are too particularly strong contributors that we're seeing here. So all in all, actually, what I tell you from a cross-border fence standpoint, in line with our expectations, we continue to believe that we'll deliver mid-teens growth for the full year of 2019 and really things look pretty good. On your question as it relates to expenses, you're right, in Q3, the expenses did come in lower than our expectations. We now expect that those expenses will be incurred in Q4 as per what I just shared with you. Holistically, what I would tell you is that for operating expenses, on a full year basis, we continue to believe that we'll be at the high end of high single digits very much in line with what we've shared with you previously as well.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Tien-tsin. So, yes, you're right. Services came in stronger than expected. We had, you know, good performance across both our cyber and intelligence solutions as well as our data and services solutions. The one thing I'll remind you about services is they tend to be lumpy. Quarter to quarter depending on the customer deals which we've signed and those which we've executed on, the number is kind of -- move around based on how the execution plans are going on in that. All in all, the performance in services continues to be strong. We've had a couple of, what I would say, stronger than expected quarters between Q2 and Q3 but nothing other than that that I would report as being unusual. There is very good receptivity for the capabilities that we're putting out into the market. As you heard Ajay talk in the script, he mentioned about how some of the wins we've had recently have been enabled by what we deliver from a services capability standpoint and you're seeing all of that manifest itself in the numbers coming through right now.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, thanks, Harshita. You're right. Switched transaction growth continues to be moving along at a healthy pace and there are a few factors which are kind of impacting that. There's certainly the adoption of contactless payments globally. We are seeing good strength in markets in Europe. We're seeing good strength in Canada and in market strength in Australia, but also in the U.S., right. So with the recent launch of contactless payments in the transit systems particularly in the New York area, you were starting to see good adoption come through both from a acceptance standpoint, but also from a card issuance standpoint. So that's kind of one facet which is contributing to switched transaction growth, but I would remind everyone here that besides contactless payments, the fact that we have market share gains and those market share gains are occurring in markets where we have more switching taking place, it is also a contributing factor to our switched transaction growth. And then the final piece, which I'll mention is, as we are working actively to win more switching from what was previously being done on domestic switches, case in point as what Ajay mentioned as it relates to the work bidding in Indonesia, those are all contributing factors which are helping with this trajectory from a switched transaction growth standpoint.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, Ramsey, it's Sachin. I'll take that one. So he're what I'd tell you. I'd say, you've got to think about B2B payments in the context of things which we, as a network, have been doing for some time now, which is addressing them at the point of sale because there are business to business payments we take just at the point of sale, which is our traditional commercial business which has been growing at a healthy clip [ph] and has been any decent revenue contributor over many years. This is our typical T&E products, our small business propositions, our Bcard [ph] products. And then there is in the accounts payable space, which is the opportunity which has and historically been penetrated in a meaningful manner. But over the last four or five years, starting with our merchant card capabilities, we've been making good advances out there. All of that still happens to be on card rails related to payments. The problem statement in B2B actually extends beyond just moving money from point A to point B. It's also about delivering data effectively between the buyer and the seller of goods and services. And as we go down the path of our Mastercard Track capabilities, you will see that a lot of what we are doing in addition to delivering payments is enabling more seamless transmission of data to allow for better reconciliation of those payments. So it's about creating the right ecosystem to be able to capture the data, transmit the data, and deliver it in a manner where the use or the receiver money can apply that data in a useful manner. So that's what things like Track do. So that's kind of one piece you should think about. The other piece comes around the importance of safety and security in B2B payments. And as we've been building new services capabilities in the safety and security space, it will be -- what will help us, also expand the B2B universe. The bottom-line is the following. This will take some time. There is an ecosystem which has got to be built out. There is capabilities which we have invested in and continue to invest in, we will be able to to rollout. Like, the point really is, it's not just about the payment. It's much more than the payment when you think about B2B payments. And then there's real-time payments, which comes into play. Everything I've spoken about right now relates to cards and data. But as we go into the real-time payment universe you will see things like payment and delivery. It's a B2B solution. We just announced that we are piloting that with PNC. That is about leveraging our multi-real strategy to participate in those accounts payable also well beyond cards.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So I'll take the second part of your question first. And I think I need a clarification on your first question. But on the second part, other revenues does comprise services-related revenues. But services revenues also show up in our transaction processing fees. So I think, you've just got to be careful about assuming that there is a one-to-one correlation between other revenues, and our services revenue. Other revenues has other stuff going on in there as well. So that's kind of point one. On the 30% growth rate; about 4 points of that, like I said, came from acquisitions, and then the remaining 30% came from a whole bunch of activity, primarily driven by the strong growth we've seen in our services capabilities both on deal and services as well as on our cyber and intelligence solutions. And Jimmy, I want to make sure I got the first question right. What exactly were you asking? I wasn't sure I quite understood that.
Ajay Banga: Hi, Lisa. Your voice came and went a little bit in between but I got the idea that you are checking on fraud to do with fast ACH as compared to cards is very different. So my -- the first thing is if you get invoice fraud, that kind of happens as part of the game. You get not just the payment fraud, you invoicing fraud as well. So it's kind of got two sides to the story in commercial payments and one of the things that we can do using AI and machine learning is we can help with both aspects of that transaction, the presenter of that invoice to be accurate, being able to search through the invoices they are getting, to be able to find and track invoices that don't fit the pattern or don't fit the trend you should be getting and as well as on the payment side. And then, of course, you get the opportunity for managing authorization levels and approval authorities and the like inside a corporation as well with the tools we can build. And then there's the bigger picture, which is the one we talked about, which is around anti-money laundering at a level in a market as a whole in VocaLink's case in the U.K., because we see so many of the transactions, principally all of the transactions in the U.K. I think once we get P27 and Nets done in the Nordics, that will be the same case there as well as in the Philippines and others. We can actually apply these AI tools to find pockets of money mules and nodes of money movement that you cannot easily find otherwise. Of course, the Holy Grail here would be to be able to connect us across markets, so we can find anti-money laundering trends that also are happening cross border and cross markets. Those are harder because as you know ACH has tended to be whether batch or real-time has tended to be country by country. And so, it's a little more difficult to, to get the cross-border trends as of now.
Ajay Banga: We are now seeing about 56-odd percent [ph] of our transactions. And that's up from 40-something percent 5, 10 years ago. And that's a very conscious effort to see more transactions so we can do more with them in the form of our services business as well, as well as increase our relevance domestically in each country. Once you start seeing more transactions, you're playing a better role in the transaction flow of that marketplace.
Ajay Banga: Brett, it's Ajay. I think this is not an easy answer that will be done in your x month or y year. This is a [indiscernible]. I think of in the consumer payments space where are all the network plays is to create that ecosystem. Start with a directory. Basically, merchants and consumers are two sides of a directory. We need such a directory in B2B payments connecting millions of buyers with millions of sellers. Mastercard Track has got a directory of 200-plus million businesses on it. There is still more to be added. It's been a fragmented system across many countries with many different players. Bringing it together and making it less fragmented is a job that will take years before it actually gets to fruition in its full form. But then you can start building with what you've got. And inside that, we are building with it a set of payments optimization engine on multi-rails. So the buyer and the seller can decide whether they want credit or they want to pay in advance and/or a frac of the bill or they want pay later. All that comes out of that optimization engine. And for buyers and sellers to understand that and to begin to incorporate that, remember, we are not talking big companies here. Those guys are very sophisticated in what they do. Just the big mass of middle market and small businesses that actually need help on this front. And then there's the whole issue of what Sachin talked about, the information and the richness of the data that enables reconciliation of payments to be much more seamless. That's a fairly large tasks and they aren't as easy as connecting points and switching people on. You've got to find your way through all these aspects. So we are working our way through it. So when you see us launching a B2B Hub in the U.S., and I think more banks and other companies into it, those are buyers' agents and sellers' agents, you can see us getting scale by adding more people there. Similarly, in Australia, we launched the B2B Hub with what was MYOB and there's more coming into that that's all part of getting scale. So, as I said often, we are doing a lot of things in this space. You should think of this as a two-, three-, four-year effort to get to scale and size. And that's what we are investing in it.
Ajay Banga: Yes, I mean, we'll play that a little bit by ear as we normally do with an event like this. I think you'll see us do some spending on marketing because, we are keen to get this established, but we're going to start the marketing in a bigger way when there is enough distribution off the button and enough merchants, so that the marketing dollar we'll spend is spent well amortized over many merchants. So I don't know that will be a 1Q event. You might see it later in the year. It just depends on the pace of installation of this button through our distribution partners. You heard me talk about FIS an RDN and global payments and Stripe and others like that, and of course, through all the efforts, we as an industry make directly as well.
Ajay Banga: Hey, what happens in Vegas should stay in Vegas, so [indiscernible]. You're making it on a public call for God's sake, I don't know. Okay. I'm just kidding. So yes, healthcare, so yes, we participate in healthcare through Flexible Spending Account and healthcare saving account, and Health Reimbursement arrangement and all those three-letter acronyms that we've got in the U.S. around health care payments for consumers to the cards, we do those. And you will see us continuing our effort to gain share in that space because that's kind of a lower hanging fruit in the healthcare space to take away one of the pain points in the healthcare payment and reimbursement system. But it's only one. There are plenty more. And the real issue we're trying to do with this announcement is to show you that we are beginning work on those other pain points. We've got a few clients already who have worked with us over the last six months to one year on some of these topics. They include providers like hospital systems. They include payers like individual sort of the insurance companies. And what we are trying to do is to systematize that and make that a business opportunity for our company and take our analytics as well as our payment capability and apply it across this very obvious paint point industry in the United States. For the time being, it's U.S.-centric. So to give you examples, we are talking about getting into what we call a patient payment assurance, which is really predictive analytics to enable the hospital, the provider, the doctor in it to get more effective billing strategies that are tailored to the kind of patient they're getting. So if you look at segment patients basing on payment burden, on individual payment behaviors, and you would develop new billing strategies customized to that patient's unique profile. The second one is to use AI and machine learning to detect suspicious claims and if you go to the insurance companies, they will tell you that fighting suspicious claims is one of the most important things, that's why you as a consumer very often get these detailed inquiries from your insurer, which gets you to be unhappy. All they are trying to do is to fight the issue of suspicious claims. And again, we can help new providers reduce on-boarding risk. We can monitor provide behavior and risk levels. We can manage daily transaction fraud risk in real-time. That's kind of what we do in the payments business. That's why our cyber and intelligence business are growing well. I think we can apply the same knowledge and capability to this marketplace. And then thirdly, we are focusing on data security. And there, the idea is, to use bio-metrics which will allow patients to be identified better and of course behavioral analytics to protect health information. So it's through mobile access being authenticated better to access [ph] the accounts and call centers and patient portals auto-detect cyber threats in real time, so we can lower operational investigative costs, those are examples. So think of us as taking our current capability in payments and data, adapting into the need of a specific sort of vertical called healthcare, both for payers and for providers, and then finding a way to get that into distribution. That's the real task. We will get it out there with enough providers and with enough payers. That's the work we are undertaking now and probably what you heard in Vegas.
Ajay Banga: Yes, so, I mean, I wouldn't conclude that the Citi deal renewing the consumer aspect of 2029 including small business, I wouldn't conclude that that deal had economics from the B2B aspect of our relationship built into it. That's not what I said. What I said was we renewed the Citi consumer deal for 2029 exclusive for Citi branded cards both consumer debit and small business. We are continuing our partnership with the trade services business on things like the Mastercard payments gateway. And frankly, a bunch of other things that I haven't even talked about and as part of our B2B payments, including what we are going to do with real-time payments and cross-border possibilities with the company. Your question is deeper. Your question is that, does this help us go to institutions with a more holistic discussion? I think Don, as you recall from your days even in other institutions, it depends a little bit how well-stitched together their org structure is. In a number of the larger banks around the world, the institutional client group, the corporate banking business tends to be isolated from the consumer group. In others, they don't. And so, in some institutions, they started coming together in portions of it like in acquiring or in a payment gateway and others they're quite distinct. Commercial cards tend to be in one space. Corporate T&E cards [indiscernible] while consumer tends to be in the other. That is kind of how these institutions are run. And so, there is a opportunity over time for us to stitch together our improving B2B capabilities with our consumer capabilities. Certainly, the institutions look at it holistically, but over time, even as others as they come together. And clearly, at the right level of management, we do that all the time. So if you talk to the CEO or the CFO of somebody up at that level -- Mike Corbat was at our office the other day, obviously, we're discussing all aspects of Citi because he cares deeply about the whole of Citi's P&L and that's how it should be. So I wouldn't conclude right now that this has made so much progress that you will be able to get insights that are different in them. It's kind of like two efforts going alone in the company.
Ajay Banga: But your point about will it make switching harder, I don't know. We'll see. By gentle belief is that the more you do with an institution, the more your value is visible to that institution. And that's kind of how we've approached it. And if you have value that you bring, whether it's a merchant or a bank or a telco or a government, they will tend to be more thoughtful on their transactions with you.
Ajay Banga: Bob, the organic growth is great. I mean, I'll give you an anecdotal example but Applied Predictive Technologies, APT is the company that helped us understand what it can do on Test and Learn through their patented [ph] processes, which we've now put into almost all our data and services business. We actually did revenue bookings in them in one month, a few months ago which is equal to what we did in the year we bought them. That gives you a sense of the multiplier factor that a good business with outstanding people can get through the distribution that we can give them and the link to our client base that they we can provide. That's the -- we bought them and then we've grown them organic. So there's that going on. The same is true of new data and what we now call NuDetect. So they get bought as inorganic. Then they get merged into us and then it becomes part of our organic base two years later then it's basically being put through our distribution system to get access to much larger scale. And then we keep adding capabilities into that business through our own team of AI and machine learning and data scientist people who can help us build out the repertoire that that company is willing and capable of offering. Where do you see us doing more of this? Well, as I've said, sometimes we are very keen to continue to expand in everything we do with cyber security and predictive modeling of that space. I continue to believe that digital identity, cyber security, identifying fraudulent transactions, the capacity to identify people correctly companies correctly you you heard me say that on the B2B payment answer a little while ago, that's going to be very important. Similarly, loyalty and rewards, and we've added scale to that and we continue to build that out as part of our managed services business. I continue to believe that to be an area where you will see us focusing. You will see us focusing on anything that can help us with AI and data analytics as we go back. These are to me all important spaces in services as distinct from what we might want to do in real-time payments and B2B. I think that's the kind of space you'll see us focusing on.
Ajay Banga: Yes. And again, if you go back to what we've articulated previously as part of our strategy, which is we will participate at the infrastructure level, at the application level, and the services level. So if you think about services, that is something we will apply not only to card rails, we will also apply it to our non-card rails. The question really is where we started, which is mostly our services capabilities have been focused on servicing our customers on the card side. As we keep building out our B2B capabilities on the non-card side, that is very much going to be a focus area where we go from a services capability standpoint.
Ajay Banga: So, Dave, as I said in my opening remarks, no more real color I'm going to give you as it relates to specifics on revenue growth for Q4. We did mention that we believe our net revenue growth for the full year will now come in at the high end of the low-teens rate, which is up slightly to what we had previously shared. And look, it's business as usual, right. There's lots of puts and takes, which take place as it relates to how our revenues are growing. I think the bottom line, which I would leave you with is the following. The driver growth continues to remain strong and that's across the board, it's true for GDV, it's true for our cross-border. It's true for switched transactions. It's true for our other revenue line item. That's point number one. Point number two is, we did talk to you a couple of weeks ago or about a month ago at our Investor Community Day and, well, I'm not updating our three-year outlook at this point in time. We did mention to you at that point in time that we still expect our three-year outlook to be as what we mentioned at our Investor Day. So look, I mean, the bottom line I would tell you is the following, we are running the business to make sure we're driving valuables in the short, medium and long-term and that's what we'll continue to do on a going forward basis.
Ajay Banga: Sure, Craig. So I'll take, I'll take the question you've got as it relates to deal renewals and stuff like that. Look, I mean, I think you've got to keep in mind that the renewals which you hear about every quarter are not happening primarily within the quarter. In other words, they might close in a particular quarter but they're typically in the works for a while. So when we share with you our outlook, which is what we've shared with you both on this call for 2019, as well as the Investor Day for our three-year objectives they contemplate this level of renewal to take place. So I wouldn't call anything special out as it relates to unusual activity from our previous and incentive standpoint, all contemplated in what we shared with you in these various two forums. On your other question, as it relates to the Omni Billing solution for Net, it's a very solid capability, it is one where we see is the potential for tremendous amounts of synergies, both in terms of how we expand that capability globally as well as how we bring some of the capabilities that we will acquire at the time we close the transaction due to our Bill Pay Exchange, which we've announced in the U.S. So again, I take you back to the use case and the application layer associated with real-time payments in this instance being bill payments, sizable opportunity in a global basis. We believe we're well positioned both with our Bill Pay Exchange capability as well as with the closing of the Nets transaction with what they bring from anomaly standpoint to be able to take that and take that end mass across the globe.
Ajay Banga: Yes, I was thinking of getting them -- because he was dying [ph] for a question [indiscernible]. So that is for all your questions, I'd like to wrap up with a few closing thoughts. We had another solid quarter, driven by robust business drivers and broad-based growth. We have extended significant relationship with critical partners such as Citi, Bank of America and HSBC. We are doing this while continuing to invest in our business for the long term, including our multi-rail strategy and our wide range of services. With that, thank you for your continued support of the company. And thank you for joining us today.
