Ajaypal S. Banga: Okay, Sanjay. So Nordea, we have signed in the Nordics. We have signed Swedbank some time ago, right? And what Nordea really is, first, is the signing of their consumer credit and the co-brand portfolios, which are primarily driven off credit in the Nordics. What we've also done is that they have expanded into the Baltics as a bank. And in the Baltics, we've got both debit and credit with them. So in the Nordics, we don't have debit with them, we have credit and co-brand. In the Baltics, we have debit and credit. And so when you put all that together, that I said, we'll kind of double our market share across credit and debit in the Nordic and Baltic regions over the next 3 years. Now why 3 years? Because these are phased and we're not doing a master flip on 1 day. It's kind of a phased-in reissuance when the cards come up for reissuing over there. In the Czech Republic, with CSOB, so that one is actually what we're doing there is to flip them into getting more cards with us. We think that because it's such a large player there, we could get a 20% increase in our share of cards in the Czech Republic. This will kind of take between 8 months and 2 years to complete. It's not an overnight flip either.
Ajaypal S. Banga: And we've got a pretty full deal pipeline. So that's kind of why she is so careful about this point.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So Brazil, nothing new that I've heard in the rumblings other than what's been there for a while with imposing taxes in foreign purchases and the like. But I haven't picked up anything new. The part about credit in the U.S. Commercial credit in the U.S., we're actually doing really well. Strong growth, mid-teens. It's consumer credit that we were talking about. And there are 2 parts to it. One part is clearly the part of our working with existing issuers. We've got a mix of issuers, and you know who those are and you know who our competitive brands, has got a mix of issuers. You also know which banks are coming out of the cycle faster, in some cases, than the others. There's only so much we can do on that other than work with the existing portfolios, as you said, to see if there's opportunity for those banks that could exist to work that portfolio harder. But the other part of it has got a lot to do with kind of getting small wins going, whether it be independent banks and credit unions, which we've been doing consistently for the 1.5 years, 2 years but kind of focusing on that. And the other part is co-brands. And co-brands keep coming up. And as they come up, we work with them. But there's also geographic expansions on new products. So a number of the regional banks are going into different kinds of new products in the credit space, so their balance sheet, as you know, was somewhat better than those of some of the larger banks. And those all come up for being available for a discussion. Almost all these banks are in dialogue with us at some stage or the other. So it's a slow fix. It doesn't happen overnight unless you get some big change in the portfolio. But if we do it systematically and we're doing it systematically with the independent banks and credit unions and working with our current customers and looking at all the co-brands, then I'm convinced that over a period of a couple of years, we can make a really big difference to this number.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Yes. Don, I don't know that I'd go that far about being the worst behind. I, honestly -- I'm as surprised as you are, by the first 4 weeks of this quarter. Mind you, it is there in the first 3 weeks, too. So if you look at this data as of October 21, you'll discover a similar trend. So it feels like the fourth week is similar to the first 3. And I don't know if that makes a trend, but in another month or so, I'll feel a little differently. Right now, I just see a complicated economic environment out there. I see, and I've said this openly, I think of the U.S. as being in actually a relatively better shape as an economy than a lot of people give it credit for, both between individuals and corporate balance sheets. I think if the government was able to show some degree of clarity and leadership around solving for the cliff, I suspect the U.S. economy could provide a surprise on upside to almost every kind of company. But that has to happen before you can say that. And nobody knows what will actually come out of that over the next month or 2. Now you go to Europe. And like it's been, we feel fortunate as a company. The mix of our business is biased towards Northern Europe and towards the emerging economies of Europe. And that has really seen us in good stead while Russia has slowed in growth a little bit. But when you slow in growth from a large double-digit number to a slightly less large double-digit number, I'll take that every day of the week. And so that's helped us. We are less exposed to Portugal and Ireland and Greece and Spain. We've kind of said in the past that only 5% of our revenue as a company comes from the PIGS economies and that kind of helped us. So I think that part of what you're seeing in our numbers is our relatively high exposure to the economies that seemed to be doing better. In the last 2 or 3 months, I have been in the Nordics, I've been in Germany. So I've actually seen a couple of these economies firsthand. And yes, they do look different from what you see in Southern Europe. As we come to Asia and Latin America. In Asia, China is showing some impact and you read about it. But remember, we don't do domestic processing in China, we do cross-border. Cross-border is just fine, thank you, and that's been helpful. And then you look at India. And India, yes, the economy is slowing, but it's 66% driven by domestic consumption, which is still doing pretty well. And so our mix of business is what is allowing us to weather this storm in the way we are doing it, and that's what's factored into all our thinking when we spoke to you at investor day about how we think about the next 3 years. We think of 2013 as being probably more complicated than 2014 and '15. And 2013 may well bring, as Martina said, our revenue and our EPS somewhere lower than the range we gave you. But remember, it's a cumulative average growth rate we're talking about. We'll probably end up somewhere better in the next 2 years, and that's how we look at our business and its mix. It's a long answer to a simple question. But actually, that ain't a simple question, Don.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Chris, the only thing I'd add to that is that you asked specifically about Visa's pricing strategy. And yes, they've got that pricing strategy rolled out over there. We are not playing the game the way they are. This is my own understanding. I think they are impacting the regional networks more right now with that pricing strategy than the wins that we've got, but that could change. So we are very carefully watching it. We've got great MIS now. We've got great ability to track this stuff by merchant, by geography. And our team is very conscious of keeping our head above water on what we are doing here. So that's what we are up to.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Well, I've got Noah sitting next to me right here, so Noah is going to chat with you about that. Go ahead, Noah.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Well, who knows, right? But I mean, at the end of the day, you've got to remember, we don't make money out of the interchange. And so we've got -- as what exactly we've discussed in many countries around the world, pricing, our ability to price our work with issuers, our work with merchants, yes, the entire market moves around with interchange in terms of economics between merchants and banks. But the impact on us comes more from what happens to total payment volumes and the interest that issuers have in expanding the payments business and the interest that merchants have in accepting electronic payments. And that's the way we look at it, rather than, "Oh, if interchange changes, what happens to my pricing?" It hasn't proven to work that way for many years now. So we keep getting the same question, I keep giving the same answer. So hopefully, I'm consistent with that one, buddy.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So you've got 2 or 3 questions in there. And the first part is this whole MCX has got very little detail on what they are doing, what they intend to do. It's very difficult for me to give you much specific commentary on that. Do they have the resources and the will to do something about MCX? Yes. Does that add up to real payments network? Not really, if you think of what a payments network brings, if you look at the totality of it. So I think there are 2 very different angles in there. We have looked -- a number of them are already business partners of ours, and those are important retailers. And we're always talking with them about what we could do with them and for them. So that dialogue is ongoing. I think the aspect of data, yes, some of them will be collecting more data. But remember this, that the data we have cuts across millions of merchants in lots of geographies. The ability for our data to be somewhat, therefore, more predictive than that of any group of retailers is still very strong. What we do not do, which we don't do even today, we do not collect SKU level data and we do not collect individual names. One of the best parts about our data is that we are not collecting your name. In fact, your name doesn't come to us in the transaction. What comes to is a card number, a merchant code, a dollar value and a time of the transaction. And I think that still remains in our benefit that we aren't actually crossing the line into an individual's name. So our way of using our data is different. And I think there's enough space in this growing big data market for us and some others to be competing. So I'm less concerned about that aspect of it.
Ajaypal S. Banga: The other angle, Jason, is that a lot of foreign tourists were also stuck here. Others may not have been able to come in, so it's kind of worked both ways. It's tough to predict, but there's no doubt that it creates a whole new element of uncertainty in so many people's lives with all they've been through.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So Noah actually ran out of the room as soon as you started your question. He's here right now. Go ahead, Noah.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So not really. There's actually many different parts in Europe, like everything else in Europe, right? And the fact is that if you look to the third quarter, our domestic transactions, now that they're lapping all those humongous wins in the Netherlands, still grew 26%. We're still growing pretty handsomely in the Netherlands per se. And we grew by an enormous number in Belgium. We are beginning to grow in Austria. We are growing domestic transactions in Germany. We've been able to implement a Maestro Fraud Shield in Germany to help reduce fraud and protect all our international Maestro acceptance. And in fact, we think that by the end of the year, 80% of all German Maestro cards, which is a number well in the excess of tens of millions of cards, will be on this tool, which is a derivative of inControl. We are sort of -- we are working with ING to be issuing PayPass-enabled cards in Netherlands starting January. I've talked to you about the Nordea win. I've talked to you about Swedbank. We've got a pipeline of deals across SEPA in this space, both in terms of traditional wins, as well as processing. So I would say to you there's different parts going on. This all the day-to-day business, where there is all the effect of SEPA and the payment systems directive that is still flowing through. There is the issue of what's going to happen with the appeal, as Noah said, and what's going to happen with the green paper. But guys, every bank is moving forward and we are all moving forward with that business. There's no doubt that continued regulatory uncertainty always makes people uncomfortable. But Europe's been having some of this uncertainty for quite a while now. It's not a new event in Europe. So that's kind of where we are right now with all this. Having said that, winning domestic processing in Europe is not something that happens in 3 months. Any one deal takes quite a while to happen. So I'm not sitting and fretting about that issue right now in my numbers for the next few months or quarters.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Crédit Agricole, you're talking about. No, nothing at all. I mean, listen, every big bank in every part of the world negotiates hard to protect their interest and negotiates hard to protect their growth, as with every big merchant whom we talk to. So there's always that pressure with every institution each and every time. It's been that way since 25 years, so that's there. But I can tell you that there's no difference in our conversations with these institutions that's coming out of this. They all want to know what's going on with the green paper. They want to understand our strategy compared to that of our largest competitors. They want to comprehend what our approach is in terms of affluent cards and nonaffluent cards. They want to make sure that they understand what we are doing. But beyond that, it's a pretty healthy dialogue.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So I mean, I'll answer the second one a little bit quickly, and then we'll go to the first one. In the second one, it's absolutely correct that there is a case-by-case approach right now. And the reason for that is no one's clear how this will develop over a period of time. So the traditional role of an operator versus a hardware manufacturer versus the bank versus the merchant versus the network is still moving around. And the one big difference is that everybody's there playing. A little while back, we used to all talk about how the mobile networks would be able to do all this without the banks and the payment network. So I think you've seen that dialogue completely change through the efforts we've put in. We now have 30 of these partnerships around the world. I talked about it a few -- a little while ago today. But if you add up what we've been doing over a period of time, there are a ton of these around the world. I remain convinced these will take time to come to fruition. I remain convinced that infrastructure has to be built, that these economic terms have to be agreed to, that consumer behavior has to adjust and adapt for it to come to fruition. One of the aspects of infrastructure that could help, which has not to do with mobile payments, it has to do with the other side of this, which is your first part, which is the mobile as a point-of-sale, which could transform the acceptance of casual merchants, smaller merchants and merchants with inadequate fixed line infrastructure in countries like India and South Africa and different parts of the world. There's momentum. We've invested in a company like iZettle, for example, which is out there trying to build this. We've got a great partnership with Square. We're actually talking to them about going to countries outside of the U.S. There's other players. There's Rev. There's a couple of other players out there that are trying to think about how to use alternative methods to enhance the experience of using a mobile as a point-of-sale. We ourselves are doing stuff as well, which is in MasterCard Labs, that some of you have seen, that also works with using tablets and mobility devices as a point-of-sale. These are all -- they're happening, but they're far out there. What I was talking about in India, for example, with the unique identification authority, with fingerprinting that I've talked about a few quarters ago, that relies on the mobile being -- having a fingerprint reader attached to it in a small village shop, which can then be used to enable transactions from the bank accounts into which a direct deposit of subsidies is made. So there's a lot of work going on. We have developed that technology. It is in our system because we have 1 release around the world. We don't have 1 part of the world as an association. We've got everything together. We've got 1 release around the world. We kind of have this done. And we are ready to bring it into different countries as it rolls along. So we're working very hard on it at the front end. But I'd say it's not going to happen tomorrow. It's going to be a slow build over the course of a few years.
Ajaypal S. Banga: No, Andrew. Nothing has changed on that front. In fact, as time goes by, as we see more of these transactions, I'm kind of hoping that I'll be able to do something with that data to help my Advisors business. But typically, you need to see some years of real data to make that predictability improve even further. So that's not a 2013 event. But seeing more data is really important to our company. It makes a big difference to the values of what we sell in addition to just being a network. And so it's important, and we are working very hard. Whether it be to the SEPA question that Rod was asking or your question right now, it really matters.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So you're stealing my closing comments. But that is kind of -- I have every intention to keep using opportunities to put money back in. Frankly, one of the things I'm trying to do very clearly and concisely is truly look at the company's tax profile. We used to pay a much higher tax rate. We are working very hard in the company to bring that tax rate down through 2 things. One is consistent proper tax planning in terms of where our different assets are located and how the revenue reaches those assets compared to the tax rates in that geography and considering the tax rates across the United States and that geography. The second is all the clearing up of one-timers that Martina and Tim have done -- and Tim Berger have done an outstanding job on. So my attitude is to use those 2 in addition to business growth that I feel may give me better margins at different points of time and keep putting that back into short-term opportunities. But I also want to put our cash back into longer-term opportunities, whether it'd be the acquisitions of the type, Tien-Tsin, that be it DataCash access or Truaxis or be it the purchasing of patent portfolios from Vivotech recently, which we also announced, I don't know, Noah, for a month or so ago, 1.5 months, 2 months ago? So I'm trying to do a bunch of things that are both short-term and medium-term in nature by using these opportunities. And that's not changed at all.
Ajaypal S. Banga: The improvement, Tien-Tsin, in the 4 quarters -- 4 weeks of October, has been mostly outside of the U.S., and has been in every region outside of the U.S. But in the U.S., it's been kind of the same number as we saw during the third quarter.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Yes, now that Tien-Tsin has stolen them. But guys thanks to all your questions. And we've basically delivered a solid third quarter. And I want to make this point that it's right in line with the expectations that we had as we lapped that exceptional third quarter of last year. We believe the markets are going to stay unpredictable for the next, I don't know, 12, 18 months. But dialing any -- barring any significant deterioration in global economic conditions, we are very committed to our new performance objectives for the 2013 to '15 period. And as Martina indicated and we spoke of in our recent investor day and I just said so again in answer to one of the questions, our net revenue and EPS growth could be slightly below the range early in that 3-year period. Now my view is unchanged. The payments space is a great business to be in. 85% of the world's transactions are still being conducted using cash. That provides us a strong driver for revenue even during periods of overall economic uncertainty that impacts per capita expenditure. We continue to look at targeted investments and partnership opportunities to help drive our strategic focus areas for short- and long-term growth. That's the Tien-Tsin portion. And with that, thank you, all, for your time today, and thank you for your faith in the company.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Sanjay, with respect to your second question on the rebate line. So what I was just saying is that we did actually expect to have a little bit higher rebates than the incentive line in the third quarter than what we have, and that simply what happened is that a number of the deals that we expected to sign in the third quarter are slipping into the fourth quarter. And as you know, from a seasonal perspective, our fourth quarter is typically the highest quarter from a rebates and incentives point of view simply because at that point in time, you have the holiday season going on, you have a number of merchant initiatives and incentives going on. So I just want to make sure that everybody captures that.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Chris, let me take this. First of all, for the quarter, yes, the 12% was the underlying growth rate when you strip out -- most of the differential to the 24% was really related to the new debit PIN business in the United States. I think I want to differentiate between the PIN business and the signature debit business. On the PIN business, as you know, because of the regulatory changes that have to happen in the U.S., there was a big push in the first -- in the second -- really in the second and the third quarter, and that is what we saw into the numbers. Having said that, we're going to continued work on the PIN business, but I don't think you should be expecting going forward to have a similar push to what have to happen, leading up to April 15 of this year. On the signature debit side, again, you should be expecting that we're working those portfolios in a fairly significant way. So we have deal pipelines and you should just expect that you will see these kind of more normal cadence that we enjoyed during time. So whether the 12% underlying growth rate is going to persist, that depends. We have it now for a number of quarters. As you know, it really depends on how consumers are using their debit cards going forward. I think the one other question that you had was in terms of are we seeing any particular losses on the PIN business. Again, as you know, it's a complicated business. So far, we've been able to get a nice share on this. We have not seen any material deterioration on that versus the last quarter, and we'll be continuing to work this space as we see fit.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Jason, when we did the analysis on other of such storms in other parts of the country or in the world, net-net, in the end of the day, you see very little impact, so we might be. When we see our weekly data for this week, we might be. We definitely we'll be seeing some impact, but usually over time, that evens out. And so what you have to understand, if you were in New York City on Saturday and Sunday, first of all, everybody went to the shops, and I am surprised that the shops have any type of food still on the shelves because everybody was buying like crazy and stocking up. This is obviously a benefit because I saw a lot of MasterCards coming out of the wallets to be used for that. Then we probably have a little bit of a down period and, of course, people were not dining. Of course, you have tourists probably laying low in the hotels. Hopefully, they did some good spending there. And then after the storm, you have people starting to come out again. And unless -- I mean, I hope some of the food was spoiled, so they're going to have to stock back up again. And they have some pent-up demand. I believe this weekend, you will see some of that coming in. So in the end, when we look at these kind of storms -- and this was a 2-, 3-day kind of event, so it was actually a relatively defined event. We believe that over the quarter, you are not going to see some impact. And obviously, we're wishing well for everybody who had to go through this terrible storm.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well, first of all, as you know, our fourth quarter has always enjoyed the highest level of rebates and incentives, right? So I'd say you've got to have -- so if you look at our quarterly cadence over the last 10 years, it always was higher in the fourth quarter. And as we told you before, it was really higher in the fourth quarter primarily due to what's going on around the holidays and what we might be doing from a merchant initiative point to view, right? So now secondly, what you're having going on in the fourth quarter is that we have a very robust deal pipeline, as Ajay said. And some of the deals we did not sign in the third quarter, I fully expect them to come through in the fourth quarter, and then you would see a little bit of an up there, too. Lastly, you have just seen for October that our volumes are just a tad higher, not in the United States but outside of the United States, as well as with cross-border. So depending on whether that will persist for the remaining 2 months of the quarter, you might see a little bit of an uptick there, too.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. What I did is I basically talked about our processed volume proxy for GDV and the U.S. And I said it grew up to October 28 at 7%, which is very similar to what you saw in the third quarter.
Christopher C. Brendler: Can you comment on the U.S. domestic debit market? You provided some helpful disclosures there, about half of the growth rate of 24% coming from the PIN debit side. Just wondering, are we completely through the portfolio conversions? Do you have any insight into your pipeline? You've had some nice U.S. wins on the debit side, seemed to have slowed over the last year. I think we're almost full lapping of that, so the 12% -- I guess, my question is, is the 12% for the core growth rate absent those portfolio conversions? And also, where is the track and the trend on the PIN debit side? Are you maintaining your share gains? Has Visa's PIN-authenticated Visa Debit had any impact on your debit wins on the PIN side? Any color would be helpful.
Christopher C. Brendler: Can I ask a quick follow-up? On the acquiring side, there was, I think, a licensing fee. I think, Martina, you actually characterized it as a pricing change in the U.S. in your last public comments. I just wanted to confirm that, that was fully impacting this quarter. My understanding was it kicked in July 1, but I didn't see it.
Christopher C. Brendler: But I just didn't see any sequential change in your growth rates in domestic assessments or rebates or anything like that, so I guess...
