Sachin Mehra: Sure. Firstly, I’m just going to kick it off by saying the fourth quarter thoughts that I just shared with you are very consistent with what we had shared in our implied fourth quarter numbers when we gave you our full-year guidance at the last earnings call, so very consistent in terms of what we’re sharing with you in terms of fourth quarter. But just a few things I want to emphasize as to what our key assumptions going into the fourth quarter are, one is we continue to believe that there will be a resilient consumer and spending from the consumer relative to 2019 levels will be generally resilient; number two, we are expecting stable to slightly improved cross-border travel growth relative to 2019 levels. In terms of rebates and incentives, to your question, as a percentage of gross revenues we expect them to be higher in the fourth quarter. This is very consistent with our seasonal norms, so nothing unusual as far as I’m concerned there, and then also again if you look at it on a sequential basis, back to comparing fourth quarter to third quarter, there is a lapping effect which I think I talked about, so really the summary of what I guess I’m sharing with you is our fourth quarter thoughts are very consistent to what we had actually shared with you previously.
Sachin Mehra: Hey Darrin, I’ll take that question. I guess to your point around inflation, look - persistent inflation for long periods of time which causes a shift in share of wallet away from carded categories into non-carded categories would be the one area I would actually flag as a potential headwind as it relates to our business model, but putting that issue aside, the reality is you’re very correct about the fact that we charge our basis points in cents per transaction, our basis points are [indiscernible] spend, and that reflects the impact of inflation in there.  The reality is, as we said in the past, part is inflation and inflation in carded categories, we are generally--you know, our business model accounts for that because depending on if it’s carded, it doesn’t matter, like Michael said, whether it’s happening in travel or it’s happening in food and clothing - those are carded categories, and you kind of get the benefit of that coming through.  As it relates to your question on expenses, we’ve always remained disciplined on expenses. A thing which we always keep in mind is a few things: one, we want to make sure that we’re investing in the long term growth of our business along the three strategic priorities which Michael talked about. We will continue to do that. That being said, as we demonstrated during the COVID environment, we do have the opportunity to flex our expenses, whether it’s around marketing, whether it’s around professional fees, whether it’s around T&E, it all is a function of making sure we are keeping an eye on the top line and keeping an eye on the bottom line while we’re actually delivering what we need to do from an expenses standpoint, and we’ll continue to do that going forward. The reality is we keep a close eye onto what are the things which are in demand from our customers, what is it that the consumer wants, and we are pulsing our expenses in that regard. An example would be, as you remember in COVID, when travel is out of favor, we started to pull back on A&M related to travel - it just didn’t make sense for us to be doing at that point in time, so we’ll remain flexible on that. Then, there are initiatives which we’ve got which are longer term initiatives which will pay off over many, many years in the future, where we have the opportunity to actually pulse the pace at which we’re incurring expenses on those, in the event we start to see a little bit of a slowdown in terms of top line. You asked the question on pricing. Our philosophy around pricing is very consistent as it’s always been: we price for the value we deliver, and our assumption from a pricing standpoint, whether it’s pricing in basis points or cents per transaction, is very tightly correlated to the value we’re delivering to our customers and to the end consumers and to our merchant partners, so all of that’s very consistent at the end of the day. We assume minimum net pricing net of rebates and incentives from a pricing standpoint.
Sachin Mehra: And Harshita, I’ll just add one additional comment to what Michael just said, which is, as you know, we’ve been investing pretty heavily in our services capabilities, some of which relate to cyber intelligence, and in an environment where our partners, whether it’s the merchants or the issuers, need more of our services to better manage their core capabilities in the online environment, we stand ready to do that as well.
Sachin Mehra: Sure Tien-Tsin, I can take that. Tien-Tsin, I think you know that we’ve been active in the marketplace. We’ve been winning share globally, and that’s just part of the strategy of what we want to do, which is on a disciplined, profitable basis - we want to win share and deliver more in the nature of services on that share to optimize and grow our overall network. I’ll start with that as kind of the headline. But on your specific question on Q4 on rebates and incentives, nothing unusual. It’s a rich pipeline. We continue to be active in the marketplace. We’re not seeing any changed behavior or patterns as it relates to how our issuing partners are in the marketplace, and we just remain active and that’s really the essence of what we’re seeing there.
Sachin Mehra: Sure Ashwin, I can take that question. Firstly, I kind of mentioned that as we said in the last earnings call, we saw opportunity in terms of further recovery in travel. We saw some of that come through in our Q3 numbers. We still believe there is potential from a cross-border travel recovery standpoint, in particular in Asia-Pacific. I shared a metric about how Asia-Pacific inbound cross-border travel at approximately 76% in Q3 off 2019 levels, so that just goes to show there’s some more room to grow there. There are several markets in Asia-Pacific which still remain to be opened. Also, airlines are bringing more capacity back on. As you know from our personal experiences, getting seats on planes is hard and it’s expensive, and so the reality is all of that should be helpful in terms of the potential for cross-border travel recovery. The other point which I think you alluded to, Ashwin, is as it relates to the mix, and the mix is always so important because the mix of cross-border has not reverted back to historical mixes; so said differently, if you remember as we were going through COVID, we first saw a recovery take place in intra-Europe, and you know intra-Europe is generally lower yielding. We’ve recently been seeing a stronger growth pattern in ex intra-Europe cross-border, and so the reality is that mix is not back to the pre-pandemic levels at this point in time.
Sachin Mehra: Yes Rayna, I’ll just bring to light one of the points which Michael talked about in terms of increased trends towards digitization. As it relates to our performance in Latin America in Q3 and going forward, the reality is we’ve been very focused on the conversion of Maestro to debit Mastercard, and this has been part of what we as a company have been doing for a very long time. You are seeing the fruits of that come through, because as you know, as you go down the path of converting Maestro to debit Mastercard, whether it’s a companion digital debit Mastercard or it’s an actual conversion of the card, now it becomes an enabler for online transactions, that digital trend which Michael is talking about. It’s all about us trying to enable those cards, and we’ve been seeing good migration state there from Maestro to debit Mastercard.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, so Jason, I’ll give you--on your first one, and then I’ll get into the FX question which you’re talking about. In terms of Europe, we continue to see good Mastercard performance in Europe. Remember in terms of what you are seeing in our metrics, you’re seeing not only what the underlying economies are doing but also the impact of our share growth which has been taking place in Europe. It’s kind of the amalgamation of all of that which is coming through. In terms of regional patterns, I would tell you that we’re not necessarily seeing any meaningful change in terms of trends across the continent, in terms of how the spending patterns are taking place. The consumer generally, back to our comment earlier around consumer being resilient and strength in consumer, that’s certainly the case.  Now, as you think about different markets, end markets like the U.K., we’re seeing stronger growth. A large part of that is being driven by the fact that we’ve had recent share wins in the U.K., and then there were share wins we’ve spoken about in the past in continental Europe which are still to come to effect, so for example we talked about our win with Deutsche Bank in Germany, that’s still to come to effect. Anyway, this is a mix of all of that which is kind of taking place at this point in time. On your question around FX, I shared with you in my prepared remarks what’s the annual impact on net revenue of a $0.01 change in the value of the euro would be relative to U.S. dollar, which is about $55 million on an annual basis. We wanted to put that out there so you have a sense on what the potential headwind or tailwind could be, depending on what happens with FX rates. The hard part is predicting FX rates, and so given the current mix of our business, that’s the sensitivity which I’d share with you as it relates to how you should think about what the impact could be for 2023.
Sachin Mehra: Just to add to what Michael said, particularly on the remittances side, we’re seeing very good traction take place in terms of cross-border remittances and the capabilities we’ve got there and the capabilities we’re building there. Our global reach out there is holding us in really good stead as it relates to how we are able to tap our partners to generate more and more volume down that path, so that’s a--it’s a bright spot in terms of the broad remittances piece as well.
Sachin Mehra: I’ll just add some color as it relates to--beyond the processing fees, on our efforts around switching and the proportion of our total Mastercard branded transactions, which as you know, we’ve been pushing hard to actually get more switching share. The reality is that is working very nicely. We are seeing growth in our proportion of switch transactions, which now stands at greater than 60% of total transactions worldwide, and that’s super important. Particularly where we’re seeing improvements and progress is in Latin America and in Asia-Pacific, both of which have been generally low index markets from a switch transaction share standpoint in the past, so lots of good effort going on there and we are seeing good progress come through.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. Bryan, what you’re seeing in the nature of yield improvement quarter-over-quarter, this is net revenue yield divided by GDV, you can attribute a large part of that to just mix. As you know, our inter cross-border has come back pretty nicely, and as that has come back nicely, that is high yielding and that gives us the benefit and the deal wins you are seeing on a sequential basis.  I will point out that as it relates to Q4, you should expect that the yield will decline some, which is very consistent with what you see every year. That is just the nature of how the business works, just because Q3 happens to be a large cross-border quarter and you tend to see the benefit of that come through, and Q4 you start to see some of that slow down. Now you asked a question about 2023. I would tell you, we as a business continue to remain very focused on driving and maximizing our net revenue yield, and there’s multiple factors which are going to influence that, some of which is the mix of cross-border domestic certainly, but also things around just like we just talked about, how we are increasing our proportion of switch transactions. The more switching we do, the greater the yield gets, and that’s what we’re focused on. How we talked about the shift from Maestro to debit Mastercard - again, lots of focus around that, and so we’re very focused around driving that.  All of which, when you overlay all the services we’ve been bringing to the market, you get the benefit of that coming through as well, so generally speaking as I look forward, I kind of feel like our focus as a business from a driving yield standpoint continues, and I don’t see anything necessarily which is going to change dramatically going into 2023 from a yield trajectory standpoint.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, so in terms of rebates and incentives, the mix in terms of how we are actually incentivizing to generate incremental revenue has not changed meaningfully. We’ve historically been more focused and we have actually delivered higher levels of rebates and incentives to our issuing partners, that continues to be the case as to where we are actually expending most of our rebates and incentives dollars, and that really hasn’t changed.  As it relates to the mix between rebates and incentives for domestic volumes versus cross-border, I’d say that mix also hasn’t really changed. As you know, cross-border has generally been indexed lower from a rebates and incentives standpoint, and that continues very much to be the pattern right now as well, Ramsey. 
Sachin Mehra: Sure, so there are a few things going on there, where our transaction fees are growing faster than the underlying driver, one of which is the mix change. Really, remember when we make cross-border revenues, we make cross-border revenues on a basis point basis as well as on a cents per transaction, and the component which is on basis points sits in cross-border volume fees, and then some component of cross-border related cents per transaction that sits in terms of number of transactions which we process, which sits in transaction processing fees, which is where the mix effect come through because as we’ve seen inter cross-border grow at a rapid pace, that’s contributing to that delta between what we are seeing in the revenue line and what we are seeing in the driver, because cross-border is higher yielding than is domestic.  There are a couple other factors which caused that differential as well. I talked about FX-related revenues and some level of pricing - those are the two other contributors which go into that, Jamie.
Michael Miebach: Good morning Lisa, thank you for your questions. Let me kick off on that one.  You implied the answer in your question, actually - it is the nature of our continued diversification. Just to remind everybody on why are we diversifying, it is to give us a diversified revenue stream but it’s also to differentiated our payments, and all of that plays hand-in-hand with better services. We’re going to see more payment volumes come out with better services, easier to get into some of the new payment flows - for example, our safety security solutions are well sought after in the P2P space, where there is fraud issues all over the place. All that, I think is a good starting point for us. If I just look back over the last two years where we certainly had a slowdown on the payments side in the macroeconomic overall and services carried the day very significantly very for us, so we’re just going to continue to push harder there. Then new flows, I gave you a whole range of examples earlier on how we are building out the new flows.  To just put some light onto commercial POS, this is existing tools that we have, we don’t need to build a lot for it. It’s a space that we haven’t penetrated significantly in the past, and we are ready and we’re going in. This is a $14 trillion opportunity that we are going after, which is payments diversification going on in addition to our services diversification. Earlier on, the stats on acceptance, just more places where people can spend, in the end people will spend even in a downturn. It doesn’t actually matter for us what they spend on, but if they spend on a Mastercard, we give them more opportunities to do so, so diversification is the name of the game.
Michael Miebach: Yes Darrin, I just want to add one point here, and that is looking back at the last two, two and a half years now, back to the second quarter of 2020 when revenue was severely impacted by a truly unprecedented event out there, so to the power of the levers that we have and the range of levers that we have to modulate our expenses - hiring, A&M, professional fees, T&E, market appetite and all of that, it just shows that we did not have to make any compromises when it comes to driving our strategic priorities. We pulled through on flows, we pulled through on services expansion and so forth. The model is wide and flexible - that helps us a lot, and as I look forward, there is optimism in how we’re going to navigate that. 
Michael Miebach: Hi Harshita, thanks for the question. There’s always something in debit routing going on, so here we have the clarification of the rule via the Fed. It takes all the way back to a decade ago, when there was this requirement to have two networks on every debit card, and basically what the Fed here clarified is that this is applying to whether it’s a debit transaction that’s made online or in stores, so pretty simple, pretty straightforward. Implementation by middle 2023, so we have some time, but we will be ready and we will be implementing. I think really what that does is we will just continue to compete with all the assets that we have in debit. I’m not really sure what this will do to the market, but we will certainly be there leveraging our technology to win more debit in the United States. 
Michael Miebach: Just one thing to add, this isn’t exactly your question, but that whole space had been a focus for us pre-pandemic, during the pandemic, and now. While airlines were struggling with really no flights taking off, we were a strong partner and it showed in how the engagement with airlines and travel-oriented portfolios work now, so we stand well positioned to benefit from the trends that Sachin just talked about, on the services side as well as in the payments and co-brand side, so exciting space. I think our bets are paying off.
Michael Miebach: Rayna, let me start off on that. Latin America, fascinating region for us, highly diverse from super well developed Brazil to markets at the other end of the spectrum, high travel markets with the Caribbean, Mexico, so you have all of that in the mix. It’s really interesting - when you peel the onion of it and you look at some of these markets and you compare them, two of the largest markets for example, Brazil and Mexico, if you look at the digital penetration in Mexico compared to Brazil, there is so much more potential to go, so there is upside in digitization. There is other issues that require some of our solutions. The region has experienced some fraud issues, generally in payments, so our safety and security solutions are in great demand and are a great driver for growth for us in the region while the underlying digitization continues, so you put those trends together, it’s all fairly attractive. Then I talked to you about our engagement in the crypto economy. If there is one place in the world where crypto is really in focus, it’s in that part of the world. Historic pain through high inflation and so forth, people were thinking crypto might be an answer. A lot of innovation in this space, so across all payments services and new payment flows and innovation, this is a region that has shown momentum for us.
Michael Miebach: All right, let me take that. All Visa-related stuff, you should ask them, obviously, so I’m not going to do a direct comparison here, but I can tell you how we are thinking about it.  First of all, just earlier on I talked a lot about the crypto space. I’d just give you one example. Here is an interesting new technology and a growing ecosystem, and what’s the way to get out of your crypto wallet balances is you turn it into fiat and you use Mastercard Send. We were right on this from the first day and we have all the partnerships that do exactly that. Then you go around and basically there is new flows, there is geographies, there is use cases, so those are the dimensions on how we are looking at this. We are very systematic about it. This has to have ubiquity. We’re looking at all regions from a coverage perspective. We’re looking at the key use cases. We’re very selective of use cases because here, you could get lost in a thousand flowers bloom. The examples I gave to you on partnering with large global firms like AirBnB, that is the approach, where you’re going to say you partner with somebody that is in all the regions and covers the use cases which matter to people out there.  That’s essentially the approach on Mastercard Send. It has a domestic angle to it and it has a cross-border angle to it. It grows at significant rates, we’re very happy with it across all of these aspects that I just said.  One thing to add - earlier we were talking about the numbers ex-Russia, so Russia was a huge success on Send from day one. That’s in fact where a lot of our learnings came from. We exited Russia, as you know in March of this year, so that is skewing the numbers a little bit, but the learnings are not going away. We’re putting that into a whole set of other markets, and to the earlier question around Europe, particularly in Europe we see some of those learnings translate in other parts of Eastern Europe countries and so forth. 
Michael Miebach: Right, so Andrew, thanks for that question. You know, starting with Europe but then we could extend this conversation looking at the Middle East or at Asia, so we have processing assets in those parts of the world. Just to illustrate how this matters, there is obviously a whole new set of players that are entering the payment space whose prime raison d’être isn’t really to process, they want to have a great financial app, so they’re looking downstream for a whole set of solutions that complete what they do, make it relatively easy out of one hand, and that’s what we provide. This is really the explanation for some of our progress on the fintech side, on the neo-bank side. Those guys, where we have those partnerships, 70% win rate I’d like to add here, is really to a large extent coming down to our processing capabilities, which are state of the art, modern, fintech-oriented processing capabilities.  It’s been a joy for us to watch. In some parts of the world, we are doing partnerships, for example with Network International in parts of Africa and so forth, so it’s a combination of our own assets where we feel there is scale and differentiation, and sometimes it’s through partners. Overall, there is a good play here in processing and it’s one of the services that we have in our portfolio.
Michael Miebach: Yes, and Sachin just kind of explained the strategy again, and that’s what we’re trying. We’re trying to be in the payments transaction at profitable levels, but then use our services to continue to improve the overall revenue yield, and it’s that combination that makes us look at the future very optimistically.  I don’t really see anything changing here. These are the tools that we have, and we’re using them effectively.
Michael Miebach: Right, yes. I’m really not into baseball analogies, so that’s why earlier I was talking about the first half of the game. But to your question very specifically, B2B, huge opportunity from a volume perspective. We called it out and we cut it down into very distinct types of flows at our investor day at the end of last year, so focus on B2B accounts payable on one hand, but there is other B2B flows which we’re very active in. For example, through all the illustrations I gave you earlier on virtual card use cases, virtual card is the current and most immediate answer to go after B2B flows. There is the commercial POS piece somewhere, which is kind of in an in-between space between B2B and small business, but that’s a huge space with a lot of cash and checks. You build it up over those into the accounts payable piece, and you know the long range vision that we have on accounts payable is really the Mastercard Track business payment service piece, where we say over time we’re building a two-sided network here. That continues to grow, but that takes time. But we have large players around the table - HSBC, JP and so forth, so that’s a good initiative for us, but for now, we are very active on virtual cards to solve the issues of buyers and suppliers in the space. We have not moved away from this by any stretch of the imagination. This is a huge opportunity and we’re going to go after it.
Michael Miebach: All right, let me bring the call to a close. Thank you for your questions, and to all of our investors, thank you for your support.  This morning I sent a note to our colleagues here at Mastercard thanking them for a strong quarter, because they are the ones who make all of this happen, so a shout-out to them as always. With that, we’ll talk to you in the next quarter. Thank you very much.
