Ajay Banga: Yeah, I think it's more likely remain on track despite what's going on. Just the reality is when the dollar's strong you're going to get some lower inflow into the U.S. of tourism. We have seen more Americans travel overseas over the last six, seven months, and that does show up in some of our results in terms acquired volume in countries overseas. The Europeans continue to be traveling, but they travel more in Europe than outside than two, three years ago. There's kind of these trends moving around. Fewer Chinese are traveling overseas, no doubt, and that's all part of it, the way the Chinese economy is. You'll see ins and outs. I don't think I can give you a clear prediction of where it could go. But I don't see any structural change, if that's what your question was.
Ajay Banga: Well, you got to remember that Chase Net is a very unique piece for Chase, which has a certain size of an acquiring business and a issuing business. And they tend to be similar size in terms of market share, and they own the acquiring business. There aren't a lot of other banks around the world that do that directly. It doesn't mean there isn't potential to be discussed with every one of them. And a lot of them were interested when the first set of announcements came out. There is lower interest over time because people are still trying to figure out what the benefits and the pluses and minuses – the puts and takes out on it. I don't think there's clarity yet, but the conversations continue in all kinds of countries. We've done something similar in a couple of countries overseas, but it just depends on the construct of a country.
Ajay Banga: So USAA is a longtime client of ours, and we actually think they're a very good client. So it's pretty sad for us that – inside the company we feel bad about the fact that we no longer have them as our client over the course of the next year. We still are going to be doing work with them on services, on rewards, and debit processing. And in that form we'll remain in contact with them. The fact is that we tried our best to pursue that business, but at a point, we lost out. And that's just the way it is.
Ajay Banga: Yeah, sure, Tien-Tsin. Actually, in terms of economies of scale, this is not a material enough dimension to move when you've got tens of billions of transactions and so many clients. Look, we win business and we lose some business. It's the nature of our business. When it's very large, it can make an impact to the way we think, but remember that Chase was a very large movement away, and we still navigated our way through the years delivering on our three-year commitment. USAA is nowhere near the size of Chase. You all know that. And so it's well factored into our thinking, but it's not a scale versus pricing issue. At the end of the day, it's not just pricing. There's a lot of factors that go into winning and losing deals. Pricing is one of them. Pricing's always a first conversation in a B2B business. And we kind of felt at some point in time, this was a business we couldn't win, and we had to get away from it. It's very sad, because as I said, good client, and somebody we had for 30 years. But we're going to still keep doing business with them in portions of processing with rewards and the like.
Ajay Banga: And, Jason, back to the commercial cards, I think they continue to be area of growth. We just spent a little time, as you remember, at Investor Day on the topic. And we recently signed a deal with Barclays in the U.K. We're continuing to see sort of strong adoption of our product Smart Data, which is our reporting and reconciliation tool, as well as InControl, which is the virtual card question you were getting at. What I'm also seeing is some increasing interest beyond the typical bank card issuers, and you see technology providers who kind of embed commercial payment solutions either into their software or their platforms, and as well as some payment aggregators in verticals like insurance and healthcare. All-in-all, this global business remains robust. We are looking at low double digit volume growth over the past several quarters, and there's no doubt that virtual cards are a key part of that growth area. As you know, InControl, when we bought Orbiscom years ago, InControl came with some IP protection around the virtual card space, and it's embedded into what we're doing in the commercial space.
Ajay Banga: There've been discussions over time. I wouldn't call it a steady stream. It's kind of some banks pursue it for a period of time; others come in and out of the discussion. I'd say every once in a while, there are conversations on it with different banks here. Just – it's not – there's nobody else who's got that same position. But, yes, it's something that we're doing overseas, as I said, in some countries, and there's always the opportunity to do it in the U.S. as well if the stars and the moon align.
Ajay Banga: So 40% of them are capable is what I said, and I actually don't have a specific number off the top of my head as to how many are using it, but we've seen tens of millions of EMV transactions already between this last few weeks. So it's picking up. I'm quite hopeful that the way the Payments Security Task Force, that is set up between the industry and merchants some time ago. That Payments Security Task Force had some assumptions of how cards would get replaced and how terminals would get upgraded, and while the end of 2017 is when all the cards get replaced, it's actually not a linear line to there. It's pretty high already at 60-odd percent by the end of this year, and I think by end of next year, it's mostly done with a few left in 2017. It's a similar trend for terminals. But, remember, smaller merchants will take longer because they've got to work through the ISO network, and there's a whole game out there to be played. But it's – over the next couple of years it should be quite well embedded.
Ajay Banga: So the first part, the part about adoption. Building acceptance is a relatively long marathon, and we've kind of all forgotten that, because we've built it into the physical space over a period of time with cards, and as cards became more or more ubiquitous, acceptance tends to grow faster. But we know what it's like to build acceptance in emerging markets, for example, where the infrastructure may not be as strong or where the number of cards in people's pockets may be lower. It's a little bit of a chicken-and-egg. Merchants begin to accept electronic payments when there's enough pull from consumers for that. Consumers also tend to pick up electronic payments when there's enough acceptance for them, and this symbiotic thing takes a little time to pick up and roll on a mountainside – a bit like a snowball rolling downhill. Think of it that way. And it's pretty much the same here. PayPal's been around for a long time. They've done a very good job of building their acceptance. We've only started a little while ago, and I think as you make progress on building acceptance on this, you get chunks of merchants at some times and other times it's a one-by-one kind of thing. One of the things we had learned is that it's really important to build acceptance for this in the day-to-day merchant usage category, because that will encourage consumers to use their MasterPass wallet or their bank wallet more often. And the moment you do that, the merchant gets reinforced because this is a good thing to connect up with, and that's what we're trying to do. So you'll see us make a lot of effort on this as you'll see the whole industry making efforts over the last year or so. You'll see us all doing this for the next couple of years. And don't judge MasterPass or the digital payment system as a whole by a sprint. Judge it as a marathon. Otherwise by that logic, none of the current mobile payment or digital payment systems have reached any scale. Don't do that, because I think it's a cumulative effect over a period of time. That's the way I'd look at it.
Ajay Banga: So I think MCX is interesting. I haven't changed my opinion about the – my previous view. I haven't yet seen anything new roll out from them. I consider them to all be very large and useful merchants with whom we have many relationships. And so we're kind of working with all of them. And we'll see. We'll see when they launch something, which – and what the consumer experience is. Finally, in digital payments or mobile-based payments, a lot of this is going to be about the consumer experience, because if it's going to be clunky, then what problem are you trying to solve with that technology that the consumer's feeling today with a card? You're not solving for their convenience and for the ease of use. And so it's all about the consumer experience in addition to all the other elements of the ecosystem. So I'm waiting. I'm working with them. We meet them. We talk to them. We'll see. The staged wallet fee is very much something that's a principal policy in our company. We believe that if you were to take funding sources from different sources and not provide clarity to the merchant, the consumer, and the issuing institution, at the end of what funding source was used for what purchase, you're kind of mixing up a lot of things. You're mixing up a lot of the issues in the marketplace, including how you provide customer service and the value of different payment systems, both for the merchant and the consumer and the issuing bank. So we've kind of got a policy around that, and we're sticking to that policy.
Ajay Banga: So you had a second part of your question, which was about tokenization and all that mixed up inside that. And the safety/security business to me is about prevention, detection, and finally enhancing the experience of the consumer and the merchant and the issuing institution. And we're actually building a strategic path process in it over the last couple of years, not just selling product. And you're seeing the result of some of that beginning to show up in our revenue lines. I'm quite hopeful that safety and security will be a good way for us to grow. We are a natural provider of some of these thinkings for those people in the ecosystem. And it's necessarily a part of what we do. For a consumer we've got ID theft solutions to we've got Authorization IQ solutions for merchants, to issuing solutions to using data, to all that. And we've got new technology stuff coming in where the tokenization comes, but also "selfie pay" and biometrics and heartbeat monitors with Nymi. And we've launched that with TD Bank in Canada. This is the whole series of things in this space. I don't think tokenization itself should be counted as a revenue stream per se. Tokenization is probably like table stakes; we don't charge for EMV. A chip manufacturer may be charging some money to provide the chip. We don't charge them extra. That's table stakes in digital. So that's not what I'm trying to do with tokenization. Kind of make it safer, most secure, EMV type security in digital for the future of payments that are going to grow digital. But there's a lot of other places in safety and security where you can make good money and good revenue for providing a service that people can opt into and use. That's what we're trying to do.
Ajay Banga: There's a lot of questions back and forth on Visa and Visa Europe. I think we've answered them a few times now, but I'll go over a couple of parts for you. And the first one is that whatever price and whenever the deal happens, there is going be some period of time during which the integration of these businesses from a technology, culture, operation point of view, will take some energy, effort, and dedication. And we've seen that in our prior transactions in MasterCard even before I joined. Not just at the IPO, but even before the IPO with the purchase of Europay. And there is a fair amount of work and challenge that needs to go into it. That'll happen. When that's done over a period of some years, there's no doubt that one of the things that we do use today to go talk to global banks or global merchants – and recognize there aren't too many global banks left, but there are global merchants – the ability to offer a unified proposition. That one, which was unique to us in some ways, will no longer be unique to us. And that'll change the competitive landscape in some ways when this integration is completely done. In the meanwhile, there'll be lots of moving around and lots of opportunities. And you yourself raised some of those around maybe it's pricing, maybe it's deal terms, and all those could be interesting ideas for us to explore. We're going to try. And as you can imagine, we've got people who have been thinking about this for a while. I'm pretty certain that as Visa is going through their thinking, they've got people thinking about how to prevent that from happening, and that's the usual game in B2B. It'll be a lot of fun.
Ajay Banga: Craig, I mean, that's a very specific certain aspect of our business, right, and I don't know all those numbers you just talked about because some of them are unfamiliar to me and probably known to somebody else who may have done deals of that type. But I don't know about those. I do know that at the end of the day, interchange, which was once upon a time, many years ago, just basically a announcement that went out with some kind of levels built in for category of spend, over the years, as you've noticed in many parts of the world, interchange discussions aren't that inflexible, and they do have discussions with merchants. It's not just in the United States; it happens elsewhere as well. If you, for example, were to look at the interchange on a high-value payment for electricity bills or for utilities, it's very different from the interchange in a different kind of store. And so, in a way, in fact, the setting of merchant discount rates and interchange based on these kinds of conversations between merchants and acquirers and networks and issuing banks is part of what the industry is dealing with. And I don't know that that's such a bad thing. I think in fact if anything, it makes some of the claims of there being only a one-sided perspective of this pricing being one way a little less tenuous, a little less provable, because if these transactions are being discussed, then at that point of time, that means there's a relatively open negotiation between some categories of merchants and some acquirers and some issuers and some networks and so on. I don't know that all of that is a bad thing. And I think the fact that rewards are in some cards and some cards may go to one merchant which may have a different interchange flow, makes you think that the only revenue stream for a card is from interchange, and I think that's inappropriate too. There are multiple revenue streams into a card, multiple revenue streams into an issuer, multiple revenue streams that get used for providing a series of consumer benefits across tens of millions of merchants, not one. So I wouldn't try and equate one merchant with one card. That's kind of not how this business is built.
Ajay Banga: ...that if a merchant were to put in the appropriate level of terminal and type, they will have the benefit of that. That's exactly what it is.
Ajay Banga: ...digital is a very small start. And we are still talking – look, 1% of the transactions are right now in a mobile phone in some cases in certain markets. 99% of the stuff is still happening in a certain way. Even e-commerce, in browser-based payments, e-commerce is 6% or 7% of retail transactions in the U.S. So I'm very focused on making sure that we get the EMV done. Get the liability shift discussion out there. Have it established. Have it be the way in which the system is set. And I'm sure over time, when the digital space becomes larger, similar logic will prevail. I don't know exactly how it'll prevail. I don't know what the nature of it will be. So I'm not going to speculate. But one step at a time. This itself to me (56:03) the liability shift, you remember, when we first announced it a couple of years ago, we were pretty much out there on our own for a while. Because it's new. And it needs to settle in. So I say watch that space over time as it grows.
Ajay Banga: Hey, Tom, my sense is that over the last year or two, a number of the larger, and even some of the medium-size and smaller issuers, are clearly back in the market with an appetite for driving consumer acquisition. And I mean that in the credit-debit kind of space. Prepaid has been growing for a while. Commercial's been growing for a while. Some banks even during the crisis were able to sustain their ability to keep acquiring. You know that they've come out of this with the right vintages. And you can see the result in their growth rates of card ownership and spend rates. Others had to hold back for a while and are now back in the market. I kind of see things happening. I don't think that card acquisition growth rates are being held back only by rate differential. It's also by their comfort around credit quality. And in fact that's where it starts from. And you can see that as credit quality for the banks has improved, delinquencies have come down, write-offs have come down. Their whole approach to being thoughtful about how to acquire consumers is very much back in the space.
Ajay Banga: APT actually is just a quarter. The second quarter's now, right. So it's very new news, but making good traction with APT. We've actually got a number of deals that are in different stages of either having been signed and getting implemented as pilots, because that's typically how this – it's a Test & Learn thing. That's what APT's into. You tend to start at the pile of the client. If it works well, you'll get a bigger piece of business from them in order to move into a different space. And that's pretty much what's going on. We're actually very excited about APT. It's got a huge potential for us in merchants. Remember, the best part about APT is that the data doesn't have to leave the merchant shop. It stays into the merchant shop. What's built into the terminals at the merchant shop is different tools that the APT team develops with their intellectual property on the Test & Learn capability. So it makes merchants far more comfortable. Our anonymized data can be used to make that tool even more predictable, but that data doesn't leave their shop. So it's actually a pretty interesting opportunity. 5one, 5one was a much smaller business when we bought it, but it's completely integrated into what we're doing and giving us a great deal of merchant traction across the world. They were very focused on a few markets. It's moving to other places, and you saw us, when Kevin Stanton was standing up at the Investor Day recently, he talked about examples of what we were doing with merchants, and that's where we're headed. I'd say watch the space. It's early days. We're beginning to see good relationships and frequent repurchasing from the merchants of things we're doing with them. It will take us three, four, five years to make this what we want it to be, but we're very focused on it.
Ajay Banga: Yes. Ken, I think blockchain's got potential. I've said this publicly quite a few times now on different panels and statements that I make. I think the real issue here will be will legal dispute settlement systems accept a distributed ledger as a way of resolving a conflict if and when it were to arise between a payer and a receiver? Finally, the whole payment system works on two or three things. Trust that the money will get there. Two, that it will be accurate. Three, that if it's not accurate there's a methodology to get your money back. I think that's going to have to be both the methodology of reaching people, which in this case if there's a distributed chain that you don't know who the hell they are, that's a little complicated. And then alternatively, a legal settlement process that you have recourse to. I think all that needs to be figured out. In addition to the basics, which is, will all this be accepted for in the case of remittances and other things? Will it be accepted for the right kind of level playing field by the regulators on KYC and Anti-Money Laundering and those kinds of things? I believe that over a period of time either the blockchain the way it is today or some derivative of it as we all experiment and evolve with it and engage in a dialogue with it, I'm sure it'll have a role to play, whether it's in remittance and payments or it's in different kinds of record-keeping audits and asset transfer audits, a mix of all those, I don't yet know. But I think not engaging with it would be a serious error. And a lot of people in our MasterCard Labs – Garry Lyons, actually if you ever run into him – that would be a good guy to talk to about this. He knows more about this than I'll ever learn. And he will tell you that we've been experimenting in this space for a while. We've got patents in the space. We've got experimentations and lab designs in the space. We've got investments with venture capital firms in the space. We've got investments directly in companies in that space to learn and I guess make our mistakes along the way, but that's what we're doing.
Ajay Banga: Okay. So thank you all for your question. I'm going to leave you with a very short list of a few closing thoughts. And the first is I continue to think our business is performing well. You can see that reflected in our continuing strong volume, strong transaction growth. Global economic uncertainty remains. We are seeing that in the periods of growth in some regions in some aspects, as the first question I got about cross-border. We're pleased with the progress of the rollout of EMV in the U.S., continuing to build on our momentum with MasterPass and MDES and tokenization in the digital payments space, but it's early days. We remain focused on driving future growth opportunities while managing what we're going through today and the needs of our business today. So thank you so much for your continued support of the company, and thank you for joining us today.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah, and one thing I just want to jump in. We knew this unfortunate loss before we actually had our Investor Day, so for all of those who had asked Barbara over the last few days, we had actually factored that already into our long-term guidance.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well, as you know, Bryan, we are not calling out individual years. We factored it in for a three-year period, and we feel like that we can digest that given the kind of targets that we put out there.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah, I mean, guys, you have now three quarters of actuals. And so for the full year, what you're going have to do from an as-reported basis, which is excluding the special item, actually excluding that $79 million -
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah, and last quarter's litigation reserve that we took. So exclude those, but then for the whole year you should be lining up the fourth quarter so that you're getting into mid-single digit growth for the full year of 2015.
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, no. What I was suggesting, you're not making adjustment for the 2014 numbers. You might remember that in Q4 we took a severance charge of around $87 million last year. That was not a special item. So do not pull that out. You need to put that and keep that into the base expenses when you do the calculation of mid-single digit growth.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, I mean, Jason, we have a particular cadence in terms of – established, although not many years, in terms of the buyback authorizations, and I don't think we ever had a reauthorization when we were still over the $1 billion mark. So that's a decision that will be taken at some point in time. But at this point in time we still have plenty of opportunity and room left on the current program.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So first of all on the first question, Smitti, look, the PIN POS business is a tough business, right? It's a very competitive business. We've been explaining to you that we are extremely price conscious about that and that every month we are making sure that we get the right kind of transactions and the right number of transactions coming in, into our network. But things move, right? Competitively they move. Some cards get added, other PIN options, so that moves then in terms of what you see on all your network. And so every month we're basically working it off, and this month or this quarter you saw a little bit of a stepdown. You also saw that in October. I think over the next three, four months we'll be regaining some of that as we're working through that competitive environment.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, Smitti, we'll see. I mean, obviously in a number of countries around the world, you're not having just one or two choices, right? You have a number of choices including local providers, and we'll see what happens in the United States. But at this point in time, it's a little too early to pontificate about how this could happen and how this would be impacting the business.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, safety and security you can't just look at this in terms of what we're doing on the tokenization or on the MDES piece. Safety and security is a much broader kind of umbrella. And we actually pulled all of our safety and security product offering together a couple of years ago under one leadership. And what is really what we're after is what are kind of products and services can we offer that keeps the consumer safe, that keeps the merchant safe, and that keeps the financial institutions and the processor safe in the space? So you have a number of players in the industry that are having the same kind of thinking in terms of keeping everybody safe. We have a ton of unbelievably interesting products that we have built on a very good base over the last couple of years. I'll give you one example. So for instance the product that we call SafetyNet – and some of you saw that, of course, at our Investor Day. Right? On SafetyNet, we basically have in the network algorithms that allow us to detect if particular cards or portfolios have been penetrated in such a way that there are red flags coming up, and we have to make sure that the financial institutions or the related party actually knows how to deal with that. And we do that within nanoseconds, right? Those kind of products, which have been rolled out worldwide – SafetyNet has been now rolled out worldwide – we can absolutely charge for. And that is some of the things that – the charges that people will agree to – they have to agree to if they want to utilize this product. And those are the kind of revenues that you see coming in here.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So the only thing that we comprehended in our long-term guidance is what we have been doing over the last many years. As you know, we've been gaining market share profitably in Europe over many, many years, and you know that our business is in the mid-teens kind of really driving very significant bottom line results for us. That's the kind of continuation that we baked in. We did not bake in anything above that.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah, and, Lisa, what's good is even early days, I mean, even for 5one which we've just about had for a year. So for both 5one and APT, we already put some points on the board in terms of real agreements that are driving some revenues for those businesses. And that's very gratifying to see.
