Martina Hund-Mejean: Hey, Craig, it’s Martina. I think I will take that question. So, first of all, what I presume that you are actually asking about Article A8 on co-batching and the EC proposed legislation right. So, no look, we obviously know the number when you just strictly look at volume based assessment fees that we earned in Europe on domestic transactions that we do not process. And by the way, it’s not material to our overall MasterCard numbers. But I am a little bit reluctant to put out this number here at this point in time and really for a couple of reasons. One, this is one of the sections of the proposal where the language is actually unclear. And second, there are number of puts and takes in the entire legislation, which makes it clearly difficult for us at this point to estimate what part of this revenue figure might actually be subject to this potential provision. It all is basically wrapped out in terms for us being difficult to understand the intent of this co-batching provision. So, imagine, when an issuer elect to put our brand on a card they must have a reason for doing so, presumably because their consumer recognizes and values our brand and therefore uses his or her card with the MasterCard brand on it. That brings value to our stakeholders in the system. Of course, we are not going to provide our brand for free. And we don’t believe that, that could be the intention of the EC. On the other hand, there are also some other provisions in the proposal, which could as you know allow for more competition in domestic processing, which we would certainly welcome. So, why don't we get more clarification from the EC, we think that we still have quite a bit of work to do given our hands around the provision and how that could impact us if at all. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Sanjay, so let me take the first one which is really a reclassification. So we had some of our advisor services both reflected in the growth revenue line and in the contra (ph) line all we did is we collapse them in the growth revenue line. So from a net revenue point of view there is absolutely no difference and all we did is the, reclass the number to 2012 so that as the accounting change came in on January of 2013, you were looking at apples-to-apples, okay? So that's on the reclass. In terms of the rebates and incentives, what you saw in Q2 was really a much lower growth rate on a rebates and incentives than we would normally see. All right and I said there are two factors. One is, we didn't get to sign all of the contracts that we thought we would sign by the end of the quarter, and those contracts will be showing up either in the third quarter or in the fourth quarter, so you cannot assume this level of rebates and incentives going forward. It will go back to our, what you normally see the lumpiness; this is a little bit more lumpy of course in the second quarter than we normally have. And then secondly I think I did explain that we had a couple of performances on the number of contracts where we paid out lower incentives than otherwise anticipated. So do not take this increase in rebates and incentives for Q2 and apply it for the rest of the year you really need to go back to my comments where I said that net revenues for the second half of the year will probably come in similar to what we saw in the first half of the year and that's baked in our assumptions in rebates and incentives. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah Jason first of all this trend we have now for a number of quarters. First of all let's talk about the domestic assessment right? What we have, we have particular growth coming in terms of jurisdictions outside of the United States often enough we have to obviously compete with what's going on from a domestic pricing point of view. So where we have the growth they do come at a lower yield, that’s number one. Number two; you also see when you look at our statistics that we put out that we have a relatively larger growth on cash transactions in those jurisdictions versus the U.S. transactions and those two impact the yields too. So by the way this is nothing different, as we are going to grow in those kinds of jurisdictions and really expand our business outside of the United States even more, you will see these trends continuing. From a transaction point of view, I think I said something as part of the transaction volume that we're seeing, we saw particular growth in Brazil, in Russia, in actually Poland, Netherlands, some Australia and those actually do drive also that differential between what you see on transaction growth versus what you see from a transaction yield point of view. Again nothing different than what we had before. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, Darren, on the metrics, first of all, what we are seeing is that from a domestic volume point of view, we see improvements in a number of regions versus what we have seen before. To see what's going on in the U.S even though we would still think this is a pretty slow growth environment it is feeling a little bit better than earlier this year and certainly than late last year. Look at all of the price that is coming out of Europe, it's starting to feel better. In fact all of our European countries grew except for Spain, Spain there is a little bit of an issue but if you read the recent articles, it seems like that even that country starts to feel a little bit better going forward. So I think we’re just seeing a little bit of more robust that's coming in than what we assumed before. In terms of your question on the cross-border volume versus the revenue side, what you really have to contrast is our cross-border volumes grew 17%. And you saw that our revenues grew 19%. Really what we have in there is we have this quarter the U.S. Acquirer Support fee coming in, that's the first quarter that is coming in, it will be with us for another three quarters that reflects about 8 percentage points of that 19%. So if you take that out, if you compare 11% revenue growth to the 17% volume and that difference, that 6 percentage points difference is exactly what we have before in all of our prior quarters in terms of what's happening from the intra-Europe mix on cross-border versus inter-Europe mix. Remember intra-Europe mix comes at a lower yield than inter and so that's, again nothing new continuing trend and that's what we're seeing. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, let me just add something to that Chris, because actually mentioned the last Thursday’s conference call that we process well below 50% of the POS transactions done on our cards in the EEA. And actually when we put all the numbers properly together and it's actually just below 40%, and by the way if you include both POS and cash transactions, we only process about 25% of the transactions done on our cards. And so that’s why we are saying there is just absolutely plenty of opportunities for us to compete in domestic processing be standard over the last 4 or 5 years since I came in. And hopefully with some of the changes in the regulation, we might be able to do even more there. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, Glenn, you just have to go back to what we have put up at the last Investor Day. This is just one chart, which clearly shows you the three drivers of our growth, right. One is TCE growth, right, and we assume 4% to 5% per year on average over long-term. The second one is the secular growth, which is basically the conversion from cash to check to electronic forms of payment that's 4% to 6% per annum roughly over longer term. And then in addition to that, you saw over 2, 3, 4 percentage points on top of it in terms of strategic investments. And strategic investments actually includes a number of things, it includes things that we are doing in the digital space. It includes things that we might be doing from a market share point of view. Those are all of the things that we have baked in and that’s out there and we haven’t changed our view on that (inaudible). 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Hey Rod let me just jump in here. First of all we, you know we are not running the business based on a particular margin. As Ajay just said, we put a margin minimum in place to make absolutely ensure that our investors understand that we look at every investment that we do in the company critically, and as we do it in such a way that we get returns from it. That’s how we look investments. And really how we run the company is looking at these investments, making these investments every year, every quarter as we see that, and we think that based on our current business trajectory the way the business that we have today that we will be at a minimum 50% margin. We do not run them as business for margin expansion per se. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Absolutely, Rod, our annual operating margin minimum that we put out for three years is 50% and is the minimum, that doesn’t mean that it couldn’t go higher, because mostly because of revenue growth, but it’s a combination of where the revenue growth comes in and the investments we decide to make in the company. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, there are couple of pricing in there. One I already mentioned, which was the U.S. hiring support fee, we just started this quarter. That’s going to be with us for the next three quarters and that was probably about half of the price changes. And then we had a couple of other small ones. One anniversary this quarter I would just say acquire our licensee fee which we have talked about. And then there is a very small one, which you know that we have been starting to put through, which is pricing related to the digital wallet operators, but we are talking about smaller numbers again going forward. Operator, next question please. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Tien-tsin let me first take other revenues first. So in other revenues actually what you’re seeing is, showing up is some really nice growth in our Access Prepaid business as well as in our Advisors business. And you know Ajay already talked about some of the foreign (ph) structures in Australia that we’re doing in both of those businesses. In addition to couple of the price increases that I talked about which are reflected in other revenues. 
Ajay Banga: Just think about all the, what will add to that first part of the question. Think about things like we are doing in Nigeria and South Africa with social security payments, what tends to happen is the consumer who gets an electronic card for the first time tends to in beginning go even more for cash than the average consumer in our portfolio. So, if we keep doing this well and we keep trying to intervene in the cash flow between governments and consumers, which is a large part of where the cash comes from, you will first find them growing the cash, then all the efforts taken around what we call the five-step program to take people from using cash at an ATM to eventually going more and more to delivering at a point of sales and that five step program takes certain number of years and a certain set of events to happen. So, we are going to speed this build and develop. I mean, that’s an important part of the nature of what we are trying to provide. 
Ajay Banga: Yes, absolutely. And you know Jason starting the transition that will happen in a year or two, this thing as you can imagine with 85% of the world’s transaction in cash, so the whole game to be played out here. So, you are going to get this mix of cash and POS and then in some countries, the POS picks up and others cash remains strong and it takes certain time for that mix to go the right way. 
Ajay Banga: So, no update on American Airlines, because it ain't anywhere what I can tell you anything about it, and if I knew anything you can appreciate, I wouldn’t tell you and recall like this. So, that one won’t happen. We are in negotiations with them as is everybody else. So, there is a lot going on there, but we are all in negotiation. The first part, nothing has changed, we know that U.S. consumer credit is what we have to work on. We have got a series of things that we’ve been doing over the last period of time to try and improve the trajectory of our U.S. consumer credit spend growth. Some of it is caused by deals we are winning whether it be all the things we have announced over time, we have talked to with Bank of America doing things with us. So, there is a series of other deals from Maestro and Intercontinental Hotel Group through other banks like KeyBank and stuff we have done with Huntington and SunTrust and all that, that’s going on. For all those things, they have certain time to begin accumulating in the book just as lawsuit take a certain time to reflect in the book as you know in the past. So, we are kind of working of ways to it. There is number of opportunities around co-branding. There is number of opportunities around things like we are doing with Bank of America, where it’s not a wholesale cliff, but it’s the opportunity to work together in specific areas as we are working with. Some of those deals couldn’t get announced, because they weren’t signed. Some of those got signed. And so that’s one of the lumpiness in our numbers in Q2. So, stuffs going on and we will have ups and downs as we go along, but we have got a pretty clear pathway through working on both co-brand and the effort to win business with banks that are currently higher market share with other competitors. That’s the work. The third aspect is that the nature of our book and its performance depends a little bit on the nature of our customers' book and their performance. And as the banking industry more and more of the banking industry comes back to a normal deal on the credit book as the economy improves. I think these are the net beneficiary of that as well. I don’t think that showed up adequately as yet in our book. So, we’ve got to get these three things going on. 
Ajay Banga: So the only thing I'd add to that Darrin is that remember I have been saying for a while that I expected the second half in the U.S. to be better than the first half. I have said that now for three quarters, and I still believe that. The difference is the second quarter came in better in U.S. spending than we thought it would when we first made that statement. So what's happening is a little bit of that improvement that we thought we get in the U.S in the second half feels like its come a couple of months before what we had already factored in for our thinking when we spoke to you about our estimates of how this year would go some time back. So that a little extra is what you're seeing us show up in the second quarter results, one other thing that's driving it. There is a lot of others, there is cross-border, there is stuff in other countries and all that but the U.S. is at the end of the day 40% of our revenue give or take and so that number still drives a change in what we think. And that's kind of an important part of the context. 
Ajay Banga: Yeah, so I think the way they are looking at it; my sense is that they are supposed to clarify certain things but their actual policy I think they believe they still have a month or two to respond in. So we’re kind of waiting for that to come out there, periodically talking to us as well as other players and clarifying that they have certain thoughts on how to open up. But in in truth we don't have enough of a picture to be able to give you a better answer. Just we're there talking to them all the time and they're working their way through their thoughts. Meanwhile life carries on. There is the normal issuance of co-brand cards going on and as I've been telling you we've been winning most of those deals, we're still in that same position. We've just got a couple of approvals for co-branded cards there we've issued those; work has started on those you have had the deal Alibaba, that's kind of moving in the direction. We wanted it to go, we have had that whole report about one cross-border e-commerce kind of player who used to do clearing in Renminbi in Hong Kong which the PDOC itself was not quite within what they want to do going forward that one has held up. But everything else is carrying on, so China is going along where it is today but everybody is waiting for the new policy. 
Ajay Banga: So, what Martina was saying just that would indicate that I don’t believe it’s going to slow it down, and that’s kind of where we both are. We have kind of as you can imagine we have had a fair series of discussions in the company around this. The fact is that until everything becomes really clear, until it goes through the next, it could take a year, it could take two years for this to become really implemented. So, I don’t know how to answer that any better, because that just to be the European legislative process will work. In the meantime, they are carrying on building domestic processing business, because there is so much space for us to win. We were a very small portion of domestic processing till a few years ago. 
Ajay Banga: Hey, Bryan. So, why I wonder what the other questions were, so, the first one Visa Chase, no nothing new, there is actually the same series of conversations that are going on, a number of the other banks and obviously are concerned about what this means longer term but everybody is kind of waiting and watching to see how this gets implemented. And I know we're in those dialogues, a number of them. It does help to help open doors for us without a doubt, but beyond that I have got no new perspective for you there. Will Chase move volume over the Visa? I mean we've also got volume coming to us from Chase, the Intercontinental Hotel Group co-brand is a Chase co-brand, which we just won. So will they move volume? I assume they would move some, but I'm not sort of inside of Chase discussing this, but as being a banker in my previous life I would still like to keep doors open with more than one network, because it suits me when I'm a banker. Does that mean that the shares will not change and the proportions will not change? I would assume that the proportions will move towards the one you have chosen to put more investment with. And so I actually believe that to be the case. I just don't know factually what they will do. 
Ajay Banga: I don't think it's going to go back to 50, we never said 50 is the guidance, we just said a minimum of 50. As I told you I did that when I came in because I found that at that time we were out testing, we’re going to continuously increase our margin by a few 100 basis points every year and I didn't feel that was a strategic goal for the company compared to growing our franchise, growing our revenue and converting cash. I just thought that's a much better way of thinking for what the company is trying to do than trying to put a margin growth target but you already have a relatively attractive margin in the company. Having said that our margins tend to be a little variable by quarter. So the fact that it's about 50 years right now from what I recollect normally the fourth quarter has a relatively low margin and I think that's been the case for the three or four years now. It's been the case for these three or four years that I have seen it. So I think the annual margin tends to settle at a different number but it's really since the fourth quarter also is a relatively large quarter in many other ways. So I don't know that you would assume that 58 is fixed, I would tell you this we are very focused on not going in and throwing away money just because the margin is higher, we would also focused as I said on taking away pricing as the only way to grow although as I have said many times we work on many lines of pricing every quarter and the results show up this quarter. There is certain amount of pricing. This pricing will give us some benefit for a couple of more quarters to come. We think at it around pricing every quarter, there are thousands of lines in 200 countries and that's a fair opportunity. So will it be a high increase in pricing, low increase in pricing? Remember this; I am not into pricing as the way to grow revenue. I mean we’re trying to fight that 85%. So, we will do what we can at the right time with pricing and margin. So, I still stick around with that 50% minimum that's to reassure investors that we’re not going to throw the money away. But I am not going to give you an estimate that it will go down or up just because we have quarterly variances and all we have to do is put some more money into a series of investments and we will take a couple of quarters where the margin will be lower than it is today. It'll still be for the year about 50 that I promise you. 
Ajay Banga: That's across whether the economy is doing better or worse and that’s not what we are doing. And so I wouldn’t assume any change based on the U.S. economy looking better or not better nothing has changed in our strategy. 
Ajay Banga: Both great questions, Bill. So, the second one, so what about industry as a whole has there has been a move from signature to pin, actually not identifiably so, has there been a move from debit to credit, not identifiably so. Do people talk about in the banking industry and in the merchants business? Do they talk about expecting changes? Yes, but it’s been about a year now and it hasn’t really delivered great change. And I think finally it’s not about the bank and the merchants, it’s about the consumer and what they want to do. I think the consumer is un-impacted by this dialogue in most ways other than seeing indirect impact caused by an increase in checking fees that have dropped in free checking accounts and so on. They don’t in their minds necessarily connect one to the other. And I think they are still behaving the way they choose to behave which to use their debit when they want and their credit when they want. They have impacted more by overall trends in the economy. So, I think as the U.S. economy continues to recover generate jobs and the like you will probably speak and increase in credit spending that may be faster than debit. But that still is out fare to be seen. That’s just past cycles I am talking about. So, I would say nothing much right now. 
Ajay Banga: NFC to me has opportunities, because it is a technology that is applicable not just to payments, but also delivering things around security, and things around loyalty and so on and so forth. I think anything that goes beyond just payment to the whole shopping experience, to the whole consumer experience; to the merchants experience is an important aspect in the upcoming transition that's going on between physical and digital, right? That's how I think about it, I don't think these are 12 and 18 months things built because just think of the ecosystem and the infrastructure, that needs to be built for any of these to happen and so I tend to look on it as a longer term effort and I think that most people would say if you look at contactless payments in Australia as an example I was looking at the data the other day, something like 25% or 30% of all transactions in Australia under Australian $100 comes out of contact, that's a big number compared to where they used to be two years ago. Now, will it go even higher? Probably. Will it take years to happen? Probably. So some countries like Australia, Canada and Turkey are further ahead in NFC than others. But it's kind of, we run our business in so many countries it is a mixed bag and it's tough to generalize across all of them. But in general I think NFC has got opportunity I am not sure that I can tell it you in 12 or 18 months. 
Ajay Banga: Sure. So we've got two different JVs with them. We've got the one that's in 12 countries excluding Brazil what we call Wanda. And then we've got Zoom which is in Brazil that's because of the way Telefonica was constructed when these JVs were signed. So in the first one Argentina was the first one to go out and they actually use the mobile wallet that exists in the joint venture we have with Smart Telecom in the Philippines called MTS. So that's the first one out there. The second one Zoom had just launched in April actually I think just around the time of our first quarter earnings call or just after or just before I am kind of forgetting, that's the first mobile program in the region that has a MasterCard prepaid Companion Card in addition to the mobile wallet. So two different kinds of flavors, my sense is the concept of having a prepaid card as a companion card, a cash to the mobile payment will probably drive this faster than just a mobile payment by itself only because, to answer to Bill's question building ecosystems around new things takes time. The card acceptance system even if it's not completely built out in Brazil is way more built out than a mobile-only payment system. So that's the first learning we've got and I think we've got a lot of learning’s about working with Telefonica, we've now actually in the, I don’t know last three, four months, I forget when, we've launched two more initiatives with them both in Europe. I think there is something in the Czech Republic and there is something with them in Germany that we are doing. So the relation has expanded a little bit beyond the original construct in Latin America. 
Ajay Banga: So we haven't put provided a measure of an innovation index, which is kind of what you're referring to. But as Martina just explained in an answer to Rod a little while ago, if you think about our three year projection on revenue growth, those 2, 3, 4 percentage points at the end that she was talking about are from innovation in new products from things like data analytics which to me is a relatively new product all the way to the changes in market share and growth whether it be U.S. Credit or frankly U.S. Debit or all the things we are doing overseas as well. So you can see it in that ballpark in that block of 2%, 3%, 4%. My whole attempt around innovation was to change the way we went to market, so that we didn't just sell credit, debit, prepaid and commercial but we looked at diversifying that growth from the core products both in terms of geographies and in terms of the kind of clients we worked with. So there you can see 30 odd deals that mobile telecom operators in the last two years, we had none three or four years ago in fact the dialogue used to be, how they wouldn't need the banks and the networks to be able to grow I think that demonstrates clearly that we have been able to show that our product set and technology adapted to mobile payments can work with them. I just was talking about Telefonica. So there are examples like that and a number of others. I talked about SingTel and the other Telcos in my call as well. So that's the first part. The second part around innovation has to do with mobile payments, eCommerce and the whole aspect of information services. We are making a lot of progress on all three. Mobile I just talked about. We've done a lot of work in information services and data analytics. So that's where we are. I don't have an innovation index that I'm going to give you publicly because the issue is what's the new product. In a consumer product company you can evaluate it in different ways, what's the new product for us, is a credit card with a new set of features a new product or a new product only that which comes in a new delivery channel and then we'll get into endless discussions about that. I'm much more focused on measuring our ability to generate new ideas in the company, do solution based selling to our clients and see the impact on our brands. And our brands has gone from being number 87 in the brand index evaluated by clients to number 20 in four years. And we spend about the same or a little less money than we used to. That's all part, if you look at that brand index it talks about innovation as being a big driver of the change. So that's kind of how I measure it right now. May a few years down the road, Martina will actually allow me to talk about an innovation index and I will let you deal with her on that one. 
Ajay Banga: The first part Tien-tsin I don't know how Charlie measured the number. So I haven't had a chance to understand what's inside that number. I kind of, Investor Day is not that far away. So we'll chat with you then on that topic. But the issue is what's inside as I was answering to the earlier question makes all the difference. So for example all the work we’re doing on fraud tools is that innovation in a sense that probably is because it's developing entire new forms of technology. All the work we’re doing on tokenization is that innovation probably is if it delivers a new way of dealing with safety. All the work we are doing with Truaxis to drive merchant funded loyalty programs around the world is that innovation and R&D probably, we've got MasterCard labs, we've got different portions that are delivering this answer. I actually don't look at it that way. I look at it as I said in the earlier question of funding this in many different ways but most importantly in changing the way we talk to merchants and banks and governments about relating with them in a more solution based selling way. So the example with Nigeria where they were trying to do an ID scheme which ended up being not just that but also a payment scheme with a card that's two sided with a chip. We spend money on that, is that innovation, we spend money on biometric identification for the UID in India. So I don't want to get into, I’ve counted this and not counted that and create some new metric that everybody will try and track but you should know that there are a ton of people in this company whose only job is if they want to come to work on January 01, 2014. They better have new ideas or they won't be allowed. That I can promise.
Ajay Banga: I do. Okay after all that, okay. So what do I think about this, we delivered pretty solid results for the first half of this year. Driven off as we have talked about a little bit volume and transaction growth around the world and world-wide GDP across the 1 trillion level for the first time in the second quarter and Martina was reading that out I was looking at that as a milestone in some ways but on to the next trillion already. And our first half net revenue growth was a bit better than the forecasted for all the reasons we talked about. We remain confident about this three year performance objective that we have got out there and we’re working hard to deliver on another good year in spite of what I consider to be somewhat unpredictable economic condition. My view is that the secular trends in our industry are just of great interest to me, they are strong drivers for top-line growth even in slower economic environments. So I’m looking forward to seeing many of you in the Investor Day in September. I think you will get a chance to hear about our strategic focus areas, you will experience as you have done for the last couple of years. Some of our innovative products and services. We have got some really cool ones lined up for you this year so hopefully that will be fun. In the meantime, thank you for your support and thank you for being on the call with us today. 
