Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So, I think that Mastercard Send is similar in a way to other offerings in the marketplace. We could have taken that, combined it with our HomeSend JV, extended its reach to mobile wallets and cash-in and cash-out points around the world. That's one way to have built it. There would be some challenges still left with that to really enable that to compete the way Fast ACH is growing around the world. Those challenges are actually quite interesting and require a real solution to solve for. I'm not saying you can't solve for it organically and try and build it. I just think that's more expensive and a longer solution with less credibility of working than if you pick up a unit like VocaLink with its enormous reputation in the UK where it operates the payments infrastructure, but also its ability in multiple countries around the world. ACH has been a country-by-country business. VocaLink is one of the only players in the world that has demonstrated the ability to take its software and apply it in markets as diverse as Sweden and the UK and the United States and Singapore and Thailand and so on. That's the first point. I think the second point is the nature of the data flows; now this is a little bit more in the commercial B2B payment space, the nature of the data flows that come back-and-forth over VocaLink's B2B payment enabled system is such that you get their ISO 20022 dealer standard. So what they get is far more information that allows them to integrate seamlessly with B2B ERP systems, with e-commerce systems and cross-border payments are also built in there, as standard. They have directories which combines the VocaLink IPS system with these directories, simplifies the flow of payments, simplifies payment requests. So, the aspects in the B2B space that I think with the richer data set and the better connectivity of VocaLink Fast ACH that I think are actually quite important to be able to play a good role in that space. So the combination of these two is kind of what prompted us sometime back doing a scan across the world of the opportunity to enter Fast ACH. We kind of took the decision that if this property were not available, we probably would have tried to build something organically with its opportunities and risks and costs and timeframe. But as it so turned out, the opportunity with VocaLink came along and we were trying our best to leap on it and take it and move forward. That's broadly what we're trying to do.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Well, I'll tell you this much, that what we are looking at is the fact that all the new regulations that went in, the one part of them were the routing regulations; another part was the actual, as you know, a level of interchange. There were other parts of our co-branding and co-badging and separational switch and scheme. There were a series of these that went in. I will tell you this. The expansion of acceptance that is going on for brands like us across Europe is actually for the first time encouraging. As you can see, even in Germany, where Martina hails from, even in Germany, and I'm not holding it against her, but that's where she hails from...
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Even the Germans are beginning to use these payment systems in these stores which earlier they did not. They basically paid through the giro through their bank accounts. You can see a change coming from the merchant community as well as the consumers, which I think is a function not just of one aspect of the regulation, but of the totality, which I think is what the EC (30:06) wanted to do. They wanted to create fresh momentum and fresh competition in the market, both for us and against what we do, and I think that's fine. That's a competitive marketplace.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Sanjay, not yet directly. Although, as I said, they are winning some deals and that's because the market is a little more open to now having these conversations as compared to prior to the acquisition when everybody was waiting for that to happen with all their obvious benefits that were tied up in that. But I would say – you remember even that Visa is still sorting through it, as they themselves said, all their agreements with their customers. So, you've got to let this play out for a little while. But, we are seeing progress, we are winning deals, and I'm just giving you a couple of examples, I'm trying not to give you a list. But, we are winning deals along the way. This will become, as I said over time, you should get past this couple of years and then think about this as settling into a regular competitive marketplace, where one of two or three things will happen. Either the yields of that market, which tend to be lower than global yields, will begin to come up a little bit, maybe, maybe not; we'll see. Or, the opportunity to win more deals and volume will present itself. One of those two will fall into place. Right now, it feels more of the latter than the former. But, it's early days.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: That's why to that earlier question I'm so delighted about the expansion and acceptance, even in Germany.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: First of all, the last part, to me Masterpass and bank wallets are one and the same thing. I'm not into building Masterpass as I've said as a B2C solution. it's really a B2B2C solution. Banks can take a wallet container from us or build their own and then ride our rails, which is what a number of them are doing. Someone like CitiPay uses Masterpass more extensively than others. I'm fine with that. That to me is our model. It's a open, engagement model with banks and others who are authorized to have financial accounts so that we can enable the path through digitization as compared to trying to build our own wallet. That's not what I'm trying to do. The standards topic is a really interesting one. To me, if you're going to make progress in expanding acceptance and QR code is a little bit of our expanding acceptance into markets where infrastructure and the cost of having terminals as well as the running costs of managing those terminals, are challenging. So you take in Africa, you take parts of India or you take Pakistan or other such markets, or even parts of China, at the end of the day, QR codes represent a real opportunity to enable electronic payments in smaller and more remote shops. What essentially you are doing, you can pull or you can push the payment, meaning you can have a QR code that is unique to the merchant, in which case a consumer who walks in using a phone with a camera can actually focus on that QR code and enable the money to be transferred to that merchant for the potatoes and onions and bicycle tires they bought. Or, it could be the other way around, where the consumer carries around a QR code, which is unique to them, and it can connect into the merchants system to enable the money to be sent from the consumers account to the merchants account. Both are possible, both are feasible, both have been tried in different markets in the world. The idea of standardizing them across EMVCo is to ensure that banks and merchants don't end up with complicated multiple standards between us and the other participants in EMVCo, which include Visa and AMEX and the others. So that's the purpose of what we're trying to get done. We've actually done that and issued standardized guidelines so that the acquirers and the merchants and the banks can find a simpler way to connect to what I think could be a transformative way of growing acceptance in a number of these markets.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Sure. I'm glad you called them prepared remarks. There are days when Warren and Martina are worried about what I might say compared to the prepared remarks. But I will note that for my future. So, Kroger. Kroger was a co-brand that many years ago actually used to be with Mastercard. I think it flipped out of Mastercard either the year before I joined, or two years; I actually don't remember correctly. But, I know about 8, 9,10 years ago it moved away, and it was with our competitor, largest competitor, with Visa. U.S. Bank is their issuer and their primary banking relationship. Kroger went through a relatively detailed process of figuring out how to renew and what to renew. And we all went through and made our usual pitches for it and it ended up with U.S. Bank and us as being the partners for their co-brand platform going forward. We haven't yet finalized the dates of the migration of the portfolio. That work is happening as we scope out the different aspects of this. Over the next few months, I'm pretty certain we will be able to give you a better date and a better guideline. And Martina will be able to help you with that.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: First of all, you're correct. We are lapping some of those losses and there is an improvement in both our consumer and commercial credit in the U.S. performance. You've got to remember, we've got a good presence in commercial credit as well. And we look at both as part of our credit business in the United States. In consumer, which is I think where your question was coming from compared to the commercial side, in consumer, within the market, as I said, are looking for opportunities to grow. Those opportunities have, over the last few years, largely been through merchant driven co-brand decisions and we win some and we don't win some. This quarter, we've got a couple we told you about that we won. There are a couple of others that we won that we won't announce for another year or so till the deals become visible in the marketplace. But there are others we didn't win. We didn't win Costco in the United States some quarters ago. So we won Costco in Canada, but we didn't win it in the U.S. We have a relationship with Costco in other markets around the world. And so there are deals we'll win and there are deals we'll not win. We will try and do them in a way that makes economic sense to our bottom line. That's the principle behind those deals. It's the same for winning more credit share with issuers and for looking at them as part of participating in their growth. One of our biggest partners, as you know, is Citibank. And you know that Citibank has begun to reinvest very wisely in their credit business over the last few quarters. And, honestly, their own performance, as a result, is improving. And their performance, which is improving, is driving our improvement, because they're one of our best partners. And that's kind of how this works for us and we try to work our way through this in a sensible way and support our principal customers and work with them on growth, while we try and win as many deals as we can, when and if they come up in the marketplace.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Hi, Tien-Tsin. Yeah, well, the TSB conversation honestly had started before the Visa European transition. I remember talking to them some time ago. It so happened that the Visa Europe transition happened in between. But is there pipeline in the marketplace from large, medium and small sized banks that we are pursuing? Absolutely. But I'm not going to say much more about it.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Craig, it's very tiny yet and you're correct that it's early days. Its availability is limited. It's a couple of banks and I'm actually looking at Martina to try to figure out whether it's two or three banks.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Yeah. So, right now, it's very early. But I'll tell you a different picture about it which I think you'll be more interested in. My view is that a consumer must get choice at the front end of their decision of how to pay and that choice should be connected back to where their bank relationship comes from. And if that choice is to pay by direct debit to their bank account or by the inward receipt of a remittance through a friend, a relative or a government disbursement or with a debit card or a prepaid card or a credit card, that concept of choice is what we're trying to put together when I was describing the opportunity with Fast ACH as well as what we have, which is Mastercard Send and HomeSend and our card rails. Whether you – pay by bank has only one way of choosing right now, which is from your bank account. I visualize that as being important and an interesting application not just in the UK but in other markets as well. It can lead to some good volume growth, but what I also visualize over time is the choice coming across to a consumer at the point-of-sale on their phone or from the terminal, whichever way, a choice to make payments from these alternative funding sources. That's what I think is where all this is going.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: I continue to believe that the opportunity in B2B for ACH and therefore VocaLink type of Fast ACH payments is enormous. It's way beyond what a Mastercard Send or card rails can address. Why is that? Card rails requires you to have card acceptance with all these merchants on both side or the businesses on both sides of a B2B transaction. And while you can attempt to build that acceptance and we have built it over the years, we're actually building in a number of markets around the world. But I would say while that addresses a portion of the opportunity, there is a much bigger opportunity that lies outside of that portion. That outside of that portion opportunity you can address a part of it through the tools of a Mastercard Send combined with a HomeSend because you've got multiple distribution points you could reach. But even now you don't have the right data and connectivity to the ERP systems of these B2B businesses that you can get with an ISO 20022 certified data standard system like VocaLink. That's the real difference. So think of this as layering a cake. There is what you can do with the card. I love it. We're going to do it. There is what you can do by adding HomeSend. I love it. We're going to do it. There's a little more I can do than most other people there by adding on the HomeSend capability. I love it. We're going to do it. But, boy, what I really love is the capability with Fast ACH. So I'll give you a number for the United Kingdom. In the UK alone, VocaLink's domestic real-time platform carries over last year about 1.4 billion transactions per annum and the combined value of that is $1.5 trillion. Whatever you can look at addressing through card rails and through the equivalent of Mastercard Send rails would be a fraction of that number.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Now, to be clear, the revenue dynamics and the challenges of building that's out, I'm not discounting any of those. Please don't assume that by next quarter I'm going to have the worlds answer to B2B payments. I'm going to build it, but what I've got now is the right set of tools between card rails, Send, HomeSend and Fast ACH and as we get together and roll these out sensibly, in sensible profitable ways across the world, you should see us bringing choice and data capability through this to the front end of a B2B business.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Just keep this in mind, it's about choice, both commercial enterprises as well as for consumers and all I'm trying to do is to have the repertoire that allows us to do that in a sensible, practical way.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Martina, didn't send you an email on the side asking you to ask me an India question because of my poking her on Germany, right? I'm just guessing. But the India opportunity, so there are close to 850 million debit cards in that market. A large number of them, by the way, are still used essentially for taking cash out from an ATM. It's only a smaller number of them that are used at the point-of-sale and credit cards are way smaller than the debit cards, we're talking about a fraction of those. Those, of course, used at point-of-sale. There's little cash take out on those, although there is some. And when you put that together, you get a market that has lots of cards, more than they ever had, but still with a huge opportunity in the front of it. The second side of it is the acceptance methodology. Whether it's card payment or pay by a QR code or pay by a phone or a fingerprint and all those options are being developed by different players in India, including us. I think what you'll find is that this is only as good as how the acceptance market in India evolves. Now, the acceptance market is growing rapidly in the sense that over the course of this last eight, nine months, you've had a 70%, 80% growth in merchants. But it comes to 2.5 million, 2.6 million merchants, depending on who you're counting. If you look at the total number of merchants in India, the Confederation of All India Traders with whom we have a very deep partnership, estimates there are 60 million merchants. Now, a large number of those are going to be fruit sellers and casual merchants who I don't yet know how we will get to create electronification, although we probably could over time. But there's still a large number there that should get into acceptance expansion. Now, the acquiring community in India is actually pretty good at growing the acceptance. Their challenge has been in the past the risk underwriting capability compared to their business model because all the acquirers in India are actually issuing banks as well and their business model is not clear until the revenue dynamics of their business model is clarified by the Reserve Bank of India. For the last few months now, since the demonetization, there has been a dispute going on about the level of MDR that the banks will make out of the system. If you don't clarify that, you're going to find a lack of appetite on the part of the players there to grow acceptance. It's got nothing to do with Visa and Mastercard going into the market acquiring or not. We ourselves won't know what our revenue model will be or what our profitability model will be till we get clarity on the pricing model in the marketplace. That pricing model was supposed to have been clarified a couple of months back. I think there have been recommendations made by the Reserve Bank of India to the Indian government. We're still waiting for them to finalize that. I am hopeful they will finalize that. I raised that recently in a public meeting with the Prime Minister as well. I know they're working through a number of puts and takes to figure it out. They will. Once they do, I think back to the earlier question Lisa asked me about QR codes, I think you will see between traditional terminals, mobile as a point-of-sale and QR codes with dongles, I mean, mobile is a point-of-sale in dongles, and QR codes, I think you will see a reasonably strong expansion of acceptance in India. And people like us and our competitors, we can focus on enabling banks and merchants to make sense out of this opportunity. Remember, there's one big impetus coming, which is the implementation of a Goods and Services Tax called GST in India. That GST has levels and slabs, but most commodities are at 28%. People will be paying that 28% when they receive goods in a merchant shop. A merchant is no longer incented to help a consumer not pay taxes because they are most likely to have paid a relatively high tax rate on receiving those goods from their supplier. And therefore subsidizing that to a consumer by helping to avoid taxes is probably something that we should see reducing over the next few years. And that, to me, is the real change in the (59:02) in this place. So if we can get our stuff together in the MDR, get the acceptance expansion going, build the right digital tools and QR tools, and roll those out, while also not losing focus on cards, I think there is a really interesting opportunity over the next five to seven years in India.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: All right. So thank you for all your questions. And I'm going to leave you with a couple of closing thoughts. We've had a strong first half of the year. We're just really pleased to have delivered record revenue and earnings per share in this quarter. I believe we are executing well against our strategy. We've added a number of new capabilities, which we were talking about during the Q&A, which I think differentiate us from competition and they add real value to our merchant and bank customers. With Fast ACH, we now have the ability to offer even greater choice for our customers with both cards and bank account based payment solutions. With the Mastercard B2B Hub, we think we're continuing to deliver innovative solutions to help companies manage their businesses more efficiently. And with Brighterion, another company we acquired this quarter, we're extending our capabilities in artificial intelligence to create an even better and safer payment experience for consumers. So I'm looking forward to having a number of you join us at our upcoming Investor Day in New York. You'll have an opportunity to hear about our strategic areas of focus, and you can get a chance to touch and feel and experience the various ways that we are working to capture new payment flows and help to shape the future of where payments are going. Thank you for your support, and thank you for joining us today.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Yeah. We are seeing real progress on the acceptance side. But we are also really seeing progress on our winning European deals, predominantly off-course, because we have a fantastic digital suite of products and we have great consulting services. And we're seeing that a lot of the banks that have been grabbling with a lot of these issues, especially as PSD2 is coming down the road, how we could be servicing in them. And that is – we called out some wins last time. We have a couple of wins that Ajay called out this time. That is really adding to the progress in terms of our European payments volume, which as you can see, even this quarter again is at 15%.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: In addition to really driving secular trend in Europe. As you know, it's really only the UK that is very much enabled from an electronic payments point of view. And it just presents an enormous opportunity in many of the other countries to take advantage of the secular trends from cash and check to electronic forms of payments.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: James, it's Martina. So, no, we have not changed our view in terms of how we are looking at operating margin. First and foremost, as you said, we are growing the company for topline performance, and net revenue growth and bottom-line performance, both on the net income line as well as on the EPS line. We continue to believe that our operating margin should be, including buying VocaLink at a 50% plus margin, we are not driving the company in such a way that we are expanding it, so it might expand from time to time as we are today, actually 56% when you exclude VocaLink, 54% when you include VocaLink, but we are already above that 50% threshold. But what we're really doing with the company is, we're taking certain amounts of money that we are earning on the top line and we are investing it in those critical areas in order to get top-line and bottom-line performance to continue to work. Just remember, VocaLink, when you actually look at them from a standalone point of view, you can look at their 2016 financials, and if you exclude one particular investment that they have made in push payments, which is their ZAPP product, their paid-by-bank product in the UK, VocaLink has a 32% EBITDA margin. So, obviously, they have a much lower margin than what Mastercard as a whole is, and despite that we are capable and able of taking in and we are still holding firm with our operating margin level of a minimum of 50% plus.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Dan, first of all, for the whole year, we gave a guidance that we would be at the high single digits on a currency neutral basis for operating expense growth, right, and that continues to be true. And that is excluding acquisitions, okay. So, steady-state company with the investments that we are making has high single digit for the whole year. That includes any of the FX charges. That includes any of the Masterpass cost on the A&M side, which quite frankly, quite a bit of the cost is being accelerated from the fourth quarter into the first three quarters of the year. So we have absolutely no change for that. In terms of driving growth, when you look at that high single-digit investment that we are making on the OpEx line, that is, when you look in the detail of it, is a number of things. One, it's obviously digital. We continue to invest in digital. Number two, so this is both on the technology side, that is on helping our customers to getting up and running; that is where the A&M is going up. So that is digital. Secondly, we're doing quite a bit of geographic expansion. You can look at what Ajay said about China. Of course, we're building the technology backbone there, so that is expense. In India, given the demonetization, we are investing quite a bit there. In Africa, there are a number of those things going on. So geographic expansion is another big bucket. The third bucket that drives growth, which we have been calling out in a number of quarters, is of course what we're doing in safety and security, right? So a number of the things we're actually doing and until very recently, from an organic investment point of view. Look at the Safety Net feature that we had shown to you a number of times; that was actually an organic investment that this company has been making. Recently, we've been adding a few inorganic acquisitions to it, but that is a very key investment area for us. And then last but not least, as we called out this quarter, we are continuing to invest in our advisors capability, which is really two things: One, what we are doing on the consulting side with our customers, which does pay back in spades because of better portfolio performance, additional things that our customers might be doing that really benefit our volume and transaction. But also it's what we're doing on the data analytics side that goes way beyond financial institutions. That is where we're helping a lot, the merchants, to be very successful with what they need to do to sell to consumers.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: No. It's two banks, but it's three stores and if you want to buy pizza in the UK, then you can use it.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Yeah. And, Jason, that is exactly also what we're doing with the Mastercard B2B payment hub, right. Our investment (52:56) exchange where we're basically enabling small and medium size businesses to automate their invoice and payment processes, and one way to do it is as Ajay said, to give a card offer which we are doing obviously through our virtual card offering, which will get linked into that system. But in addition to that, those businesses want to also have ACH capabilities and what's called ACH plus capabilities which is an ACH transfer with more data and what is wonderful with this B2B hub is that we will be connected into over 130 ERP systems which allows those businesses, both buyers and sellers, to be easily putting the data into their backend systems so that they can reconcile those kind of payments with the goods delivered or a Send.
