Martina Hund-Mejean: So I am going to take the first question, Bill. Look, how we look at revenues is -- not every revenue is driven equally. We have domestic assessment fees which are predominantly driven by the volume and the volume growth that we have all around the world. And there you have to make some significant differentiation between how much is driven domestically versus how much is driven cross-border. So the mix is very important on that.  Secondly, in a number of countries, we’re actually processing most of the volume and that is when we get an additional transaction processing fee but there are a number of countries where we are not processing the volume, so that is also driving the mix in terms of how much we are processing in a country and where you see the growth on that versus where we are not processing and where you’re using the growth in that, that is very much an impact. Further on this quarter's numbers, you did also see an impact on the – from the recent acquisitions that we did and you see that in the other revenue line item which increased by 38% and that is mostly driven by the terrific acquisition that we did down in Australia, the company is called Pinpoint and it’s a play in the loyalty space. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, Smitti, the other revenue line item is driven by a lot of different things. Certainly some of the items that you have been calling out i.e. our loyalty business and it’s not just the Pinpoint business, that have actually very thriving big loyalty business across-the-board in a number of our regions. It’s one of the big drivers in there. Our advisors business which actually consists of three different pieces, quite a few of the revenues that are related to those pieces both in the consulting side as well as in the data side is actually related to that. And then we have a number of other businesses, little bit on the program management that we are doing out of Access Prepaid et cetera that are driving that line item and I'm very pleased to say actually that all of those businesses are growing very nicely. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, on the latter question, it’s exactly the same. And on the first question, from a cross-border ex Europe, typically we don’t give these numbers but it's not too different, if you’re actually excluding Europe for the MasterCard volume side. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah, so first of all, on the pricing side, there is no impact from pricing in that line item. And in fact when you look at our entire revenue growth there is really no material impact at all on pricing as most of you know our main pricing actions that we took some time ago have been pretty much all lapping with the second quarter of 2014. So you are just not seeing that in this quarter at this point in time.  And in terms of future pricing actions, look, first of all, we are not going after pricing in order to make our top line, so when you actually look at the 2013 to 2015 long-term performance objectives we have relatively small aligned pricing embedded in that. And if there were to be any changes, we will be talking about it when they were to be evident in our financials but we don't really see anything at this point in time. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: On the Chase migration, so what we said actually for when you look at all of 2014 we probably have less than half of the Chase volume rolling off. So you would still have some impact for 2015 and the way that it has been rolling off as we said before we didn’t see much in the first and second quarter, we saw more in the third quarter. And I think you should see more in the fourth quarter. This is all subject to our own estimation. We don't really have a schedule from the customer but this is the best that we can at least get our hands around it based on what we see today. From an FX point of view, for the fourth quarter, we are going to see a little bit of an impact on two things, one from a functional currency point of view. You're going to see about a 2 to 3 PPT impact on all line items and then from a local currency point to view, so those are the currency rates, other than the euro and the real. So those are all the foreign exchange payers that are excluded on that versus the US dollar and versus the euro, we think we’re going to probably see another one PPT impact for the fourth quarter, and that’s very similar to what we saw in the first, second and third quarter. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: You should expect some headwind of course given the strength of the US dollar versus many currencies in the world.
Martina Hund-Mejean: On the first one, Craig, we had always had our wins in the co-brand space, will be offsetting the Chase de-conversion over time. So that we are not talking quarters, we are talking over a couple of years. And you will see that coming in from a volume point of view, already seeing some of the co-brand wins actually coming in and you will see that more coming in next year. In terms of the growth of the Maestro cards, look, the Maestro business is very good and very live and what we are doing around the globe is that from time to time we are giving – we are working with our clients in terms of whether the Maestro product is appropriate or whether they would like to go with MasterCard debit card and you will see a number of switches in terms of where portfolios are going simply because of the kind of product construct and services that our customers are demanding. So that’s really what you are seeing going on, it is more switching from a Maestro to a MasterCard debit card portfolio.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Lisa, it’s Martina, let me start with that. First of all, typically in all of these agreements our normal pricing applies. So if we do [inaudible] if you just do, and see the volume from an assessment fee point of view, the price gets – there are no really changes on that. But you’re going to have -- when you think about it, when we start those kind of undertakings, so for instance in South Africa where we are much further along, we have 10 million cards out there for the social program, and people typically utilize those cards in such a way that they go to the ATM and pull out cash and then they pay at the merchant. That is typically a lower yielding transaction for us and then over time as we’re actually establishing the acceptance base in those merchants where they could be using the card and we are having programs in place, so people rather going to the ATM go directly to the merchant and [save up for the band] – they are not carrying cash around, et cetera et cetera, then we are starting to go into the higher yielding transactions.  So you have to look at this as an evolution, we first develop the infrastructure, it’s first being used in a lower yielding way, you see that coming through our numbers and in a number of ways. And then as we are migrating people to be using the cards at POS, you’re going to see higher yielding transactions coming through, and that is pretty much the experience that we have had so far on all of these programs. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: We are making acquisitions for a number of reasons. Some of the reasons like the Pinpoint acquisition as well as Provus, the processing entity that we bought in Turkey, it’s really because the building and expanding our business and they will be contributing over time to our topline. What you should be expecting from them in terms of how the loyalty space is growing, that’s how Pinpoint will be growling, what we are doing in the processing space in order to take Provus which are connecting to our processing in Turika [ph] and Poland together, you should be expecting them to grow based on how the processing space and the expansion grows. However we also made a couple of acquisitions which have basically built our skillset. Such as a company called [Sesame] where we acquired a terrific workforce, engineers, mostly based in India who really have a significant skillset in the digital and in the mobile space. That did not come with a lot of revenues but it came with a capability that we are now using for a number of engagements in the digital and in the mobile space. So clearly you will see more expenses coming through on that and that when you put everything together as we are in the early stages of integration you are seeing that $0.05 dilution in 2014 which we are expecting to be the same number in 2015.
Ajay Banga: Bill, it’s Ajay. About the co-brand space, actually the co-brand space has been pretty competitive for quite a while. I have talked about it a number of times in the earnings calls about how we’re going about trying to be players wherein we [ph] win there regularly. And we have been winning a number of deals there. In fact, I didn’t mention it this time because over the investor day period and then we’ve talked about this a little while but for example, we won RAI [ph] over the course of this quarter – it’s every quarter that deals would come and go in the US and overseas. And that’s a competitive space, as I think new in that space. I think the one development that’s interesting in that space has happened over time is that more and more the merchant driven co-brands tend to be driven with an issuer and the network is being separately approached during the course of the co-brand process. Years ago, it used to be that they were done together. That’s kind of a trend that's pretty much changed – pretty clearly in the US, not so much overseas. So it’s a competitive space and it’s a space that you have to be very careful about both in terms of pricing but also in terms of the value-added features that you can bring to the party when you try and go win that co-brand. And you will kind of win some, you won’t win all of them, so nothing new on that space.
Ajay Banga: Bob, it’s Ajay. The people signing up for Apple Pay is actually pretty good. I would say the first few weeks have been very encouraging. You see us in – if you’d been to the Giants game and Kansas City Royals game in the San Francisco stadium, which unfortunately I didn't go to see even though I was hanging around in San Francisco, but I met a number of people who have been there. We were using and demonstrating the work of Apple Pay for purchasing in the stadium, we had advertising, we had activities and promotions going on in there. So there are a lot going on in the Apple Pay space right now. I don’t know that I would sort of agree that it conflicts with the stuff that we're doing in anywhere else in mobile. I think you have to think of mobile and digital as a very wide space. One of those spaces – I have been looking at many different aspects to it. One aspect to it is are you going to put your credentials on the phone like in Apple, but are you going to do it through postcard emulation which is what many others will do, or are you going to do it through NFC like Apple, or is it in app like Apple or is it browser based like others. There are so many elements through mobile and digital commerce, I wouldn’t call it conflicts, I’d rather think that there is a lot of opportunity and lot of open space.  The objective of MasterPass – MasterPass is not just a wallet by the way – please don’t think of it like somebody else’s wallet, it’s not. MasterPass is a broad set of technologies, it’s got wallet, yes, which is both wallet branded as MasterPass but also a wallet servers for our issuers and merchants. We do value-added services with MasterPass, loyalty programs will be in there. In the future there will be new additive ideas in that but I would label cost [ph] could be in there, in-store checkout is coming in there, online is already there with MasterPass. So it’s got a bunch of things in it, and those full elements of the MasterPass strategy is what we are rolling out around the world. We are now in 11 countries, the US plus 10 others, Australia, Canada, China, Italy, New Zealand, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, UK, others. We are adding Taiwan soon. So we are in a number of countries with MasterPass, we are working with different banks of different sizes in these countries ranging from Commonwealth bank and WestBank [ph] in Australia and New Zealand to BMO in Canada, with Citibank and Credit Union in the US to Standard Bank in South Africa. So it’s got all that going on, there is 40,000 plus merchant signed up, I got to see this as being a series of parallel activities which are all aimed at providing choices to consumers. And once you do that, then they are going to walk with their wallets on their feet on where they go and we want to be able to be the provider of that space. We are not in the consumer business directly. We are a B2B2C company and therefore we are trying to be that in every piece of what we do. 
Ajay Banga: Yes, that’s actually out in the market. We said we’d only put it in there starting at the end of 2015. We put out our card and said, we will do it early 2016. So that’s not new position [ph].
Ajay Banga: You’ve just got to remember we’ve got thousands of lines of pricing in the system and there is some pricing we are going on in every country while we speak. So pricing is a part of the way we approach the entire marketplace. But I wouldn’t tell you that there is some strategic plan to put in some new price starting on a particular date next year kind of stuff. That’s not currently in our outlook.
Ajay Banga: [We’ve been going on] for a few years. I think if you look at the whatever public information that is available for Visa Europe you will find and there is some available, you will find that they themselves talk about losing share to us in the course of the last couple of years there. How we are competing is – it’s not just the Visa Europe, we are competing around the world with a series of different things but obviously everybody starts with the conversation around what’s the financial impact for anyone at the other end of the deal. But we’ve tried to talk about all the things we do with advisors, all the things we do with data, all the things that we can do with loyalty, and rewards and that’s – processing, if you look at our strategic plan, we used to add all those value-added services, so we can be a better service to the issuing community. And Europe is reflective of that very approach and if you look at the acquisitions we are doing, we’ve had success in acquiring stuff in Europe as well both in the prepaid programs space as well as in the space of loyalty and rewards. That’s what we are up to. So it’s pretty much the same around the world.
Ajay Banga: So over the last couple of years, what we have done there three or four years is that before this whole announcement we were allowed to do – was to do no domestic processing but we were clearly the cobranded card is what you could be with China UnionPay so that when Chinese traveled overseas they could use their cards. Over the last few years all the new co-brand cards that were being announced, I think we were the winner and the overwhelming majority of them, I am talking 90 plus percent of those deals over the last two years. And that helped us a great deal in terms of changing our market share on the ground on cards issued in China, where the flow of new cards issued was all coming our way when they were co-brand. In the meanwhile China UnionPay both operates in China and also have begun to strike over the last many years bilateral deals for acceptance outside of China. The impact of those depends on the marketplace, whether it’s Hong Kong they’re obviously stronger there, if it's the United States way weaker. And so in addition to the fact that we had to compete on the ground in China you have to be thoughtful about what is going on with these bilateral acceptance deals. And we went and stuck partnerships with China UnionPay to help them where they are expanding some acceptance in return for expanding our acceptance in China. So when someone like you went there, your MasterCard as I hope you carry issued here was being used in China in as many places as possible. That’s kind of the way we were working, kind of like a partner but with a clear acknowledgment that they were in a position that gave them a monopoly benefit inside of China and yet were an interesting partner to play with. That’s the way we were approaching China.  Meanwhile we were also dealing with the Alibabas and Alipays and the TenCents of the world and in fact, we signed work with the Alibaba and Alipay where we were helping them think about cross border acceptance for their websites and helping them tackle fraud and counterfeit goods on their websites and so on.  Now when that changes, with this announcement, it doesn’t change yet. The announcement just indicates the direction is there but remember this announcement is innovated now for quite a few months ever since the WTO ruling had its deadline set up. So what’s really going to matter is how they propose the regulations, what’s called a qualifying company, would we need to be constructed differently in China to be eligible to be a qualifying company, or would we be allowed to participate there with the domestic processing capability? I don’t know the answers to all that yet but in general we’ve already made a number of steps that I will not competitively disclose that allow me to be relatively confident that when they make the right moves we will be able to respond. That’s kind of where we are. You had a question there about – how does that differ from other markets – well, there isn’t a lot of other examples where a domestically mandated monopolistic switch exists, that’s not been our experience. You could have banks coming together to create domestic debit schemes like Europe used to have in many countries which have been [ph] on the payment systems directive, have actually opened that up and that’s one of the ways they are growing in Europe, we are seeing more and more domestic transactions in the developed European countries as well. But – and then there are similar domestically handled – domestic debit switches in Australia and Canada, so dealing with domestic debit switches and domestic debit systems is something we’ve had experience on for 30 years. It’s just that China was uniquely different because not only did you have a domestic switch for debit, it is for every card being processed there issued domestically was controlled in terms of who could handle that transaction on the ground.
Ajay Banga: I think secular growth in Asia is still very much available. The level of cash utilization in the Asian market is the highest probably around the world other than a few Latin American markets. I mean China and India are still in the 95 to 99 plus percentage of transactions being in cash, and that even Japan which is a developed country in that part of the world has a 75% to 80% cash percentage in its transaction in the country. So I'd be very careful to think that secular growth in Asia is beginning to slow. I think the real issue in Asia – by the way when you start – when you grow at 15%, 20%, you’re not growing at 21 of 22%, big deal. And just you should take that in this context.  And it’s still growing very rapidly and ASEAN is probably growing faster than mainland China just because mainland China is genuinely facing a change not just in its GDP growth rate but in the manner of spending on the ground in China with all the different efforts of the leadership of the Chinese government is putting into place on what’s going on in the ground. So that’s kind of two or three things going on there in China. India itself had slowed down over the last few years. It’s actually with the new government beginning to pick up again. So there is movement in economic growth indicators around there. There isn't much impact from Russia into Asia, that's not what I would lay as the main cause of what we are discussing, it’s both the macro growth factors of China and then at the low level of India, ASEAN continuing to doing well, Australia slowed a little bit over time as the commodity boom has slowed. You know Japan is going through its own stresses and changes. But don’t conclude – at least I wouldn’t yet, that the secular growth rate of cash converting to electronic in Asia is yesterday story. I think that’s the moral story yet to come.
Ajay Banga: It is. Absolutely it is a significant opportunity. I mean RuPay is not a government mandated local monopoly unlike China UnionPay. RuPay is an effort by the government to create a national payment switch that operates in parallel and competitive about us and Visa and others. And clearly when you have a government switch they get certain benefit. Guess what I was saying, we've used to dealing with the domestic switches in a number of countries, that’s kind of been true for Europe for the last so many years, it’s true for Mexico, it’s true for Canada, it used to be the case in a number of Latin countries, it’s around the world. We do that -- we can compete on a level playing field because technology is superior, fraud capability, data analytics, the ability to do things with local banks, we can do that. So I still consider India to be an enormous growth opportunity. Just as by the way I consider China to be an enormous growth opportunity. And by the way I consider Australia to be an enormous growth opportunity given the relative the penetration of cards, because even now the percentage of retail transactions in Australia that are cash versus electronic are still in the majority. That’s why contactless in Australia has been doing so well for the past two years. A large number of the retail transactions that were cash in Australia was small ticket and Australia contactless first started doing well in small tickets and now it’s moved up. That’s why understanding all the way up to Australian 100 dollars, more than half of those transactions in just two years have migrated to contactless, that’s almost all of it is fighting what used to be cash.  So it’s pretty interesting what’s going on in that part of the world. As it is the other parts of the world.
Ajay Banga: No, no, that’s not true. You get surcharging in a great deal from online transactions where people don’t have much choice. And that’s always been an issue but in the real world out there, yes, surcharging is but it’s a small number, it changes over the period of quarters and I don’t consider that to be an issue. This is what I would like to see because I believe that consumers should be able to pay with whatever way they like to pay without having to face surcharges, and then by the way the Australian central bank has come back and put in restrictions on the level of surcharge for that very reason. So there is a lot of stuff going on in the marketplace down there, and guess what, that’s our life, it happens in different countries, I still consider Australia to be a growth partner. 
Ajay Banga: Craig, I would like to just make sure that the Chase de-conversion issue doesn’t overtake what everybody is thinking. So just try to think through for a second. The co-brand cards have a certain vintage built-up, all cards have that behaviour. The Chase cards were already vintage. When they go up, they go up for the certain volume spend pattern. New cards take some time to build up to that pattern. You will see in the number of cards being issued that the US is continuing to do well and frankly despite losing the Chase de-conversion of the consumer business that you are seeing, you are seeing that our GDV is still doing okay, that’s because we are growing with the other cards as well as in the commercial space. So our portfolio is a healthy mix of many clients across many types of cards and what we are trying to do as we win and lose clients is still stay focused on growing the overall business in a tangible way. That’s what you are seeing. We’ve got 13% revenue growth this quarter, we had good revenue growth for the past few quarters through this so called Chase de-conversion. In the meanwhile by the way Chase has been a really good partner on a number of other cards they are doing with us, co-brands as well as large corporate. So life goes on from there and there are other wins that keep coming and going and that’s the context in which you should see our business portfolio. As I know you understand because we’ve travelled together a couple of times and we’ve talked about this. But I just want to make sure everybody on the call gets that picture. 
Ajay Banga: So first of all, glad to hear a woman’s voice on the phone asking me a question. Honestly I haven’t seen what you are seeing. I have heard noise about it in Russia for sure when the whole situation with the sanctions happened. Clearly there was noise on the ground of issuers looking into possibility and I can understand that at that time although that didn’t go very far, in the meanwhile the law changed and has amended and adapted. So I think it depends where that goes. So I don’t know. And in my general perspective, bigger perspective on this is that given that 85% of the world’s retail transactions are still in cash, I am a little less fuss about every new effort being put into payments being a direct competitor as against being a part of the whole ecosystem that must fight cash have been talking about this for five years, cash is the real opportunity for a company like ours. And that’s what we are focused on. It doesn’t mean I am not competitive, trust me, I am very competitive on share and you would see that growing share quarter by quarter in markets around the world. But I don’t really view each entry or exit as a direct competitive issue. I view that as something you’re going to be careful of, but you’ve got to also realize that few players that are aiming at cash is probably a good thing.
Ajay Banga: The only other thing I would add is beyond all digital, by the way, you’re talking digital programs – South Africa and Nigeria are cards with a chip on them in both biometric enabled, and South Africa is even voice enabled to be recognized at the back-office. But in Nigeria it’s the biometric card with a chip enabled card, and the other side is the payment card. It is mobile based in some markets but it’s also card based so the world food program example in Syrian refugees, and Lebanon, Jordan is also a card. It just depends on what's going on in that marketplace and its ecosystem. Building a mobile ecosystem for delivery of product to people at the disadvantage level, when you start a remittance, which is what the [impasse] type of thing is, that’s not easy because if that mobile system isn’t accepted at a shop, it’s not a lot of use to the consumer.  So I’d be careful to assume that it’s all about mobile, I think it’s about different ways of reaching these consumers and getting them into electronic payment system and then the revenue dynamics as Martina said low in the beginning because of higher cash use, you will see it in our numbers and in terms of the cash transactions and lower yield on those. And then hopefully over time the people will migrate towards being more in the system and using their cards at the point of sale, at which point of time you would see a bigger impact in our revenues. 
Ajay Banga: That’s a good way to penalize, Martina and I love doing that. And I will buy you a beer for that though. So guys, thank you all for your questions and Lisa, thank you for yours. And I will leave you with a closing thoughts. Yes, the global economic environment remains mixed but I think we are demonstrating that we can navigate through this pretty well and to this last question, you will see us continue to invest in our business, on products, on services, on technologies that are key to our strategy, not just organically but also through acquisitions. I really appreciate your continued support of the company. Thank you for being on the call today.
