Martina Hund-Mejean: So Chris, we put the cross-border acquiring price increase in place in April 2013. So you will see that basically anniversary in our -- also at the end of the first quarter of 2014.
Martina Hund-Mejean: No. I said as part of our long-term objectives, you will only see some modest pricing. So this is still a big one that is basically going to anniversary.
Martina Hund-Mejean: And let me just add a comment to 2014 because I'm sure everyone of you would like to know a little bit about the cadence of our A&M spend. And the cadence will be relatively similar to what you saw in 2013. The only thing that we're trying to do, and Ajay had already referenced that, is maybe smooth out a little bit the first and the second quarter. So you might see a little bit more in the first quarter when we're talking just a bit more, taking it out of the fourth quarter. The second and the third quarter should be, from a cadence point of view, very similar.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, rebates and incentives. So let me just tell you, rebates and incentives, we think that is -- from a cadence point of view, it's going to go back much more normal to what we have seen prior to 2013, right? So in the second quarter and then the third quarter, you see normalized growth rates. It's very tough for us to be telling you what you should be thinking about as a percentage of growth revenues. But I would -- when I look forward, I would look -- it's something not too different to what you saw in 2013, which would also suggest that, overall, the annual growth rate is not too different for 2014.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So David, what we are doing is -- I didn't say a little less, I actually said less than 9%. There is a little bit of a difference on those kind of numbers. And what we are really doing is, as we said, we opportunistically put some more money into the business in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. And when we look at our budget going forward, we are not assuming that we are going to have a repeat of that. But as we have said before, depending on how our top line will develop, right, and our top line is subject to what we just discussed on the potential migration of cards from the Chase portfolio, we might be putting extra money into the company if we can do it, okay? But it all depends on how we see the top line developing and the bottom. So at this point in time, the budget basically just said operating expenses will grow less than 9%.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay. Let me take the easy one first, which is what drove other revenues up. Other revenues were predominantly driven by our advisors' revenues as well as Access Prepaid. So the other things that we are really focusing on from a service point of view, and Ajay had already said something that we are really focusing on putting advisors out on the globe. And you're actually seeing a really great benefit from that and that's why you see a 20% increase in other revenues going up.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, yes. Not volume or transaction-based, this is all fee-based revenues, right? Darrin, you are asking us one tough question on the underlying trends, okay? In terms of really figuring out why a quarter moves up or down from 1 or 2 percentage points is pretty tough to do. All we can say is when we triangulated with the data that Ajay was already referencing, from a GDP and from a PCE number, that we actually felt that the fourth quarter, both in the United States as well as in Europe, was pretty healthy, okay? So even though we had some move in the growth numbers, it was pretty healthy. And you could see that on the credit side and you could see that on the debit side. Now Latin America, Asia Pacific, we know that there was some impact, given what is happening from a China production point of view. And hopefully, if the world gets into a better footing, that will resolve itself. But it's very tough to be putting that down to very specific changes.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Bryan, no. That's why we said that we are assuming some impact in 2014. And I actually said that we assume that something would have happened in 2013 and it did not.
Martina Hund-Mejean: And just add to this, we already own a processor in Poland, which is called TREVICA, and now we are owning the processor, the independent processor in Turkey, Provus. And when you look at these processes on an isolated basis, of course, they have a lower margin profile than our business. But when we found that all the work that we did around TREVICA in the last couple of years that, that really helps our main business and that we are able to win deals, that the deals are more sticky and that we're actually able to give more services to the client because we actually saw the transaction. So we really think, from a strategic and from a financial point of view, this is a very good way to go.
Ajaypal S. Banga: It's Ajay. I'm not sure I understood the second part. If you are talking about the Chase commercial deal, and that's just a regular deal like we would do with any other institution in our commercial business. So that's how that's done. The part of our advertising and marketing, actually the fourth quarter has been the maximum transactions occur across most parts of the world. And we've been trying for some time to get our advertising and marketing to fit and match the right time periods for when it should be correlated to our transaction spend. And it kind of depends how it works. In some cases, you get the right opportunities. In others we didn't. In this particular one, we got a great deal of opportunity around the end of the year to sign up a few things, to participate in activities in social media and physical media around the New Year in different places. So it gave us a chance to put ourselves back into people's eyes and minds at the right time of the year. That's kind of what that is about. So it wasn't out of normal -- if you look at our fourth quarter spend on advertising and marketing. We should be spending this kind of money to correlate back to the kind of revenues and transactions that happened in the fourth quarter, gross revenues.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So we -- look, we enjoy our position in Europe. And I've said a few times that I actually consider Europe to be a decent growth market for our company, even the developed markets of Western Europe, primarily because of the relatively high levels of cash that still exists in some of those economies. If you take out the Nordics, where cash is actually very small. If you come to Germany or France, there's still an overwhelming majority that's in cash, and those are very attractive markets. We have a good position. We've been gaining shares, that's absolutely correct. We're doing a lot of things with data analytics, with contactless, with fraud early warning systems, with inControl. And so all those help us win deals. And now, we're focused on trying to process more and more of the transactions in Europe as we go along. So even this quarter, our processed transactions grew by 14% or so in Europe, in SEPA. So that's a good thing for us. And we're focused on that. And a lot of the work we're doing with Provus and TREVICA are all aligned around that set aspect. So between digital and advisors and data, in addition to what we already do in our core business, we have a decent line of sight to where Europe is going. But Europe is not without its challenges. It has regulatory challenges that are unique to the way Europe is constructed and the way it functions. And I talked a little bit about those in the form of the EC legislation as well as this recent ruling by the AG [ph]. The AG ruling doesn't impact anything directly because the raise [ph] is already there. But could that spill over tomorrow into some other way of looking at regulatory arbitrage or thinking in that space in Europe? Sure, it could. And that's something we are always conscious of. And we're always trying to make sure that we work well within that environment.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Tough to say, because I really can't give you that much detailed information about one set of clients and books. But you should know that Chase is a very, very large consumer bank with a very large consumer portfolio. And they've got a strong corporate banking business that's growing, but there's no way that those 2 are comparable. So I don't see us making up what we are losing in the consumer side if it goes away in 2014. I have no way to estimate what will happen. I'm kind of assuming it's going away. And I've heard the earnings call that VISA had, where they talked about getting it. So I'm assuming that they're both thinking similarly, that 2014 is the year that it goes from us to them. Sidemark [ph] you're going to make up for that, but it will help, just as all the co-brands will help. And there are co-brands that we haven't been able to announce because of certain circumstances with those retailers and those issuers, which will all become clearer to you over the next few months. So I'm hoping that we'll eventually come up in the right place. But 2014 is going to be the year of transition. We've tried to factor that in when Martina said that we think revenue could be at the lower end of our long-term guidance. Now if it comes in better, that'll be great because if the attrition is slower or these co-brands come on quicker, that'll be great as well. But typically, our co-brands, after we announce it, takes somewhere between 1 year and 1.5 years to start onboarding and kicking in. So there's a timeline in our business and that's what we are providing for. Look, underlying trends in our business in the U.S. and elsewhere have been good in our fourth quarter. Our growth revenue actually came in better than our plan. And what happened is that we signed more deals and I'm actually happy to sign those deals. And so that's what I'm thinking about this whole circumstance around how to think about where our revenues and our company is going over the next couple of years.
Ajaypal S. Banga: I actually don't see it that way. I see the U.S. as -- if you just look at the U.S. as a whole, if you look at the drags on U.S. economic growth that contributed to whatever happened in 2013, and 2013 turned out to end in a stronger way than people expected. So there were lots of drags, a lot of drags from the sequester to all the other kinds of stuff that happened there. So I don't see the U.S. as being slowing in any way. I see it improving. Actually Europe, showing signs of life as well. Northern Europe, even the U.K., which 1 year ago people talked about as being in very difficult and dire circumstances, has clearly showed a recovery in where it's headed. That brings us to Asia. And Asia is dominated by what happens between China, Japan, Australia and India. And if you think about China -- yes, China's growth has slowed, but China's growth has slowed first in domestic expenditure, which impacts us very little because we don't get to play in the domestic processing yet, right? Japan is actually beginning to show signs of life. Australia depends a great deal on what happens with China because Australia's economy relies a great deal on the exports into China. And India is just India. India is being India right now. It's going through all that it's doing with its elections and all that's -- underlying it. But India's economy is 2/3 consumption. And that consumption is still growing. And while China and India may be growing slower than in the past, they're still growing in very attractive numbers beyond the 10. So yes -- perhaps the question about slowdown, you got to remember the number of days in the fourth quarter, the number of processing days. And Martina went a couple of times to explain that if you took out the impact of the smaller number of days and look at the normalized data, you will find this kind of similar growth. But if you went to Asia and you went back 4 quarters in Asia, you would find Asia today is a little slower in PCE growth than it was 4 quarters ago. That's what I'm addressing when talking to you. I'm not addressing the specifics of the processed transactions, because I think Martina addressed those a couple of times in her opening remarks.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So we are adding people in different areas. It's not just in MasterPass and tokenization, although that did add a fair number of engineers and development teams. But we are adding people in sales. We're adding people in client delivery. We've added people in product management. And when we open new countries -- China has people in the control functions, so they open in a way that is well handled for the future. That kind of -- all those things add up. We have opened a number of new offices around the world as well over the last couple of years. All that tends to add up. What we're really doing is adding people who bring to us a different perspective on how we look at our business. So we're adding people not just from banking and consulting, although that still is a good source of people, we're also adding people from consumer product companies and from technology companies and from marketing organizations and from government background and experience. So when you pull all of that together, that's the kind of people we're adding. It's not anything specific in the fourth quarter or in the third quarter or the second quarter. We've been adding people consistently over the last couple of years, as we've tried to create the ability for us to have the right footprint and the right infrastructure to go into so many new areas. So when you see us talk about advisors and generating fee revenues from advisors, I can't get them without a certain quantum of people, to have feet on the street as well as people who are doing analytics. When you talk about Access Prepaid Worldwide, that didn't exist in our book a couple of years back. So when you sort of add all that together, our company is changing and morphing. And in that change and morph, what I'm trying to do is to maintain our operating margin at a very healthy level, but put money back into building the skills, capabilities and technologies that is going to be required for this digital physical convergence, combined with the data opportunity that our company is talking about. So that's kind of what I'm trying to do.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Great question. Right now, fortunately, I haven't seen a great deal of impact coming out of that. And as we just told you, our first few days of January looked like they're actually a little better than the quarter that went by or similar. It's a little better in some cases. But there's no one specific data breach that causes trouble. It's an ongoing feeling that consumers get about their safety and the security of their information. And these recent data breaches are not just about cards, they were about other consumer data, tens of millions of stuff that went away. And that creates its own angst in everyone's mind. Fortunately, our technology, the technology of our competitor networks, combined with some of the great tools that the banks and merchants have built along with us over the years has meant that people are trying to keep fraud under control and trying to help the consumer. So I'm really -- that's less of the issue. I'm far more concerned about getting the right things done so we get ahead of this as we go forward. Otherwise, they're going to have this keep coming. And it -- the more often it happens, the worse it feels. So that's what I'm looking at. And it's not about who did what and it's not about finger-pointing, and it's not about I said this and they said that. I really want to get past all that nonsense to the real stuff which is, we need to get EMV in place. In January, Chris McWilton issued a letter to all our issuers and the merchant partners saying, "We are standing by our deadline." We need to get this going and everyone needs to be on the bandwagon. Banks need to be there, merchants need to be there, governments are clearly there. We need to get the networks there and the acquirers there. And I think there is a lot of progress on that front. I know a large number of the big merchants are very committed to -- they have new terminals and new terminalization. I know that the terminal manufacturers have geared up for that. I know that a number of the banks have begun to issue chip cards already. You can see people are making all the right efforts. This should only redouble our desire to get this done quickly. That's what I'm talking about.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Very significant. It's very significant to the views of the impact of breaches. Look, every time a chip card is used, it uses the technology inside to create a unique data point for that transaction. That kind of bolsters the security and the certainty of that transaction. That's why chip transactions are virtually impossible to fraudulently replicate. And of course, because the darn chip is there, it makes it hard to counterfeit the card in the first place. So if I say it differently, EMV would not prevent a data breach. I mean, look, in the Target case, there were stuff with cards, there were stuff with data that happened in the Target system. EMV is not going to protect from that data breach. What it will do it makes that -- any data stolen, much, much, much less valuable to a fraudster because it's tough to counterfeit the card and it's almost impossible to duplicate all the unique data that flows for that transaction to get approved. So it's kind of got double layers of protection inside it. That's what it's about. But you need to understand that while it's good in addressing counterfeit fraud, it's not the only solution, a lot of single solution to drive security in the payment space. There's going to be a ton of things that will happen with how data is secured, how it's kept, how it's encrypted in motion and address things that we all do, things that very often -- you cannot expect small merchants to do in the same way, or smaller acquirers to do in the same way. That's one of the reasons why, in the future, with digital technology, tokenization is actually a key because in tokenization, that data doesn't even go to be stored in that location. It's encrypted with a key that only the networks and the banks recognize. And therefore, the concept of that data line in the weakest link in the chain will go away. So it's both EMV, tokenization, fraud tools, all the things that are going on. It's not one thing, but EMV is a really big arrow in the quiver.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So the strategic implications really are back to what Gary and all of us talked about it on the Investor Day. If you -- of course, obviously, if you switched the transaction, as you know, we only get to do a little, around 50% of our transactions. And I'd love to be able to get beyond that because as you switch the transaction, first of all, it will be much stronger position in the system. Second, you'll see all aspects of it coming and going. And if you -- in addition, even if you don't switch it but you see it pass through, because you're either helping the acquirers process or helping the issuers process, then you'd still have a lot of data that you can then use for developing fraud scores, behavioral scores, the advisor's fee revenue, all that kind of stuff. So getting in front or behind of the transaction is useful for someone like us. I don't want to be just a payment switch, that's not the business that, long term, can give us the ability. And by long term, I mean out a decade. I'm not -- I'm trying to be more than that. I want to be using our data to create the right revenue streams from data. I want to be able to use in the digital world all the things we can do from before, during and after the payment. You can't do all that if you aren't a little smarter about processing. So that's what we're trying to do. Now in countries like the United States and Brazil, we process almost all of our transactions. However, when you get into some of the emerging markets and, of course, as you know, in China, we don't process domestic transactions. When you get to places in the emerging markets or the high-growth markets in Europe, that's where these things can help us. And as you know, SEPA opened up the ability for us to reenter the processing market in the developed countries of Europe, which we are trying our best to do and they're making very steady progress on that as well. So it's a long way to answer -- that being in the center of the transaction and being there before, during and after the transaction, being on both sides of it are very, very useful for this company.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Continental co-brand actually has a lot -- has cards that are issued on MasterCard are protected for the life of those cards. That's different. But when Chase did the relationship that they did with VISA on the network, at that time, one of the items that VISA and Chase both announced was this migration of the consumer book inside of Chase, the rest of it, to our competitor. It didn't happen in 2013. That's what we're referring to.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Yes, absolutely, that's what we're doing with tokenization, and that's exactly why we're at it. And we're actually hopeful that it will all get done and start being out there in the marketplace, as we said, sometime in 2014, and then it'll keep rolling along from there. And it's going to accept everything from secured elements to SIM-based solutions to other kind of efforts to get secured information into MasterPass and the tokenization. We are very committed to that.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Sure. Don, thank you. I actually -- it's actually what I expected. You all know that they're all thinking about this. And the fact that Google is out there first and actually doing something, doesn't mean that the others weren't working on it. They're all working on it. And they're all trying to figure out what the right role to play for their respective strengths and weaknesses are, as this payment opportunity evolves. And it's not just payments. When you talk to most of them, they will tell you it's about the before, during and after the transaction. So Google tends to think about it as a metric to look at enhancing their advertising and consumer outreach business, not really as a payments business. Others think differently. And everybody comes in from a different perspective. So that's why what we're trying to do is to partner with as many of them as we can. And we've managed, I think, well to shift the dialogue from one of distant mediation to one of partnership, because we bring some very strong assets to the table in terms of what we haven't possess and also what we're investing in. And so that's kind of where they're going with it. That's our -- I'm not the least surprised. I believe it's the right thing to do anyway with all the strong players in the digital world. We'll have a role to play in some way to enable payments for their consumers. It's the right thing to do. So let me leave you with a few closing thoughts. We had a very good 2013. We delivered on our expectations. We saw strong revenue and EPS growth. We continued to invest back into our products, our technology and our people. Overall, it seems like the economic environment is improving, especially in the U.S. and Europe. I understand that emerging markets are going through a bumpy patch, which we will continue to watch. But remember, they are starting in a much better place than they were in previous crises. And so I believe that over a period of time, that should stabilize. Now looking ahead, for the next couple of years, the world generally seems to be headed towards a better economic cycle than what we have seen in the recent past. And I hope those are not famous last words, "That's kind of where my head is." Our business continues to have strong momentum as it shows in our GDV and our gross revenue numbers in the fourth quarter. We are focused on driving the conversion from cash to electronic payments and at the same time, very, very focused on creating solutions and working with governments and other partners to advance financial inclusion. Investing in our core solutions remains important. So we're making investments in new products as well, in new services and new capabilities, all of which will help expand our presence in the area around payments as well, not just the payments but before, during and after. And for sure, we will continue our efforts to ensure that we make the best possible impact on ensuring safety and security for everyone in the physical payment space while carrying those competencies into the digital world as the 2 invariably converge over the next few years. So thank you for your support, and thank you for joining us on today's call.
