Ajay Banga: Thank you, Warren. Good morning, everybody. We are now a few quarters into the pandemic. And while individuals and businesses and society at large continue to face many challenges, we are also seeing some positive trends, both in terms of the trajectory of spending and the acceleration of digital payments that we are helping enable. For example, our SpendingPulse estimates for quarter three show U.S. retail sales up 1.8% versus a year ago, ex-auto, ex-gas. We've also seen positive numbers in countries like the United Kingdom. Looking at the trends, volumes improved throughout the third quarter. In fact, if you exclude travel and entertainment, which has been particularly hard hit, our switched volume growth rates in September were similar to what we saw before the pandemic in Q4 of 2019. Using our four-phased framework, we have seen markets go through the containment and stabilization phases, and now we believe that most markets are in the normalization phase domestically with some approaching growth. And so, consistent with this, we have seen our revenue going in the right direction this quarter as year-over-year currency-neutral growth was 3 percentage points better than last quarter, and the domestic spending trends so far in October continue to remain steady. Now, we have seen some improvement in domestic travels in the quarter, including spending in categories such as lodging and restaurants. Cross-border travel, however, remains constrained. And while we have seen some improvement in travel within the EU during the quarter, cross-border travel outside the EU has shown only limited recovery. We believe travel improve and consumer confidence recovers as a result of improved testing and safety protocols being put in place, medical advances occurring and as border restrictions are lifted, and there is increased international coordination of travel cross-borders. When cross-border travel does improve, we will be very well-positioned to capitalize on that recovery. So, overall, we see signs of improvement. But, we’re not out of the woods yet, as we are seeing in places like Europe restriction being put back in place. As we said in the past, progress through the phases may not be linear. It's going to take some time. And it will be positively impacted by the broad availability of successful therapeutics and vaccines. During this time, we remain focused on the things we can control, continue to execute against our strategy, invest in our business for the longer term and manage our expenses in a disciplined way. Our digital technologies help us drive the secular shift to electronic forms of payment that support our broad range of customers, banks, fintechs, neobanks and merchants. We are growing our core payment capabilities in credit, debit, prepaid and commercial with new and renewed deals. Our services, which are helping our customers and consumers adapt to the changing environment are continuing to grow well, and they provide meaningful differentiation and revenue diversification. And our multi-rail capabilities are providing choice to customers and consumers by addressing a wide range of payment flows. So, with that, let me turn the call over to Michael.
Ajay Banga: Hey Lisa, it's Ajay. And I'm going to kick it off, and I'm going to let Michael. He is the European export. First, tokenization to us is building the foundation for safe, secure and frictionless online contactless kind of commerce. But, think of tokenization as being extendable also to card-present transactions eventually. So that wherever card data exchanges hand in any form, the actual data that exchanges hands is not the data that can be reused without unlocking cryptocurrency. That's the objective. Then also, therefore, provides us with a terrific rail to see more transactions than we used to in the past, which by the way is one of the reasons why our transaction percentage, as we see, is growing up from -- over the last decade from 40-something percent to 55-plus percent today. And that enables our data and services business to power itself on a higher level of growth. That's the logic of tokenization. That's the investment in it. The fact that it's now 8%, which is kind of doubling over last year in terms of number of transactions, you should view that as a continuing trend that we are going to push as hard as we can with every ounce of energy in our selling system. That's the first part of the answer. Does it connect to Europe? Yes, not yet any differently from others because secure customer authentication, SCA, is still not fully implemented, as you know, in Europe because there was an extension granted on how well that will go through. Will that be very much helped by tokenization? Yes, but not yet in those numbers. So, what you're seeing is really efforts across the board, across markets, across geographies for us to build a foundation for this very simple smart commerce of the future.
Ajay Banga: And by the way, Lisa, this is useful for merchants, as Michael said. It's useful for fintech. It's useful for banks. It's useful from a point of view of governments, because it adds the security in the system. This is a good thing. And it's standardized across the industry, which makes it get to scale.
Ajay Banga: Somewhere between 25% and 30% of our revenue, depending on the quarter. So, you can imagine the focus that Michael and team are putting into it, you should expect to see more activity in that space in data analytics, in AI, in cybersecurity. You should expect Michael to be continually driving new differentiation there.
Ajay Banga: Think about -- this is Ajay. Think about whether you say credit or a credit product or credit on a Buy-Now-Pay-Later product, it's still credit. It's pay later. They're either paying now, paying later or paying in advance, that is the third way to pay. Paying in advance is prepaid, paying now is debit or pay by account, which is again, our multi-rail approach, or credit, which is credit cards or Buy-Now-Pay-Later. We are not going to show on consumers into one place or the other. Our job is to offer choice to our partners, merchants, fintechs, banks, and then let them play the right approach with their consumer base. So, our kind of approach to this is that the need for some degree of a pay later product remains. Whether it's on one rail or the other happens to be just two options that we would offer both of.
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Michael. And I actually was counting back during this call. And this is my 44th earnings call. And I hope you, Michael, have a similar run. I do want to thank all of you who’ve been so supportive of our Company during my time over the last decade and for taking the long-term view and for trusting us to make the right investment choices to drive growth for this Company over that long term. You've seen the results. We've grown our suite of core products. We've developed world-class digital capabilities that have resulted in significant share growth over time with banks, with fintechs, with merchants. We've developed a risk set of services that both support those core payment products, they also help to diversify our revenues. And we are a true multi-rail payments provider. We have positioned ourselves for growth in new payment flows like B2B as well as in areas beyond payments such as open banking and digital identity. From '09 to 2019, revenues have grown over 3 times from $5.1 billion to $16.9 billion. Adjusted net income has grown almost 5 times from $1.5 billion to $7.9 billion. And the share price has reflected this performance, this morning's performance, notwithstanding. Michael has an awesome company with a wide area of assets and capabilities in an industry with secular tailwinds. Yes, we have to continue to execute while investing for the next decade. And I have no doubt, challenges will lie ahead, like the pandemic that is still with us, economic and societal challenges, as well as nationalistic tendencies. But, I also have no doubt whatsoever, in Michael's skills as a leader and in the quality of the wonderful people in this Company, as we look ahead. Thank you. Have a great day.
Sachin Mehra: Hey Craig, it's Sachin. So, let me take that one. I think, the thing to actually focus on is the following. When you think about cross-border, you think about intra-Europe cross-border and non-intra-Europe cross-border. But, the other dimension you should think about is personal travel relative to business travel. And, I think, what you should -- our expectation in terms of how we think things will evolve is going to be tied to the availability of vaccines and therapeutics. Our view is personal travel comes back quicker than business travel does. Personal travel for Mastercard represents a substantial portion of our total cross-border. So, the way I would think about that is to think about in the context of, as travel starts to come back, we'll see personal travel, which is a substantial portion of our total cross-border come back sooner than business travel. And that should be tied to how we see the evolution of the COVID vaccine and the therapeutics taking place. That's the way I would think about it.
Sachin Mehra: Look, I mean, here is what I tell you, in terms of the opportunity for yields on card-present versus card-not-present is the way you should think about it, generally, at the baseline, the yields are pretty consistent. Clearly, when you have card-not-present transactions, you have the opportunity to leverage the strong capabilities we at Mastercard have from a services standpoint, such as our fraud and analytics capabilities, which when layered on and are more relevant in the card-not-present environment, cause for the yields to be higher in card-not-present over card-present.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So Darren, so in other revenue, as we kind of previously discussed, it's got -- a large part of our services revenue sits there. There are several other revenue items related to acquisitions, which we've done in the services area, which kind of again sit in that. So, there's a bunch of stuff which goes in the other revenue line item. I think the way you should think about it is the following. Our services capabilities and the revenue we generate from our services capabilities continue to be in great demand in the marketplace and they're growing well. Bottom line, point number one, really important for us to get out there, because there is a lot of demand coming from our customers on that. What you are seeing in terms of other revenue growth in Q3 is -- and the reason it's -- we grew at 6% ex acquisitions that grew at about 4%. We had a tough year-over-year comp. Last year, that other revenue line item was growing at 30% ex acquisitions. And so, look, at the end of the day, last year the growth rate we had was driven by some really strong demand in the third quarter for our consulting capabilities, which came through there. And really, what I would say is longer term, the way you should think about services in general and other revenue as well is they continue to grow faster than the core. They're in good demand in the marketplace, including those which we've developed organically, as well as the acquisitions we've done, including things like Ethoca, RiskRecon, all of which, candidly in the current prevailing environment with increased digitalization are even in more demand. So, that's the way I think about it.
Sachin Mehra: Hi Jason, it's Sachin. On transaction processing fees and the delta between transaction processing fees and the growth in switched transactions, it is primarily being driven by the adverse cross-border mix. As you know, there is a component of our cross-border revenues which come in transaction processing fees. And when the proportionate share of intra-Europe versus non-intra-Europe is tilting towards in favor of intra-Europe transactions, it has the adverse impact, which is what you're seeing come through there. And in Q3, that's exactly what's kind of driving that delta. On your second question on performance of credit, we do have actually seen an improvement in credit performance quarter-over-quarter, much in line with what you're learning from the issuer side. In fact, I would say, across all regions, there has been good improvement in our volume metrics. And the reality is, as we are starting to see strength come through relative to the second quarter in terms of domestic volumes and transactions, that's manifesting itself in the debit improvements we've seen as well as on the credit side. So, it's very consistent with what we're hearing fromthe issuance.
Sachin Mehra: Hi. Tien-tsin. So, the color, which in addition to the commentary, which we've just shared around yields in general as well as the mix shift, which is taking place between intra-Europe cross-border and non-intra-Europe cross-border is, travel, by and large happens to be more credit-oriented. And recovery of travel ties closely to how the metrics show up on credit as well. And so, the only point I can make is that as we start to see travel come back, which we very well expect to come back, and like I said, personal travel probably before business travel. I think, from a product standpoint, what you can expect to see is that the credit volumes start to come back in a more meaningful manner, just because that's the more prominent product to use there. The other piece is certainly prepaid as well in the travel business. As you know, we've got a bunch of prepaid products, which are very focused on travel-oriented business. And that too we'll start to see that come through, once travel comes back.
Sachin Mehra: James, on taxes, -- the tax rate question which you had is being driven by a shift in the mix of our earnings, the geographical mix of our earnings. And really I've shared with you in terms of our outlook for taxes for Q4 reflects the current mix as we see it. Look, longer term, what I would tell you is, as things revert back to the mean, and I perfectly will expect that over time, things will revert back to the mean. One would expect to see that come through in the nature of our tax rate as well, as the mix starts to readjust back to what we used to see in the pre-COVID days.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So, I'll just -- one comment, Sanjay, on what Michael just said as well. As it relates to personal travel, I think it's instructive to also see what's going on in domestic travel right now. So, you are starting to see domestic travel start to return. And if you see the mix of how domestic travel returning, you're seeing personal travel come around quicker. Not to say that business travel is not coming around. We're starting to see a little bit of business travel coming on the domestic side. So, if I would extend that over to start to think about what the patterns look like on cross-border and particularly the long-haul cross-border, we expect that the pent-up demand that Michael talked about, that personal travel will come back sooner than business, but business will come back as well in cross-border. It will tie closely to the vaccines and the therapeutics. Very important for us to kind of keep line of sight on that, because at the end of the day, consumer confidence is going to be a very key determinant of how people feel about getting on planes for 12, 13, 14 hours. So, I think that's important as to how we think about this from a framework standpoint. On the second part of your question, on non-travel cross-border. Look, I mean, the secular trends are underway. You're seeing them. You’re seeing the amount of digitization, which is taking place of payment flows. You're seeing the capabilities that we are building in that space to enable that secular trend and the acceleration of that secular trend. And we don't see the cross-border space as being too different in terms of how we see the e-commerce and cross-border playing out over the longer term. More and more merchants are going omnichannel, and that's really important. In the past, there were smaller merchants who felt like it was okay just to be having acceptance at the physical point of sale. They are moving more to an omnichannel environment. We're doing a bunch to enable that. We're doing a bunch on doing things from a card-on-file standpoint, tokenization, as Ajay mentioned. So, I think, those are all the things which we've got to kind of keep pushing on to capitalize on these trends from a secular standpoint. And we expect that the non-travel card-not-present component will continue to grow nicely going forward.
Michael Miebach: Despite the fact that Ajay isn't European, I think, he told the European story. The only thing I would add is, as we did the foundational work over the last two, three years around tokenization, particularly the merchant tokenization, our MPRM [ph] product, we've made the implementation so much easier. We're talking about a very light lift for merchants, which is driving some of this acceleration here.
Michael Miebach: Hey Bob, Michael here. So, we're actively engaging on the two that you mentioned. That's Nets and that's Fincity. As Sachin pointed out earlier, we are confident that Nets will close into the first quarter. We're very happy that we get the intrinsical approval from the EU Commission there. We're working through the remedy. So, that is a process that's well-understood and on track for us. So, a high level of confidence there. When it comes to Finicity, we continue to be quite optimistic as we work this through and it will close in the fourth quarter. Now, the level of oversight and engagement around antitrust topics, we're obviously aware of that. And we're following a news as everybody else does. Now, when we look at Finicity where the confidence that I've just talked about there really relates to why we like Finicity. We like Finicity because they have really strong data management practices. We like them because they have in a light of day set of relationships with banks and with fintechs on both sides, so very transparent business model. We like them particularly because of the approach that they took to create a world of open banking that really favors the consumer to use their data with their consent and only with their consent. They created the financial data exchange around it, which is now the emerging standard globally on how to do open banking in a proper way. So, we feel really quite good about that. Other acquisitions, as they come, we'll continue to work that within the respective regulatory environment. So, not any change to our M&A strategy.
Michael Miebach: Yes. On the Buy-Now-Pay-Later space, obviously, this is -- it's a hot space. We're very active in this area. The whole range of partnerships that you recall over the last couple of quarters, Jifiti Divido, our Pine Labs investment, our Vyze acquisition and now TSYS. So, different regionally oriented ways to go to market. Afterpay, not to forget those guys. Different regional models to go to market. In terms of the economics questions that you asked related to that, it does play out in markets differently. But broadly speaking, the way we get involved in Buy-Now-and-Pay-Later not get involved to the credit side of it, but get out in -- get involved in the side of connecting merchants as well as lenders. So, here that -- you should think about that as fee-driven. We don't see the credit impact on our P&L, but it's a nice transaction business that relates -- links directly to the payment and therefore, puts us in an ideal position to benefit from that.
Michael Miebach: Well, let me start on that. First of all, picking up on Sachin's earlier comment, credit and travel, there's a high degree of correlation. As travel comes back, you'll see that reflected in credit. I think, generally, the point about us providing choice in payments to consumers is the key point. So, we'll see credit, we'll see debit, QR push payments. That's why we have a multi-rail strategy benefit from all that, regardless of what the mix is. But, I do expect credit to come back, while we saw a significant growth in debit on the shorter term. So, that’d be my outlook on the short-term future.
Michael Miebach: All right. Chris, it's Michael here. So, let me start with that. So, when we look ahead from this October week into the rest of the year and the holiday spending season, I think, we can already tell this is going to be a holiday spending season. That's a little bit different in terms of when and how and where consumers spend. In fact, it is our view that it has actually started. So, it started earlier than what we've seen in previous years, really with that particular e-com merchant promotion. So, as we look ahead, our SpendingPulse is actually forecasting, if you take out automotive and gas, a growth in U.S. retail sales of 2.4% throughout this holiday spending season. And the categories, we talked about them earlier, where we see some that spend will go predominantly, continued trend of home furnishing, anything that happens around the kind of diameter of your home. Athleisure, clothing and electronics, that's what we expect to outperform. What will help all this is some of the shift to omnichannel on the merchant side, so we'll see the continued rise of digital. But, at the same time, wherever possible, in light of social distancing measures, we also look out for shopping local trends in your community, in your city. So, both of that will play out. But, that's our view on next months to come.
Michael Miebach: Hey Sanjay. So, first -- I wish I had a crystal ball on what's going to happen. But, it is currently our view that the personal travel -- first of all, domestic, but generally, personal travel is coming back first. They want to see their families. There's like pent-up demand. You've been locked up for months. So, we do look for that, has to come back faster. And I just booked a holiday, interestingly enough, so -- and other people do the same. So that is -- it's a somewhat uninformed view. But, when you look at our mix, as Sachin earlier said, predominantly, our exposure on the travel side is towards domestic to start with and then business travel. So, we see that increasing. And it's not going to be kind of a light switch moment sometime next year. It's going to start to build out as coordination on travel corridors gets better, as testing protocols of airlines and then airports gets better. There will be these various steps that get us back to travel or return of travel with personal travel to start with. On the second part of your question, I'll hand it over to Sachin.
Michael Miebach: All right, Ramsey, Michael here. Let me take the second part of your question. First, get that out of the way. So, Click to Pay and making good progress in consumer rollout as well as in adding merchants. We're looking at 10,000 merchants here in the U.S. As far as consumer rollout goes, we talked to you in previous quarters about push provisioning through some large banks, particularly Citi here. So, this is growing at double-digit rates in terms of adding consumers. That's very, very encouraging. And what I thought is a very interesting data point. If you start to look at consumers that have used the Click to Pay experience, this is a very slick experience. We started to see that about a third of transactions is happening from returning users. So, you start to see habit building here, which is really quite encouraging. We're planning right now with some of the other EMVCo partners to look at international expansion. The plans are getting ready. Just to mention three countries that are slated for next year, ABC, Australia; you see Canada; here you see Brazil. So, some massive countries on the docket for next year. So, that's moving ahead. Central Bank Digital Currencies, big topic. Particularly in the light of COVID, you see a lot of governments that have even increased interest in modernizing their payment stack. They're looking at various tools of how to do that. Before the crisis, there was a whole range of governments looking at Central Bank Digital Currencies. And I think, with the crisis, more are even considering that as a tool. We're engaged with a very significant number of governments around the world, all regions, major regions around the world in terms of a dialogue on what is the best answer to what a government is trying to do. If you look at some of the more prominent examples that are out there, if you look at Sweden, the Riksbank, there is a thought behind the Central Bank Digital Currencies approach to deal with a world where there is no cash left. In the Bahamas, they're looking at the cost of cash. In South Africa, they're looking at financial inclusion. So, there's a whole range of different motivations. And we're trying to work with those governments to understand what those motivations might be. And Central Bank Digital Currencies is the best answer possibly. In some other instances, it might be real-time payments or it might be something else that we haven't even thought about. So, that's the first part of the dialogue. We have come to the conclusion that the construct of a central bank digital currency is an important aspect. This is in currency. [Ph] So, the Central Bank as in mining the currency is ensuring the resilience of the infrastructure. It's critical, while the private sector has a really important role to play in terms of -- has a really important role to play in terms of innovation on top of that infrastructure. You think smart contracts, you think all sorts of solutions that make the life of consumers and businesses easier. Now, why are we a relevant partner in all of this? How does this affect all of us? First of all, we have invested for years in cryptocurrency assets. We are the leading payment player when it comes to patents around crypto. So, that is -- that puts us in a good position. We have a long track record in consulting with governments. If you look at some of the more prominent examples, we are having a seat at the table to see where this goes. I'll give you one particularly important aspect of intellectual property that matters here. Once you have a Central Bank Digital Currency, it's going to make a difference to the consumer as to how you actually spend it? So, the link into an acceptance network is critical. So, we hold some patents in that space that link these transactions right back into our network where it can be used. And this is how we can bring value and it brings valueto us. So, Ramsey, a big topic. We're supportive whatever it makes sense and we're engaging governments around the world.
Michael Miebach: Well, I do have comments because it's not one call, that is a very special call here. And I'll tell you why. First of all, thanks for your questions. And before I hand it back to Ajay, I do want to acknowledge that Ajay will be taking on his new role as the Executive Chairman at the start of the next year. So, it will actually be his last earnings call as CEO. So, I want to thank Ajay for his tremendous leadership all throughout. He's making gestures right now. You should see him. I know he has built close relationships with many of you, and I look forward to doing exact and continue to provide you straightforward information about Mastercard, about our business and what we do. On a personal note to you, Ajay, I'd like to thank you for all your help during the transition period, and I look forward to continuing to work with you in our new roles. Ajay, over to you.
