Chris McWilton: Thank you, Ajay. A little déjà vu. It's been awhile since I've been on an earnings call but good to be with you on the phone today.
Chris McWilton: Sure, Sanjay. What the issuers are thinking about with the place and the marks would be adding a functionality of PIN debit on the back is to do a number of things and I mentioned these in my remarks. One is there's operational complexity with maintaining multiple PIN debit functionality. You have to maintain, we call them, pipes or communication lines into the different networks, so there's some added complexity to that. The other thing they're thinking about is just the fact that having multiple marks on the cards does feed some additional routing ability to the merchants. So in addition to being able for the merchant to route between signature and PIN, they now have the ability to route with multiple marks on the card between signature and perhaps one or more PIN marks. So there comes with that a level of uncertainty and a level of preferences given to the merchant in their routing consideration. So they're thinking through that. Obviously, they're also thinking through, in addition to products they're thinking through how they price for the different services that the deposit holders have with their institutions, whether that's annual fees for checking accounts, whether it's fees for the debit cards themselves reducing perhaps the cost base of their products by perhaps limiting their usage to just the United States. Some of them are considering limiting the amount that can actually go on a debit card, limiting the transaction amount, et cetera. And of course, they're looking at credit again as write-off rates start to moderate as we come to the economic cycle. Credit again is beginning to look a little bit more attractive as a revenue replacement.
Chris McWilton: We're limiting our discussions to issuer contracts just to compliant specifically with the Durbin regulations. So in situations where we have exclusivity provisions, which is fairly limited on our debit card base or the computation of, or the incentives that go into the computation of the netzero calculation, which I'm sure some of you are quite familiar with, make them into play. So we would have to discuss with our issuers changes in terms and conditions around that. But as we said before, we do not have material average change clauses in our contracts, and we believe that the value we provide of our debit network is consistent with the pricing we have in place today. So we think we're in pretty good shape from a pricing pressure standpoint with those little debit contracts with the exception of having to work through the netzero calculations. And for an update on litigation, I'm going to defer to Barbara because that's not my area of expertise.
Chris McWilton: Tien-Tsin, it's Chris. At this point in time, we don't see a need to match it. As I said in my comments, we're going to be very thoughtful and very surgical in how we approach the opportunities in PIN and signature debit as it unfolds under Durbin. As I mentioned, there's a lot of moving parts that need to be sorted through and to put in place a sort of a blanket across the board. Network participation fee, I think, suboptimizes our economics when it comes to grabbing some of this opportunity. So we are going to be looking perhaps at specific acquiring relationships. We're going to be looking at certain verticals of merchants and certain categories of merchants that we believe will provide the best market share increase for the best economics. I mean our objective is not to go out there and buy every PIN transaction that exist in the U.S. today, to do it in a very thoughtful way with more precise economic tactics than a network participation fee.
Chris McWilton: Yes. I think I mentioned in my comments that the PIN debit economics are very thin, pre-Durbin. I think in terms of a couple of cents of transaction, that's sort of a zip code size of revenue yield off these transactions. So you start taking that pre-Durbin and then you start thinking about how much do we pay large merchants to route, how should we pay acquirers to route, and how much do we pay issuers to position ourselves in an optimal space with their routing configuration on the back of their card. It doesn't leave a lot of money left over. So because of that, we're not going at this with a blanket approach to pricing. We, as I mentioned earlier, I think Tien-Tsin asked the question, much more surgical, much more precise in terms of where we think we can play in this space. You have to remember that PIN debit transactions are very inexpensive to start with. They're single message transactions. There are a multitude of PIN networks out there in addition to MasterCard and our big competitor. There are a number of regional PIN networks out there which makes it very competitive. There's a lot of capacity on PIN networks today. So the volume increase that we will see or anybody will see with PIN debit changes will far exceed the revenue implications of that going forward. That's just the way it is and that's why I've said, we are not in the game to go out and buy every PIN transaction we can. We're going to do this in a way that optimizes our economics.
Chris McWilton: No. We absolutely want this business but we want in a thoughtful way, want in a way that makes economic sense to us. But we have a great network, we have global acceptance. We'd like to see transactions across our network. It gives us information capability that we otherwise wouldn't have. But we're not going to do it in a way that just doesn't make economic sense.
Chris McWilton: And with respect to the Fed reviewing interchange caps, our indication is it could be every 2 years, or thereabouts. So that's the time horizon you should be thinking through.
Chris McWilton: With respect to allowing bill pay on the card, that's really the issuers' decision, what they allow the functionality of the card, what are these allowed to do, whether ATM withdrawal, bill pay, direct access to DD&A accounts, whatever the case might be or to fund it. So it's not whether we allow it or not allow it, it's whether once the issuer decided to provide that functionality, whether it qualifies or regulated or unregulated rates. The Walmart program, these were general-purpose reloadable cards, put into the stores at their new financial centers, which you'll see some press around to enable their customers to avail themselves to prepay functionality. And as you know, all their associates in the United States received their payroll on a prepaid card, if they did not have a bank account. So we've had some good traction with that major retailer in the prepaid space.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Rod, it's Martina. At this point in time, we just have a little bit of a better benefit when you combine both the debit deconversions, the 2 portfolios that we had actually lost in the United States as well as the add-on of the several portfolios that we actually won. So there was a slight benefit and we are really expecting to turn the corner in the third quarter.
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, so first of all on your last question that was July of 2010, when actually U.S. GDV growth was negative. And with respect to your first question from the 2 percentage points of pricing, you had about 50 basis points in there which was really a lapping impact from the price actions that we took back in April of 2010. And then the remainder was really a lot of diversified small pricing actions all around the globe, so there's no one particular big impact from any particular action.
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, you have a number of them that were actually implemented in January of 2011 and a couple that we implemented in April of 2011. So you'll have, for the rest of the year until the first second quarter of next year, you'll have a bit of a benefit there.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Bruce, it's Martina. Really all of the factors that are impacting our growth, you have just quoted, so let me talk a little bit about it. The United States is a bit different than the rest of the world. So let me start with the rest of the world first. When you look at Asia Pacific and in Latin America, as Ajay has already said, there is a significant secular trend going on in terms of people using less and less cash and check in those countries where you have checks, a more electronic forms of payment.  In addition to that, all the work that our people are actually doing on the ground, in terms of winning business in helping financial institutions, as well as a number of other companies, as well as governments around the world to be converting really taking advantage of the secular opportunity that is benefiting really our growth. In Europe, you have some of the same going on. There obviously also market share gains impacting in there, but the Europeans are very interesting. You hear in the United States, you hear a lot of doom and gloom when when you go into Europe, you don't hear quite as much doom and gloom. In fact, when you talk to a lot of Europeans and it is August today, they will be all going on vacation still and they might be doing vacation in a little bit of a different way than they have been doing in the past but they're still will be going for 2 or 3 or 4 weeks at times on vacation.  So people will be still continuing to spend and because of the secular trend and because our product being readily available in the market, we will obviously benefit from that. United States is a little bit different. When you really look at the underlying growth rate, I already said in my remarks that gas prices, this contributes a couple of percentage points. I mean, when you just look at gas prices alone right there, they increase by a $1 per gallon from the year-ago quarter. So that has a significant impact on the volume growth. Transactions, by the way, haven't changed too much when you just look at the gas portion. In addition to that, you see a number of other commodities actually having increased price, okay. So look at food and what all goes into the food. Look at the energy prices, look at the gold prices that go into luxury product, for instance. So a number of the drivers are really impacted by what's going on from an inflation point of view. And then last, but not least, Ajay already told a story about we have 2 types of consumers in the United States. We have those people who have a job who feel that they will have that job for quite some while to come, who feel that they can go out and do the spending that they need to do and then on the other hand, you have the consumer who is not quite as well off, who is not able to do it like that. So I hope that gives you a little bit more of a clarification where we are.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jim, it's a relatively small portion, obviously, of overall volume. The only thing that we did see in the quarter ticking up and that's totally in keeping with the price change is, actually, is now from 7.5%, we usually said that the volume is gas as part of volume 7.5% is now a little bit over 9%. And then from a transaction point of view though, we're seeing that it doesn't change much. It's around just shy of 16%, 15.8% I think for the quarter.
Ajay Banga: Probably a not a good guy to give you the last part, as in high single-digit versus mid-single digit of the long-term because it's a little difficult to predict that level of activity today. But I would say this to you, the down payments, the increased payments on that card balances that you read about are comprised of 2 things. One part is actually if we take the gross numbers, is the level of write-off, there are number of banks in the United States that had to take over the last few years and that tends to decrease the total outstanding in their system by a fairly large amount. You've got to just keep that in mind we are looking to total number, otherwise you could mix up the write-offs with the actual change in consumer behavior. Then there's the actual numbers of what consumers are doing with higher spending. I mean, spending rate these days and the spending rate are very different from what they were 3 years ago. In fact, a year back, the U.S. savings rate were up to 6%, 7%. They went back down to 4.5%, 5% recently released numbers. Although I'd wait to make sure those are very accurate, sure that about 5%, 5.5% of consumer savings is what you're seeing.  So they're all that transfer into a secular changing in the behavior towards credit. I don't think you can jump to that conclusion yet. And the consumer, they're rebalancing their balance sheet are going through somewhat uncertain time, I think those that are unemployed for quite a while now, are not quite clear how they'll get back to employment, but I do believe that those who are employed have a lower fear of an impending unemployment event on the horizon for them. And so you've got 2 kinds of consumers even in that list. That is all that's put together would lead me to conclude that I wouldn't come to a set of conclusion that says that secular change in credit is happening. I just wouldn't get there yet. I think that with the advent of all these rules in debit, as somebody asked earlier, I think it's Rod, I think you will find banks trying to relook at their ability to generate revenue, given that their credit cycle has changed in tone for a number of the banks. And I think that itself will drive a new form of offers and promotions and willingness to take on risk with the banks over the next couple of years. Some of them, by the way, have already been doing that for the last year or so already. So it's a mixed bag. I would just tell you don't conclude that secular change is happening. That's too early.
Ajay Banga: And on the merchant litigation, there is nothing new compared to what we've written in our public disclosures. This stuff has been carrying on for years. There's a trial date scheduled for September 2012. They're all in mediation, which is a lot of fun as you can imagine. We've made substantial progress in negotiations with the individual merchant plaintiffs, about [indiscernible] -- we've got no such comment to make about the class merchants. And since the individual merchants represent less than 5% of the purchase volume of the class, I really don't know where this mediation will go right now, so it's still out there. All we have is the judgment settlement sharing agreement that we've already announced with you last earnings that I remember.
Ajay Banga: Hi, Craig. It's Ajay. I don't think that I've yet to -- that I can say that they are hastening any of those discussions. Europe tends to move at a glacial pace because of the complexity of the number of banks, the country rules and the EC rules. That's a fairly complex needle to thread your thread through. So you should not expect dramatic moves up and down. Having said that, the breakthrough we have in The Netherlands was very welcome and very helpful. In fact, our European processing volume that we now see was up this quarter over 100%. Whereas if you remember the last earnings call, I talked about over 40-odd percent. So in a sense that is an improvement in that number, it's caused largely by this Netherlands piece. There are lots of negotiations going on with a number of banks, but don't conclude it's because of any reason. This work has been going on for years.
Ajay Banga: Tien-Tsin, this is Ajay. When this regulation came out we've been working our way through different situations. The basis of everything we've looked at is that we have a lower market share and our position, therefore, is different. We don't need to defend as much as find ways to find the chinks in the place that we could build and capitalize on. And that's the reason we're looking at it rather than doing any blanket pricing or blanket efforts for acquirers or for merchants, large or small or for issuers large or small. We still think our benefit comes from being flexible deal-by-deal and thoughtful deal-by-deal because of where we stand, versus some of our large competitors, who, I think are doing things that are appropriate for their market position.
Ajay Banga: Don, we are still very much keen to make sure that not only do we benefit from the secular growth of spending on electronic payments and the move from cash to electronic payments and frankly the benefit of growing middle classes and global traveler region like Asia. We want to benefit from all that. But we also have a game to play, to pick up back some of the market share we'd like to have in Asia, compared to our competitors. So it's a mix of both things that are going on the ground and our results actually are benefiting from both substantially in Asia.  Now CUP. CUP is a very interesting circumstance. CUP as you know, domestically in China has a State-mandated position that is very calendar rules and construct. And that's a play that global companies like us cannot play in the domestic processing business. So what we are focused on, on the other hand, is the increasing capability of affluent and middle class Chinese to be spending money outside of China, and of course, more inward travel into China of Mastercard holders like ourselves and that's where our entire arrangement with CUP is constructed. It's constructed on improving MasterCard acceptance in China for people like you and me. It's constructed on improving CUP acceptance outside of China both physically and e-commerce space and but in return for revenue in both these examples. So we make some money by facilitating that acceptance. They make some money by facilitating our acceptance but at all cross-border. Domestically as of now, it's still a very close marketplace that's something that I have no idea when it'll change. I don't know what I could tell you about that portion. I'm just focused on the nondomestic portion of our relationship with CUP.
Ajay Banga: This is Ajay. And let me tell you that I think part of the confusion that comes in this topic comes from the use of the word economics. When we say economics are thin, what we mean is that revenue economics of a PIN debit transaction, not the profitability economics of a PIN debit transaction. Not the operating margin economics of a PIN debit transaction. So when Chris is talking about revenue, it's crystal clear that it's PIN. That's why he says you may get more volume growth than revenue percentage growth. Yet as he said in his remarks and Martina just said, the cost of processing most transactions incrementally at the margin is very small for our company. So we still think there's enough business there to not only make decent operating margin from if he's in those deals, but also use that incremental data that we get, the incremental transactions that we see to add value to many other products we sell, whether it be inControl, whether it be sort of the express monitoring services or risk, so there's all things that we do with that data. So you've got to just understand that logic of revenue economics versus operating margin economics.
Ajay Banga: Thank you. Let me just leave you with a few closing thoughts. We have delivered really good results for the first half of 2011, due not only to the strength in our base business across all 5 of our regions, but also driven by volume and transactions from new deals. Chris spent some time talking about the U.S. Debit. In a date a year or so before this plays out across all the stakeholders, we remain confident we can increase our share in the U.S. Debit category.  We will maneuver to drive the maximum positive impact for MasterCard. Thinking about the business going forward, as I told you, there is economic uncertainty, particularly in the United States and Europe that we need to keep a close eye on. At this point, growth remains relatively strong in Latin America and Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa.  Through all this, we have not lost sight of the big picture. We remain focused on displacing the 85% of transactions across the globe that are conducted using cash and checks. That is our opportunity. We are executing on our growth strategy to invest in differentiated capabilities and win more than our fair share of this secular shift to electronic payments. With that, we're going to conclude the call. Thank you for your time today.
