Martina Hund-Mejean: Let me take this. First of all, I have to tell you that actually rebates and incentives came in spot on, on our expectation. When I look at the consensus out there, the consensus seems to be actually really spot on with what we expected. As you know, there are durations from time to time and from quarter to quarter really depend on when we sign new deals and renewed deals. In fact for this quarter, we had actually the lapping of a new deal. And we actually got a little benefit from that, and that was the reverse in the year ago quarter. So I’m not sure how to guide you other than to say what people have out there is pretty much spot on with what we expect.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well, we haven’t done it. So philosophically you can figure out where my philosophical stance is. The fact is that we’re going to see how this thing goes in the marketplace. It’s very early days. A lot depends on how issuers and acquirers respond as well as how merchants respond, a bit like Durbin. I don’t believe I have the need or the pressure to do anything differently other than look at it strategically. We have the ability to offer a similar thing. It’s a white label capability existed for a long time. We could do it. I just haven’t put on the tap. And so it is where it is today. And that’s what I am. Philosophically, I am unchanged from where I was before the Chase-Visa deal got announced.
Martina Hund-Mejean: And a large part of it is with us. GM is also there. I don’t think people in the case of GM anyway, I don’t think they spend more on that card base on how GM is doing. In the case of American Airlines, it’s without a doubt that a certain amount of American Advantage cards then goes towards the travel on the American Airlines flights, without a doubt. But it’s only a certain amount. And I think that this utilization of these cards has a little less to do with the parent company’s performance as compared to how the consumer who holds that card is feeling about their spending pattern and the like. That’s a bigger impact. And so the bigger issue remains about the US consumer and their spending pattern across segments. And that one I’m still not convinced that the second quarter will be much better than the first quarter. I think I use the word dodgy but that’s just a technical term to indicate that I’m not sure that US economic growth in the second quarter will be much better than the first. I do believe, however, that the second half of the year will be better. We’ve got a number of wins that we’re doing but the US credit business, our predominant business, is with a first set of issuers who themselves are working their way through with what has been a very complicated year for them, and a few years for them. I am reliant on them in many ways but I’m trying to build to comprehend wins and other wins. You know last quarter we told you about KeyBanc. We told you about the Intercontinental Hotel Group. We talked about Vaspro. We talked about a bunch of those, right, the Shell rewards card and the fuel rewards network and this quarter we talked about Bank of America. We’ve got a bunch of things brewing on the promotion credit side but this is not something that is changed overnight unless a big flip happens which I have no way to be sure. So that’s the nature of our business.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Moshe, on domestic assessment what the big issue was is between what the growth that we’re seeing in US versus the growth that we’re seeing actually outside of the United States. And that mix effect both from a POS point of view as well as how people are using their cards at ATM especially emerging markets, I did say that we will continue to see that going for the rest of the year. You will see that differential from a growth perspective between the fees and the volume for the rest of the year.
Martina Hund-Mejean: No. What we – no. What we actually said is that our process volume fees, the US process volume fees in the second quarter is actually higher at 6% and we said it’s mostly driven by debit and prepaid. And we did say that credit, the credit growth is very similar to what we saw in the first quarter.
Martina Hund-Mejean: That’s correct. And I also continue to believe that the second quarter in the US will be less than fairly predictable on CCE and consumer spending. That’s kind of what I’m trying to tell you. I’m actually not believing that you should read any more into it than that.
Martina Hund-Mejean: No. That’s not what I said but I think I might recall what you are referring to. So this was when Greg was asking about rebates and incentives and the level of that. And one of my comments is that we actually had the lapping of a new deal. So you might know that whenever we sign a deal, we might have an impact on our rebates and incentive line, and that can happen in any particular quarter and we had some impact in the first quarter of 2012 and that is basically lapping. And it actually was in the fourth quarter of 2011 and that is now lapping in the first quarter of 2013. But the deal is light. It’s just the way that the accounting works.Moshe Katri – Cowen & Company: Okay. Great. Just as a follow-up, can you talk a bit about what you’re doing in credit in terms of trying to gain share in the market? Maybe talk about what you’re seeing in the US market versus overseas.
Martina Hund-Mejean: I think as we have said that it really depends on where the revenue growth comes in for the rest of the year and what we might be doing from an investment point of view where the margin is going to come out for the year. But at this point in time the visibility that we have we do believe that there will be a small margin expansion. But just to remind everybody we have really a number of levers in terms of EPS growth. One is what’s happening on the revenue and on the expense side. Two, is what’s happening on our tax rate. Everybody knows that we’re working at that. And three, was we’re doing from a share repurchase point of view. So we are looking at all levels to be making sure that we are reducing our financials.
Ajay Banga: Craig, it’s actually – I’m not making money out of a fee from the wallet. That’s the big difference in our program. I don’t want to charge consumers for the privilege of having the wallet. There could be 150,000 wallets out there before we know what’s going on. I don’t want to be the one charging fees on it. I want to make money from it when they use their wallet. So if they use their card or they use services that the wallet will provide, that’s how we make our money. So I’m not doing it based on how many users pick up the wallet. It’s really – to me, what Alibaba is, is a partnership that expands the distribution footprint of MasterPass wallets across the 6 million merchants Alibaba has. And as the ability to make it available to as many as 800 million users. They are adding 300,000 users every month. There’s a whole new number there. But I don’t know how many of them will adopt it. We’ll see. But the merchant for 6 million that will be a big distribution footprint expansion. In addition, they’re going to use virtual card numbers for the merchants to buy goods across border as well as within China, which has been a big problem for them to be able to do thus far on e-commerce. So I believe that’s going to help them honestly with the facility issue of that purchase. And then, of course, we’re going to work with Alibaba and so in helping them with fraud security and the like. So it’s got three components to it.
Ajay Banga: Yeah, Chris, on the US debit business I think about the numbers and what I said about April, you’re starting to see everything going more to normalized rates and to the market growth. Right? I mean we think from a volume, the US debit volume point of view, the market growth will be around the 6% to 8% for the foreseeable future. That is kind of what we are trending to. And something very similar you’re actually seeing from a transaction processing point of view. And you have one more quarter to round out and then you should really see us coming back to market.
Ajay Banga: I think you’re mixing up a couple things. Let me just help a little bit put into context. The liability shift is right now being discussed mostly with the ATM operators. That’s where the conversation is different from merchants. The objective of that was people who had EMV cards from other parts of the world, when they came to the US, which was the mag stripe environment, the level of fraud was much higher. Fraud still will move to where the security and protection is the weakest in the chain. EMV is clearly the higher security protocol than mag stripe. All we’re trying to do is ensure that card consumers who were traveling from other parts of the world when they come to the US do not have experiences that make them feel that their cards are not safe. A number of the operators and banks are actually quite comprehending of that. A number of them are spending the effort and energy to get some of their ATMs upgraded. In others what we’re try to do is to roll out a tool or fraud risk manager, which allows the ATM operator and the insurer and the acquirer at the other end of the game to look at the risks involved in an EMV card coming to a mag stripe ATM and that helps them to manage that risk. My expectation is not, just to make clear, that people are like a fountain, switch on April 19 when tens of thousands of ATMs switch. I never expected that. What I expect is that a roadmap that shows that in most places that tourists travel with the frequency of utilization of ATM will be maximum but they will get the right experience with an EMV enabled card. My expectation over a period of time most ATMs in the US will switch. I think it will take some time. Because it will be the right thing to do for all the right reasons. And I think it’s connected a lot of the launch of EMV issued cards as well in the US eventually. There will be a timeframe all come together. Starting with ATMs. It will move to the issuance of cards, which may take two to three years to play out in its full form, and I understand that. But all we are trying to do here is protect consumers who travel as well as ensure that banks overseas do not get unnecessary thought experiences because this market has the lowest ability to provide security protection based on mag stripe versus EMV. That’s what we’re trying to do.
Ajay Banga: I think we’ve had a very productive dialogue with a number of merchants and banks and ATM providers. And all big changes like this – this is a very big change. In all big changes like this you will have people pulling in different directions. Our job is to try and make them get the incentive to go and feel the importance of going to the right level of security protocol. That’s all we’re trying to do.
Ajay Banga: Accurate. Just absolutely accurate. Everything we said was what we said second half, we’d probably be a little better than the first half. That’s kind of coming to where we part where we are right on where we expected in the first quarter. I continue to believe that the second quarter, the US economic growth will be somewhat less than what people might be hoping for. I think that there’s a lot of mixed sort of targets in the US between payroll taxes and all the moving parts there. Oh the housing looks like it’s better but if you look at spending pulse and if you look within spending pulse, it’s really interesting why earlier categories of everything that had to do with housing was going positive for the previous four quarters. In the first quarter, out of the two categories to do with housing, one went slightly negative, one remained positive. That’s the first time in five quarters I saw that. But I expected some of that given that I think the first half will move in and out a little. So no change in how I feel about where the economy is in the US, in Asia, in Latin America and in Europe. No change at all.
Ajay Banga: Yeah, so, Sanjay, that is a very good question. And really a couple of things going on. One is what I said is when you look at the mix of the growth of the business in the United States, it comes at higher revenue yields versus the growth outside of the United States which does come at times with lower revenue yields especially in some of the emerging markets. That’s really contributing to that kind of differential. Now you have to understand, domestic assessments are only one set of fees that we are actually charging in the market. You really have to think about at very comprehensively and then those countries that we actually processing we obviously also get the benefit of the processing fee. So that’s one explanation. The other explanation is in terms of what’s happening from a cash utilization. So especially when you go in new emerging markets and people are getting their cards, they predominantly start to go to the ATM first until we are getting them used to actually going directly to POS. And the ATM fees that we typically get are lower than what you’re getting at the POS. So those are kind of the broad changes. So in terms of going forward, I do believe – it depends on the mix. It depends on how the US grows versus how other markets are growing. But our current view has that this kind of difference in terms of growth of the domestic assessment fees versus the volume, will persist for the rest of the year.
Ajay Banga: So I don’t know what the latest news is. They were supposed to be deciding. It’s been a couple of days. I guess they’re still thinking about it. I don’t know. Maybe you guys know, and have talked to Visa today. My perspective is whether they go one way or the other. I think we’ve got be, as a company, capable of handling both. Let me put it for you this way, if they exercise the put option, they’re going have to go through two or three things. One is integrating technology, people, systems, cultures. From our own experience of doing that with MasterCard Europe and before that, with Europe pay, the European – we are working that technology, that association culture, merging that with a different culture. It’s a reasonably preoccupying time. The second part is that we need to innovate, you need focus, you need time, you need attention, you need management energy. If we’re going to divert it to integrations, it makes it a little more difficult. So I think that in the short to medium term; the reason we have to do all those things, they are the right things to do by the way, if you’re integrating something but it would provide us with our own space and opportunity along with the fact that a number of the Visa-issuing banks, who may be waiting for the put option to be able to get some benefit one time, they may well be in play after that once they’ve booked that relatively large benefit. On the other hand if they don’t do it, the last carrier is the way it is today and we think we’re doing pretty well in Europe and growing market share and growing our business at the cost of cash and the cost of our competitors. So life will continue in that form. I kind of think about our company as responding with focus in our strategy. Either which way. Just keep plugging away at what they’re doing in Europe. We’re doing well. We want to keep doing well.
Ajay Banga: So two things. The stage digital wallet operator fee comes in later. But it’s a relative minimum number for a company of our size and scope. So in fact a lot of the noise that is made around how that fee was put in and why it was put in, focus on the economic impact to us and the wallet operators. I think that is completely the wrong noise. It is more about the principals of creating the right rules and the right operating methodology to allow us to operate with stage digital wallet operators. In any case, that number is in the plan and its minimum, so who cares, that’s one number. The real issue here is the first question, which is about payroll taxes. I don’t have a way, just as nobody else has, for connecting payroll taxes directly to spending impact by segment or type. But I can watch different kinds of retail stores, where people who are more likely to be impacted by small movements in their take home pay, shopping and I could see that they were impacted by the payroll taxes. They didn’t get impacted in the first time around. It’s almost like they didn’t register how much the impact would be. By the time February came around, boy they felt it. To give you an example, spending pulse, x auto, January retail sales x auto, were actually pretty good. They were back to good. Meaning in this environment, three-something percent. You come to February, 0.8%. So it’s shows that that came right in their face. Whether it was only payroll taxes, whether that was other issues as well. I have no individual way of segregating those impacts but I’m kind of putting them all together and then putting together anecdotal evidence from different types of stores and different types of merchants and retailers whom I’m in contact with and giving that back to you.
Ajay Banga: No. I don’t know, many, many years is what I said. What I said was that China UnionPay has expansion plans around the world. They have been trying to expand for a number of years. They mostly try and first start doing acceptance deals so that the Chinese users can get to use a China UnionPay card as when they travel as compared to the co-branded card with them is where our strongest partnership is and we’re kind of the ones that have been doing all the deals with them for the last two or three years. If that picks up momentum it impacts the growth rate of our cross border business out of China. But I haven’t seen great differences there yet. I’ve seen acceptance grow and improve but China is growing at such a great rate on its expansion that I think that increment gets hidden in the wash. As far as their issuing prepaid cards as far as the United States is concerned, what they’re doing is issuing a prepaid card at bank call which has to be then distributed to other US banks because Bancorp doesn’t really have a rush network and other US banks have to agree to distribute to bank official prepaid travel cards to those people who want to buy it from here before they go to China. I don’t know. We’ll see. We’ll see how that goes. But at the end of the day there’s a large business opportunity in prepaid. I don’t think this changes anything very much. I think China UnionPay will keep attempting to grow its self-standing business as I would in their shoes while trying to keep working the partnership with us, which is what we’re doing. In the meantime the judgment has happened. China has sent that judgment. I’m expecting in a few months that we will get clarity on the meaning of that acceptance. When we get clarity on that, we’ll figure out how to work our partnership with CUP. I met them in China last month. I met them in New York a couple days ago. We have got a great partnership and I’m still very happy with what we’re doing with them.
Ajay Banga: Just one thing I want to make sure I indicated on. You said something about the leap year affect impacting us in the second quarter of the year.
Ajay Banga: Until you could see that a little bit of volume increase is happening in Q2. Prepaid and debit have picked up already by April 28 and then Martina is trying to indicate that she thinks it’ll settle to a certain number over the course of the quarter. It’s in credit that we at least have not yet seen a pickup in the second quarter versus the first quarter. That’s what our numbers currently are telling us.
Ajay Banga: I didn’t say that, Rod. I just said I haven’t changed my opinion from where I was earlier. Which is that we are where we are. We do not have that license today. I’m watching what’s going on with Visa and Chase. If merchants’ issuers and acquirers respond in a way that would put me in a situation where I may need to do something which is thoughtful, I will. But I’m reluctant to just jump to a conclusion that I’m against before anything until I watch what they do. I don’t feel the pressure driving against before right now.
Ajay Banga: So many, many things there. One is – I look at anything. If clients talk to me, I’ll think about it. I don’t know what I’d conclude because it would depend on what it does for our brand and our company, as well as for that client and for the other clients whom I have relationships with. It’s going to be a very complex Rubik’s Cube to think our way through. So I don’t know the answer to that yet. The second thing is I don’t know exactly what’s inside the Visa-Chase deal. I may not do it exactly like them. If I do something, it may be done differently. So this is all speculation. I have no clue. I know this, that just like in Durbin, I will watch this very carefully and if I feel the need to make some moves to be able to ensure that the banks will partner with me on my brand, don’t suffer in the marketplace, I will. But I’m not going to jump to a conclusion right now that I need to do something either similar or a little different or nuanced differently. I don’t know yet. I just don’t.
Ajay Banga: Well, we have a certain amount of business with Chase. As you know, Chase was a predominantly Visa bank even earlier. But we have a good relationship with them. We still got business with them. In fact, the recent Intercontinental Hotel co-brand that I talked about with you last quarter is actually with Chase, which was signed and done towards the announcement of this deal. So I don’t know. My approach is to keep building that relationship with them between businesses on prepaid cards. We’re doing businesses on commercial cards. We’re doing business with them on co-brands, and we have some non-co-brand but simple credit card kind of products with them. My sense is that what they’ve done with Visa is to allow them to certainly protect the business they have with them. I think they’re still open to doing some business with us and we’re pursuing that relationship. So I don’t know where that will go. I have no idea.
Ajay Banga: Well, everything depends on how acquirers, issuers and merchants respond to all these deals. It’s like in Durbin. All three players had different responses to the way Durbin played out. I’m just making sure I’m keeping an eye on all the three players and how they respond. Does the model make economic sense? I have no idea. You go and ask Visa because I don’t know what’s inside.
Ajay Banga: Overseas is the same business. They’re out there winning deals. A number of the things I talked to you about MedBank as an example in South Africa. It’s both credit and debit and commercial credit and so on. It’s in the US that we’ve got a situation which we’ve talked about, which is our consumer credit share is not where we like it to be. So it’s not something that will change in a hurry unless some very big portfolio switches over, for which I have no ability to decide yes or no. That depends on how you negotiate it. Typically, large portfolio flips are relatively long selling cycles. What I am focused on, however, is all the business comes around that. So co-brands, which is what I was telling you about. In the last quarter, I gave you a number of examples. Other opportunities with new launches. I’ve given you the example of Bank of America this quarter and a ton of things on the commercial credit space where we’re doing things with Citibank, Bank of America and with others in a number of industries. That’s what we’ve been up to. I think our consumer credit share business will not change in a hurry. It will change over a period of time. But we’ve got all the right building blocks and we are out there using both our ability to bring in control, priceless cities and a number of other assets, advisors, to play while also looking at our ability to bring volume to the co-brand partner. So those are the kind of things we’re up to.
Ajay Banga: Second question, first – I think you’re onto a good topic which is that going forward, people like us, also building revenue streams from other places other than just the traditional clearing authorization and settlement function that in some ways has been certain proportion of our revenue. I think you’ve heard me talk openly about diversifying our business from the day I joined. The reason is that I believe what we have in the network is the asset of connecting billions of consumers with millions of merchants with tens of thousands of banks in 200 countries with all the local legal regs built in. That’s a great asset. What we need to do is to able to leverage that asset in many ways. One of the reasons why I’m investing in loyalty and rewards, why I’m investing in things I can control, why we’ve got into prepaid program management, why we are doing those things and the investment putting into data and information services and the advisors business is all about making sure that we build our company not just based on converting cash but also imbedding ourselves better with merchants with issuers, with acquirers, with governments and consumers to these value added services that you can bring by using what you do well which is the network and the data warehouse. And the processing. And that’s what I’ve been doing from the beginning. And so nothing’s changed in that way. I’m sort of focused on that still and that’s where the investments are going as well. Yes, we’re investing in credit and in debit and in prepaid and commercial. But we are also investing in new channels like mobile and e-commerce and we’re also investing in the diversification. That’s the growth of a diversified strategy that I’ve been laying out for MasterCard for a while.
Ajay Banga: So March clearly was a month that got impacted by the unusual weather in terms of spending. So that I think does happen periodically. I tend not to give it more credence because eventually it kind of evens out over time. So I tend to worry about it in the context of a month but not in the context of a longer period of time. I look at the basic franchise and what it’s doing as the real context I think in. I think the emerging markets question, I still believe that there’s enormous opportunity to grow our kind of business in the emerging markets. You take the South Africa story. We were a smaller market share player there three years ago, but through consistent wins and now the latest one at Merit bank when you finish implementing that bank, we’re in a market where there’s still a great deal of cash. And yet the economy is clearly the most powerful economy in Africa, then I feel that we would end up being a market leader there. That’s a pretty big opportunity. Because not only would we have the market leader in terms of cards issued. We can keep focusing on the secular change of cash through electronic as well. Hence the focus on the social security payments in South Africa where now 10 million card owners have come out where there were none earlier, their social security payments are now going into their card. Now as Martina said, a number of them take that card and go to an ATM or a cash point and take out cash. That creates a lower revenue yield than going to the point-of-sale. The next step in all these cases is to find a way to encourage them to go to the point-of-sale rather than taking out cash. So all these things aren’t the emerging markets are a step-by-step building process. You’ve got to build assurance. You’ve got to build the habit of using a card. You’ve got to build acceptance and you’ve got to build government support and all of that together. So we are systemically going about it in a number of countries. And I just gave you the South Africa example because it’s a live example from this quarter and I was there in January when I signed the bank deal, which we now publicly announced. And so I feel still that the emerging markets are still a great opportunity to where this company is going and South Africa is just one example. China being another. India being a third. Parts of Southeast Asia. Parts of Southeast Asia, Latin America. There’s a lot going on. There’s all the emerging markets in Eastern Europe where we’re making really good headway. I think it’s not just in the payments business but to Julio’s earlier question, it’s also in diversifying our revenues through alternative ways whether it be data and analytics or advisors or in control, or different value added services that imbed us better in that marketplace and I’m trying to do all those things as we are growing our future over the next few years.
Ajay Banga: Thank you for all your questions and I want to leave you with a few closing thoughts. We’re going to continue to work through some of these challenging economic conditions that we’ve been talking about for a while. I think we’re off to a good start in 2013. With this last quarter’s performance in the past quarter was absolutely in line with how we thought we would end up. The slower growth in consumer spending and confidence in the second half 2012 has continued into 2013. We also saw the expansion of electronic forms of payment around the world. So we’re going to keep a careful eye on expenses. We’re going to keep investing in those initiatives that will set up our company for future growth for that diversification as well as that I just talked about. We remain confident in our three-year performance objectives through 2015. As we said last quarter, we expect performance in the early part of that period will probably be slightly below the range with growth picking up as the global economy returns to a more stable environment. There are signs that that stability will come. All in all, our focus is clear, grow our share and drive the conversion of cash through technology, through partnerships, around the world, while continually developing products and services that imbed us with banks, with merchants, with governments and consumers. So thank you for your participation. Thank you for your support. I appreciate it.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks, just following up on the question about the domestic assessments revenue. If you look at what you said about the first quarter and then the month of April, it seems like that mix shift is kind of continuing if kind of US volumes accelerated but credit was kind of flat with the first quarter. I guess I mean, is that a fair way to think about it that that is – that that’s what’s actually going on that that further shift into debit if credit is kind of flat? And again that would seem to be somewhat of a weakening because obviously the leap year effect doesn’t hurt you through the second quarter.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse: Right. No. What I said, Ajay, was that you said that the US credit was kind of flat with the performance in the first quarter.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse: Okay. I guess I would have thought that some of the stuff in terms of tax refunds and the like would have provided a little bit of a tailwind into Q2.
