Ajaypal S. Banga: Sanjay, let's first discuss the top line for a second. I have tried to lay out that I believe what drives our top line are those 3 concentric circles, the outermost one being the growth of personal consumption expenditure. And a lot of my commentary in the beginning was around how I'm not sure where that will go, maybe not at the 5% or 6% that we have been consistently getting over the last few years. Although I don't know for a fact, I'm just assuming that things look a little dodgier on that front than they did a little while ago. The other 2 concentric cycle circles, one is what percentage of that PCE goes into electronic transactions versus cash. And currently, around 80-something-percent goes into cash, and I'm still very focused on growing the electronic share in that, hence, all the effort on government programs, prepaid programs, Social Security, social benefits, all that that you see, as well as small ticket payments, mobile payments. All that comes from trying to change the ratio in that space. And the last concentric circle is our share in the 13%. I think, if you do the math on the way our transactions are growing, not just because of U.S. debit, you will find that we're making some progress there as well, although we've always got more work to do in that space. So I kind of think of those 3 levers. I think of the outermost concentric circle in revenue being less than easy to predict today and I'm focused on the next 2. That's the top line. Now let's talk the other way, expenses. I think what you'll find us doing is to ensure that we meet our guidance of at least 50% of that operating margin we've talked about. But fortunately, over the last 6 months, we've been doing better than that. If we find that there are opportunities for us to put money back into strategic initiatives that feed our revenue growth in 1 of those 2 opportunities, either to grow electronification or to grow our share within the electronification, we will keep doing that, because that's what we're trying to do to keep our franchise growing through all these economic volatility that you see today. Now within that, if I had a choice, the easiest lever of control is A&M. I've talked about that in the past. G&A tends to be something I want to invest in consistently, I can't start and stop the strategic initiative without losing a lot of the momentum, but A&M, I can kind of work with. And so that's what Martina was trying to indicate to you in her commentary. But we are very focused on that 2-year goal of 12 of 14 percentage points of revenue growth CAGR on a constant currency basis. We're very focused on the minimum 50% operating margin and that 20% EPS growth, also on a constant currency basis. That's what our focus is. And I'm going to play with every element in the P&L in the meantime to ensure we deliver on that focus and navigate our way through this system and keep growing our share.
Ajaypal S. Banga: And Brian, it's Ajay. You should remember that that 5 to 6 percentage points of PC in growth which Martina was calculating into the 9% to 11% that you get to by adding that to the secular growth, we don't know, as of today, what that 5% or 6% will be. So we're trying to give you normalized thinking, and frankly, that's how we approach our business in those concentric circles. But we don't know what that 5% to 6% will be. If you ask me today, it feels lower, but 2 months later, we might have a different opinion, depending on how the world economies are performing. Right now, given all we're seeing in consumer spending, it feels lower than the 5% to 6%. I just don't know yet.
Ajaypal S. Banga: We don't have any update on any timing from them. We're kind of, I told you, actively engaged in discussions with them. We have given them a point of view. We are in constant dialogue with them. We don't have any update with them yet.
Ajaypal S. Banga: And just to make sure you get the picture around -- inside your question was aspects of other people doing things with the way they're using rebates and incentives across merchants versus issuers. We haven't changed our strategy, which is get ourselves onto the back of those debit cards, get ourselves enabled for them to be used, watch how that goes, do not try and apply rebates and incentives in a broad way. I'm not in the position of protecting a large pre-regulatory change market share. I'm in the business of growing market share in this opportunity, and use them surgically and sensibly. And nothing's changed in that picture. We are exactly where we were in that strategic thinking. Nothing's changed.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So I kind of, when I approach this -- I think we had this conversation with the investor and analyst community sometime back as well, and I was talking about how I would be reluctant to agree to long-term changes in the methodology by which interchange is computed and used. We did agree, as you know, one portion of this is a short-term change. But the surcharge angle, frankly, for a long time in MasterCard, surcharging has been going on in some parts of the world, partly promoted by legal changes in those countries. Discounting for cash has been going on for a long time and we have never enforced anything differently from that. I still share the belief that all these kinds of things create friction for a consumer, for a merchant, for everybody in the electronification of payments. And so, when I talked about that second concentric circle of secular change, these things create friction. Frictions aren't good for increasing the speed of that secular change. Yet, the merchants were very clear, the ones who represented [ph] us and negotiated with us, that without that, there was no conversation. So we came to the point where it's either to agree to part of that -- from my perspective. This is only mine, by the way, this is not the other parties in the negotiation. I'm not trying to speak on behalf of the banks. I'm not trying to speak on behalf of Visa. This is me, MasterCard. We believe the best thing to do was looking at our experience of surcharging in other markets where, frankly, it didn't really lead to a great deal of actual surcharges being placed other than in a couple of kinds of areas where cash isn't quite able to compete. So for example, online airline bookings and the like. And even there, in Australia, the Reserve Bank of Australia stepped in recently and created caps for the level of that surcharging realizing that this was not quite what they wanted to have happened, I'm assuming, which is why they stepped in. So when I think about that here, in this agreement, we have also managed to get in some of those protections, the cap and what they could charge, the declaration to the consumer with clarity, both on the receipt and in the store, the level playing field concept that we think we've got in there. All these were attempted as a way to sort of try and box the issue while moving forward. So the bigger picture of tackling the 80-something percentage of transactions that are still in cash can keep on being pursued, instead of all our thoughts being tied up in the passion behind this issue. That's kind of how I approached it, Tien-Tsin. And so it is friction. I don't like the friction but I'm trying to minimize it with as much lubricant as I can put in the system.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Two, 3 years back, Julio -- if you looked at our position in the United States market 2, 3 years ago, in all the different product categories, we were not in the best position in terms of either debit, signature of payments. We were not doing as well as we wanted to in commercial cards. We were doing reasonably well in prepaid, although I think we could have accelerated that momentum. And we were not doing as well as we wanted to in consumer credit because we're reliant on a portfolio of banks that in that mix has been going through some degree of difficulties over the financial crisis. What I've tried to do over these years is to take each of those 4 product categories and change our position in the market. In prepaid, with all that we've done with these governments, as well as our relationships with a number of the prepaid program managers and other issuers, I think we have made real progress. From the Social Security Administration of the U.S., to these state-level programs, all those, we kind of feel good about. In debit, we've actually done reasonably well over the last one year including the wins before the regulatory change with SunTrust and Sovereign and all those pieces. In commercial, we actually feel pretty good. We are making real progress on large corporates and small businesses. It's in consumer credit that I still don't think I can tell you that I've made the breakthroughs. I have wins. I have wins with regional banks. I have wins with independent banks and credit unions. I have reconfirmations of my position in market share in some of the biggest banks. I'm winning little days along the side. I'm not losing anything contrary to what anybody else might say. I'm not losing anything. I'm gaining a little bit here or there, but it doesn't excite me. It doesn't satisfy me. There's work to be done in consumer credit. That's the finality I was trying to get across.
Ajaypal S. Banga: No, no, actually. Remember, in many ways, what we are doing with all these, that actually fit directly into what the EC wanted to have done when SEPA was created, which was to break down the monopolies of the domestic debit schemes and allow for cross-border intra-EU, as well as global players to come into play in that space so that you could increase competition, increase innovation and increase efficiency. For a long while, those conversations wandered off into a local domestic European scheme like money. That's still is getting talk about somewhere in the fringes. But for a long while, that's the only question you guys ask me. And I kept telling you, I don't know for sure whether that will also happen. All I know is it's a moving landscape. We have a terrific product with great efficiency, priced right. That's how we won the Netherlands. That's how we are winning business in different parts of Europe, including the Nordics data that Martina was talking about. I'm pretty confident that that still holds true. So that's about it, Rod.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Yes. I look -- I actually am doing all this with great partnership with Hikmet at Western Union. In fact, I think there are ways that Western Union and MasterCard, together, could offer an even stronger opportunity to a number of these money transfer opportunities through the phone systems. I've always believed that the phone companies, the operators as well as the hardware folks, can be an integral part of how this new method evolves, rather than an either/or. So I don't see the same kind of tensions. I actually see all of us bringing different capabilities and skills and strengths to the table. And if you can stitch those together, well, it actually works pretty well. And that's the kind of thing we've been doing for the past couple of years, whether it be with Google, whether it be with Telefonica, whether it be with a E.Tel and Zane [ph], or with Deutsche Telekom. We've kind of got issuers, telecom companies and us to work together in some ways to discover this whole mobile payment space. I think there's another set of partners, which is the future set of partners around vouchers, rewards, loyalty, e-receipts. All those will also add value to this whole mobile payment space and money transfer space. So I think what we do well is we build ecosystems. We make partners work together, that's our job. If I start doing an either/or, I would've forgotten our heritage of the company.
Ajaypal S. Banga: You've got to be kidding if I'm going to give you specific [ph] plans now. That's a good try, Moshe. I'm sorry, I can't answer that question, you know that. Just nothing that I can tell you that I will certainly produce and having all of that tomorrow morning. But we have worked very hard in the other areas and we are working very hard on this one. And we've got a constant drum rate of pipeline out there and we're at it. And don't take all this out of context. I was trying to provide that color to enable you to understand how I viewed our position in the U.S. market over the last few years. I viewed our position 2, 3 years ago, a bit like Chris McWilton laid out at one of our Investor Days, where we had -- frankly, we have lost share in debit, signature and payment. Our credit position was what it was because we were strong with certain banks that are mostly credit card issuers. We were not strong with some banks that are more debit and credit, as in a more holistic money-centered approach. We -- those banks, got sold out by -- bought by other banks that were traditional Visa banks. That didn't help our position. Our commercial position was not where I'd want it to be despite our very good strengths on the commercial product, from smart data as a tool to the fact that our acceptance is way beyond that of the largest players in commercial. And all we have to do is travel outside of the United States and feel that pain. And so in many ways, I felt we weren't taking full advantage of our capabilities in those spaces. And we were making progress in all of them. In that context, in my own personal scorecard, I don't think consumer credit has made as much progress as commercial prepaid and debit. That's the context in which I was speaking.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So let me just leave you with a few of those thoughts. We have -- as I've just been saying in the few questions and answers, I think we've made really solid progress across the globe in the first half of 2012. We feel very good about U.S. PIN debit in particular, even though we don't yet know how those volumes will all finally shake out, for all the reasons we have discussed in the past. Of course, those incremental PIN debit transactions came at a lower than average yields as Martina talked about, but with good profitability. As Martina also mentioned, we think that the second half of the year has got more difficult comparisons as the year progresses, as we lap our strong second half of last year. There is the potential for us to increase our level of investment, depending on how much room we have in our P&L versus the kind of commitments we have out there for our operating targets. That room could come from things such as stronger-than-expected top line growth or the potential lower tax rate that Martina has been talking about. There is no shortage of growth opportunities in this business. The key is to evaluate as many as we can and then act on the ones that provide the best potential for maximizing our long-term growth, and let everything leftover drop straight to the bottom line. That's what we are focused on. Overall, we're working as hard as we can to deliver another good year and meet those performance objectives despite all these continuing uncertain economic conditions. So with that, thank you for your time today, and thank you for your faith in our company.
Martina Hund-Mejean: The FX headwinds for volumes were really not different than what we had been calling out, right? I mean, we said when you look at domestic -- when you look at GDV, the GDV on a constant currency basis was about 15%. On a U.S. dollar basis, it's about 9%. So you have a 6 percentage point headwind on GDV. And when you look at credit versus debit, there is really not much difference on that.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, we really don't split new business wins out. You have to have an appreciation. Of course, you can't just get to the 13% without having new business wins but you're going to have to go back to how we build our model over the longer term. So basically, we are -- and I'm going back right to the concentric circles that Ajay has been just laying out. We're starting with personal consumption expenditure growth and that's typically, over longer period, 5% to 6% per year. This year, it's probably a little bit low, so that's lower. So that is impacting us. Then you have the secular trends. The secular trends on a per year basis can be anywhere between 4 to 6 percentage points. We haven't finished the year so I can't really give you yet where we are ending up in that 4 to 6 percentage points. Now when you add those 2 factors together, you get into the 9% to 11% growth rate. So in order to get to 13%, of course, you're going to have to have a couple of percentage points attributed by the new things that we are doing, and that could be new business wins, it could be expanding into other markets, it could be getting these kinds of government programs that Ajay has been laying out. There are a number of things in that number.
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, Darrin, absolutely not, there's no change in this. And you might recall that a year, or a couple of years ago, I laid out, actually, a split of our rebates and incentives between what is really driven from a volume perspective versus what is really driven from a new deal or a new deal signing. And we typically say, when you look at our total rebates and incentives over a whole year -- so you have to take a total year, don't just take a quarter -- about 70% of our rebates and incentives is driven really by volume and by the increased business that we are getting. 30% is typically driven by new deals or renew deals. And even in this quarter, and I don't expect for any part of this year, it will be -- there will be any difference whatsoever.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, I mean, what I really said that you should be expecting that A&M spend will be relatively flat versus 2011 on a constant currency basis. And that would tell you, because of the FX impacts, that it would be lower on an as-reported basis. And then also, I tried to give you a little bit more help on your model from a quarterly perspective. And really, from a quarterly modeling point of view, you should be really thinking about the same kind of rate of usage as in 2011. Now I also said, and Ajay had reemphasized, we are looking at our strategic investments, and that might entail moving things around from A&M to G&A. That is not included in these comments. We will make those decisions as we go along in the next couple of quarters. But this is what I see, this is the best that I'm seeing at this point.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Rod, just from a nearer-term perspective, to expand a little bit from SEPA, right? When you look, for instance, at the Nordics, we've been working on the Nordics in Europe for a considerable amount of time and had just announced a number of deals, right? Last year, the Swedbank deal, this year, we think that we have a follow-on on that with another bank. And so we are starting to really work out country by country to be getting these kind of wins and putting our cards into the market. So you can't just look at each individual SEPA country. You're going to have to think about the overall strategy.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay. So let me just talk a little bit about our philosophy and let me start a little bit in terms of how we think about capital allocation anyhow, right? Because first of all, we're looking at allocating capital to the business, right? That is our first-most focus. Secondly, we are looking to deploy capital from an, what we call, inorganic way, i.e., making acquisitions, investing in other businesses in order to further the goal that Ajay has laid out, to really drive our revenue growth, right? And then last but not least, if you have excess cash available, we're certainly very open to be returning that to shareholders. And at this point in time, our preferred method of returning it to shareholders is really through share repurchase programs. And as you've seen, we have been doing that very consistently in the market. In fact, I think we've been spending close to $1 billion just in 2012, in terms of repurchasing our shares. And the one thing that I just want to always be sure is that we do, that we pick shares up in an opportunistic manner over a certain time period. So you can read out from that that obviously, an opportunistic pick up of shares means that we're watching very closely where the share price is going. And then we move in and do things as we can. Now we can't do that always, okay? And I just want to caution that a little bit. Given that we are a publicly traded company, there are certain trading windows that are open for us where we can do that in a very active manner. However, when we get into what we call a blackout period, which is moving closer to a quarter end and an earnings release, we have to file things like the 10b5-1 plan. That means we have to predetermine what kind of trading activity we want to have on our stock in the market. And of course, we do formula-based kind of activity, so we try to mimic in these plans what we otherwise would be doing when we can go actively into the market everyday. I hope that gives you a little bit of background on how we think about it.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay, Jason, I can do that. First of all, from a pricing contribution, that was about 2 percentage points, okay? Both on the 9%, as well as on the 13% growth rates for revenues. And there's really no additional pricing in there. It all came out from what we had put in place last year, as well as in January of 2012. From a European, a little bit more clarification point of view, we're really seeing no slowdown from a debit point of view. All of the numbers that we're seeing are more on the credit side. And when I look at the underlying countries, there are really 2 countries that are still growing. They're still growing very nicely but the growth is a little bit less than what we had in the prior couple of quarters. And one is the U.K., and the other one is France.
