Michael Miebach: Harshita, let me start off with that. This is – so we read the same article. Clearly, it's early stages because we haven't seen the bill yet. So we are all speculating here, I think what might happen. So we'll engage. We'll try to find out more over the weeks and months to come. But if you just assume for a moment that the article would be complete, and this would actually happen a few things come to mind that are straightforward from our perspective.  First of all, we believe in competition, we believe in a level of competitive landscape and playing field and we’ve invested massive amounts in safety and security and we focus on providing consumer choice, different ways of pay, credit, debit, whatever it is. So that's been our strategy. So we are going to look at this proposal – proposed bill through that end.  So that's one – that's a starting point for us. Some of the questions that you touched on, some points here. What are practicalities, what are the technical aspects of this, how many providers are ready that have made the same kind of investments to really ensure that the consumer can rely on safety and protection and so forth. Those are open questions. We'll have to see what the regulation actually foresees.  Overall, the concept of interchange is a balancing factor and the ecosystem is one that has served the ecosystem including the consumers well in terms of rich propositions and all of that and we'll have to see what – becomes out of that. Those are a whole range of questions that we've talked about over years that need to be considered by all stakeholders. And we will spend the time and the effort to ensure that everybody is well informed about the puts and takes around this proposed bill.
Michael Miebach: I'd like to just add to that, I find travel is such a fascinating topic and certainly very central to our business. There has been a [Indiscernible] of pent-up demand like this is going to be a bubble and then it's all going to go back to where it was during the last two years. Why would anybody that has now has the chance to see their family and their friends again stop doing that in a year from now.  So I think that actually doesn't make any sense. So we believe exactly the point that Sachin just made, if there is a possibility people will continue to travel the way they have been before COVID. One other thing to add is, one thing is the underlying trend that we have built in our outlook on the data points that Sachin just talked about, but it's also to strengthen our position vis-a-vis that travel trend.  All the portfolios, we talked to you about American Airlines, about JetBlue, about Cathay Pacific, everything that we have won in the last two years is going to really come to bear to really make the most of this.
Michael Miebach: Right, Rayna. I think the last word, as you said, is instructive as we are not seeing it right now, generally resilient consumer spending for the time being and we talked about the modest improvement in cross-border and same - spending behaviors until the end of last year. Now you're taking us really a long time back in 2008 and 2009.  I think the first thing I would say is it's a very different scenario. A scenario that we're looking at externally, that I come to the company in a moment, externally is we are not having a crisis around unemployment. We're having high consumer spending levels. So we don't have an asset bubble that looks anything similar than what we've seen at that time.  So a different starting point. I would say it's a somewhat more benign starting point than we had at that time. Now the company also looks entirely different than it looked in 2008 and 2009. It's a much more diversified business. It's a highly diversified business. I think we were largely consumer credit debit oriented at the time.  We have a whole range of card-based spending from push payments into general payments for goods and services, opening up new verticals and so forth and then there is our progress into new flows. So that gives us resilience on underlying payments. It also – our reach of our business model and how many payment transactions we touch that allow us to build a set of service on it looks entirely different.  Our switching ratios at that time were much, much lower than they are today, which has led to a very successful services business, which we have seen in the last two years is actually quite resilient when you go into – through up and down cycles. And as we continue to build into the future to see whenever we might face a down cycle, are we more resilient with other activities around digital identity and open banking and so forth that go into a world of open banking and move even further before or after the payment transaction to give us more resilience.  So, better earnings quality, higher diversification and we've been tested. We've been tested over the last two years. I mean there was a down cycle and we needed to demonstrate agility and the speed and managing our expenses, make the right investment decisions. So we feel we're well positioned to navigate what's going to – whatever is going to come. Hopefully, it's positive.
Michael Miebach: Alright. Good. So, what we're seeing here is, first of all, on the backdrop, let's just pick up on the structural changes, again, that we have seen over the last two years. Clearly driven by social distancing measures are up a significant push into more digital engagement by consumers. They were sitting at home, so all that. It's a more digital world.  So here, services that helped make a more digital world safer and more easily understood. That's really the general thrust of what's driving the growth and the interest from our customers across established customer sets, as well as new ones earlier, I talked about travel watches. People come to us and say, hey, I want to use all of that data to get a better understanding of my business. So, taking it one-by-one, safety security, anything in the fraud space and in the authentication space has been a joy for us. You go further into cyber risk assessments. Our small business is safe.  Those many small businesses that have opened up in a more digital fashion now over the last two years and you go all the way into digital identity because in a more digital world, people find to have more passwords and nobody wants – really wants that. So digital identity is now a solution that's really taking hold. So that's that whole space.  And you saw us – actually doesn't stop at current types of payments. So the last thing I should add is our acquisition of CipherTrace and how we are going into the crypto space, making that safer as that is certainly something that captures consumers' interests, one space.  The second piece is what do you do with all of that data, retail and commerce, travel logic, I give you one example, many other customers are trying to understand how to make – run their business better using the payments data that is thrown off and we helped them with that. Our Dynamic Yield acquisition is one of them, where we help customers, retail and commerce customers engage their customers, their end customers in a more targeted fashion.  I imagine a landing page that now has personalized offers. In our case, always with strong consent from consumers and a focus on data privacy. So those are the two headlines. We do various other things and services from consulting into processing-related activities and so forth, but that's centered across.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Lisa. So let me start off on that. Where the consumer protection agency here in the U.S. and some other markets are going is really to ensure that there is the right kind of protections for consumers that goes all the way from responsible lending to safety, security and so forth.  We follow that. But if I look just in-house and see what we are doing, if I look at our data principles, what we have done around the Mastercard Installments program to ensure that the participating lenders go through a vetting process and follow responsible lending rules that we have set as part of our franchise, we feel well positioned.  I feel we are a good industry custodian to ensure that these responsible practices are being held around. Now is that also an opportunity for us in all of this? Absolutely. We have learned to partner with P2P systems in many countries around the world with safety and security solutions. The services I actually just talked about when we say, hey, you have a fraud issue, we get it.  Here's a set of answers that we have for you to partner and in other markets, we compete head-on because we simply believe we have the better solution and players not necessarily always want to partner with us. So it's a bit of a mix, give and take, but it's an interesting and dynamic field that we are very focused on.
Michael Miebach: Tien-Tsin, let me start off with the deal activity. The momentum that we have seen over the last two years throughout the pandemic, where we lean with our customers and say, hey, what do you need and these are tough times? I think we set ourselves up as a trusted partner and help to shape that deal pipeline that we currently see, which is very strong.  Deal pipeline is strong across all regions and we gave you a few examples today from – we haven't talked much about Canada lately. So these are strong wins. This is excellent. Some of the very significant wins we talked about over a year ago in Europe when you think about NatWest, Deutsche Bank, the multi-regional deal that we have with Santander, they are progressing according to plan.  The conversions are going on. I mentioned very specifically back to United States. The GAP conversion is actually done on those 10 million cards. So overall, we talked to you at the Investor Day in November last year that we see share growth across all of our carded products and we continue to feel very good about that.  So momentum, it's competitive out there, of course. But I think the mix of what we have in various payment solutions, as well as services sets us apart. We've also relooked at how we deploy our sales resources across the company with all the acquisitions that we have so that we can do the best possible work for our customers. So overall, strong momentum that I think will continue.
Michael Miebach: Alright, let me start, and then Sachin can chime in. So David, as a matter of fact is Europe is not homogenous. That's the first thing I would say. When you look at where we are on the arc of the secular shift, it's very different. So there is lots of opportunity across the board from further digitization. The opportunity to go beyond P2M and sets of flows is wide open in Europe.  The push of the European authorities to digitize beyond just in-store payments and online payments is significantly there. We are well-positioned with our tools in Europe, which is pushing on open banking, which is pushing on open on account-to-account, which is pushing bill pay solutions. So we have all of that in a hop. So we feel that there is significant opportunity. And as I said before, there is uncertainty on the European macroeconomic front. But on the other hand, macroeconomic GDP overall economy and our baskets are two different things, and we'll have to kind of see how that will play out. I can't really predict that. I am from there, so I have a sense, but I am not in the business of predictions.
Michael Miebach: Right. So open banking, let me start off more generally speaking. So clearly, a global trend, one that's to stay. It's happening in Brazil. It's happening in Australia, certainly was there in the United States and Europe. The way we approach it is, first of all, we have a relevant position in connectivity and then building out a bunch of use cases.  And the use cases that would get really to the heart of your question, you see very different types of kind of revenue models, value exchange models. First of all, on connectivity itself, you have per API call kind of logic. If you go into financial management solutions and it depends on who's our customer here, let's say it's a fintech that could again be by API.  But you could start to see as we go into lending, mortgage verification, asset verification, kind of use cases. Those are kind of – that's the broad range of currently what we're seeing no established model at this point in time. I mean, we are investing heavily Aiia, Finicity because we feel there is a tremendous opportunity.  This is – it's going to help to pull so many new customers into – consumers into the ecosystem, on the financial inclusion side, on the SME side and so forth. So, hard to answer very specifically right now where we are, but those are those kind of different kind of models and it's going to be multi-geography and it's going to be here around to stay.
Michael Miebach: Alright. Thank you. So much for that last question, exciting space. We are going to close the call now. We are at the top of the hour. Appreciate your time this morning. Do want to thank our 24,000 colleagues around the world and I want to thank all of you who have joined us today for your continued support for Mastercard. Talk to you in a quarter. Thank you so much.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Sanjay. So, what I shared was that we are thinking ahead in terms of cross-border travel seeing a modest improvement relative to 2019. And as you can see in our metrics, cross-border travel in Q2 was at a 118%. And in the first three weeks of July is at 126%. Without getting too specific as to what exactly we are kind of building in that, but that the point we've got is the following: we expect a modest improvement in travel when indexed back to 2019, and it's predicated on certain data points.  And the data points are, if you think about what's gone on in Asia Pacific, we've talked about how Asia Pacific from a cross-border travel standpoint has been lagging and has historically not come back over the last few years since COVID hit in the same way, say, as intra-Europe has come back. In fact, I shared with you the metrics as to where we stand from an inbound cross-border travel standpoint in Asia Pacific.  So there is a lot of room to grow there. We think that that opportunity exists. Markets in Asia Pacific, such as Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, even Japan, they've started to open up and actually have opened up fairly well. The one thing which we have always taken comfort in is that the fundamentals of cross-border travel and on cross-border in total remain very sound.  When people have the ability to travel, they have demonstrated their intent to travel. And I think we've got enough data points now over the last 18 months to suggest that when barriers towards travel are lifted, people get on the road again. And so if you think about that and you think about the context of what's going on in Asia and the potential there, we've got opportunity there. But even beyond Asia, there are several other corridors such as the U.S., UK and Canada, which still have not reached their historical growth levels. They are higher than their 2019 index levels from an inbound standpoint but there is still more room to grow. So we've kind of built all of that in our thoughts for the rest of the year.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Darrin, happy to take the second question first. I must say you were breaking up on the first part of your question, so we might ask you to just – kind of state that again. But on your second part of the question, what you are seeing in transaction processing growth rates relative to the growth in switch transactions is exactly like I said, the thee things kind of going on there, right?  The favorable mix piece, which I talked about, the higher FX-related revenues and then there is some elements of pricing. Look, I mean, the reality is we're operating in an environment in which you've seen a few things happen. One is the mix has shifted towards a more cross-border and you know we make cross-border fees both in the cross-border volume fees line, as well as in switch transactions.  So, sometimes that's kind of an overlooked element, but that's an important piece to keep in mind that we do make cross-border fees on the transaction processing line. And as the shift has gone towards more cross-border, that's helped us. Number two is, there is high levels of volatility in the foreign exchange markets.  We delivered some very important services when we do switching of transactions and when we do the settlement of those transactions. In a highly volatile FX environment, it's actually worked in our favor. And on pricing, the baseline is the following, which is at the end of the day, we continue to deliver value to the ecosystem. And as we put value out into the ecosystem, we price for that value.  And what you're seeing there is exactly that come through, which is, we are reflecting that in the nature of pricing. You'll see puts and takes in different quarters in terms of what we may or may not do in terms of pricing, depending on what we believe is the value we're delivering, as well as what the market's appetite to accept that is, and that's what you're seeing through there.
Sachin Mehra: And Darrin, I'll just add as it relates to how we see the other revenue line item and services, in particular to what Michael was talking about, look, we see really good demand from the customers, and we see good growth potential there. The reality is we are doing deeper penetration of those services with our existing customer base.  We're expanding the set of services we've got across our customer base and the third element, we're actually taking those same services and moving across to the new network side of things as well. And Michael alluded to one part of that when he was talking about what we do in the CipherTrace, but more broadly, even in open banking, for example.  So the potential is there and we do expect that given the suite of services we've got, there is good growth potential going forward.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, Tien-Tsin, on your question as it relates to the outlook for the full year 2022 on OpEx, so, on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions, we are guiding along the following lines, which is on OpEx that we expect to come in on a full year basis at the low end of the low-double-digits range.  And just to remind you on what we're talking about OpEx on the revenue side, also, we have changed our full year guide and our revenue, again, on a non-GAAP growth basis, currency-neutral, excluding acquisitions, is now at the low 20s rate, which is higher than what we had shared with you previously.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So Ramzey, I'll take that one. So, look, I mean, I think you're well aware about the fact that rebates and incentives are influenced by a number of factors, right? Some of which you alluded to, which is what's going on from a volume growth rate, what's going on from a mix standpoint, how the pipeline of new deals are looking, you take all of that into consideration.  But the reality is, if you just think about where we are from a mix standpoint, particularly on cross-border between where we were pre-pandemic and where we are today, we've still not gone back to the historical mix levels from a cross-border to domestic volume standpoint. So as that reverts back to the mean and when I say the mean, means closer to what the pre-pandemic levels where you would expect to see some benefit of that come through in rebates and incentives versus growth - as a percentage of growth, you would see that come through.  But the reality is there are other countervailing factors which are also taking place, right, which is a function of what the pipeline of deals looks like, what the timing around that is, but – the basic premise is correct, which is as more cross-border happens, you're going to see a benefit come through in rebates and incentives as a percentage of growth.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Bryan. So a couple of things which are – you're right. We had previously guided to high-single-digits and now are guiding to low end of low-double-digits on this non-GAAP metric on OpEx. Couple of things going on.  One is we have taken foreign exchange-related losses on the remeasurement of our assets and liabilities during the first two quarters, order of magnitude about $70 million and you'll see all of this in our reports, which we've kind of publicly put out there. So that's certainly impacting it. And then a couple of other things which, to me, are more critical, which is we continue to invest in the long-term growth of our business, that which includes investing in our people.  In a hot talent market, we want to make sure we've got the best people. We want to be there. In terms of having those best people help us execute on what we've laid out as our strategic priorities, which is what we're doing right here. We've always kind of followed the philosophy of let's keep an eye on the top-line and then kind of pulse as to what we want to do from an expense and investment standpoint and that's the philosophy we're following. We'll continue to follow that philosophy going forward.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, David. So you are right in terms of what the mix shift between inter and intra was this quarter versus last quarter. I think there are a few things to keep in mind. That's the mix shift between inter and intra. But there's also within the world of inter what are the corridors, which are coming back versus the corridors which have not come back, right?  And as you started to see more of the higher-yielding corridors come back, that's actually helping us in providing us the tailwind we are talking about right here. So, for example, you've got markets – it’s like inbound into the U.S. as that starts to come back, you start to see the benefit of that come through markets like Asia, inbound into Asia, you'll start to see the benefit of that come through. 
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Jason. So, on your first question, here is what we're seeing actually. Overall, the consumer and consumer spending patterns are very healthy. And again, you've got to parse this data out between what we see in the U.S. versus what we see in the rest of the world, right? And different people have different definitions on what is lower income versus what is the affluent.  But let's just start kind of that as the frame. In the U.S., what you are seeing is, good strength across both, but a declining trend in terms of the growth rates on the lower income side of things. Affluent spend continues to be very healthy and carries on in a very nice way. Outside of the U.S., we are not seeing much in the nature of a shift between now, the affluent category spending versus what the lower income category spending.  So the benefits of what we've got in Mastercard by being a diversified business and being diversified from a geographical standpoint is actually helping us very nicely because independent of what happens in one market versus the other, the value of what we got across the globe comes through in terms of spend levels here And then your second question was around rebates and incentives. Look, I just talked about things which influence revising incentives. So I won't kind of belabor that point. What I'll share with you is the following that we expect that incentives as a percentage of growth will be roughly similar in Q3 to what we saw in Q2.
Sachin Mehra: And I'll just add to that a couple of thoughts. One, I think defining any sort of TAM in open banking at this point in time will just be an incorrect. We'll be looking for precision where it doesn't exist because use cases are still to develop. So I think, what we see is tremendous potential with what Open Banking does by providing us access to an alternative network. It's a data network, which comes with its own sets of use cases.  The second point I'll bring out is regardless of whether it's open banking or digital ID or all of our services. We think about that in the context of the revenues they generate for Mastercard, the company, but it's really important to remember that all of this is one big circular wheel. Our open banking assets power our payments, our services power our payments. So there is the collateral advantage, which comes through by virtue and being in all of these spaces, which trickles down to all parts of our business.
