Martina Hund-Mejean: So, Tien-Tsin, good morning. There really are a couple of factors in that when you look at the FX-adjusted revenue, which is the 7% for the second quarter, and by the way the factors were the same in the first quarter. Two I want to call out. One is the incentives that we are now running through our P&L, which is really related to a couple of very large agreements that we had announced earlier. And the amortization that is running through our P&L is no different than we assumed. And, of course, this is the first year where you would be running that in, so you're not going to have a lapping effect in that respect for the next year. The second factor that is still with us in some fashion is the deconversion from the Chase portfolio. So that is also going to end at the end of this year.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, Andrew, from a strategic point of view, I think what you're seeing us doing is that we got a lot more clarity over the last four or five years in terms of where we want to strategically play, and these are the areas that Ajay has actually called out. And then what we did is we went to work and actually looked at the areas. We looked at them organically and what can we actually build. We looked at whether we can partner with people, and then we also looked at what kind of companies and skill sets are out there that we could potentially purchase. And I think you see the culmination over the last 18 months of all of that work, putting it together. We're looking at these acquisitions always first strategically. Do they fit with MasterCard? Will they expand our business? Will they be catering to the multiplier effect that Ajay was mentioning? That means not only putting their skill sets into our business but combining it with what we have and actually getting more out of it, so we looked at all of this. And then of course, we looked at does it culturally make sense? Can the companies work together, as well as does it make financially sense? All of those three criteria we really have not changed. And when you look at our comments about capital deployment, again, we haven't changed those at all. We said first, we would be investing organically in the business. Second, we would be looking in these particular areas that are of strategic importance to us for acquisitions. And lastly, we are giving cash back to the shareholders. So you should not attribute any change in terms of what we're doing.
Martina Hund-Mejean: You've seen maybe numbers out there because in the SO you are seeing that the EC could be assessing fines associated with the SO, and it's far too early for us to be able to speculate on any numbers because there are many different ways that you can actually calculate them. And quite frankly, if we were to reach a settlement with the EC, we would not be expecting any fine to be imposed. But there's really a third leg to the litigation in Europe, which I mentioned just in my prepared remarks, which is related to the UK merchant litigation. And as you can see, we have been settling with Tesco, which is the largest merchant claimant in this litigation. We have been settling with them. We are pleased that that is behind us and so I think we are on our way addressing those issues there, too.
Martina Hund-Mejean: And in fact, David, when you really read the European legislation, that actually provides an opportunity for us to be expanding in SEPA processing more. Given what the merchants are looking at at this point in time, they will probably be accepting electronic payments more than they did. Remember in Europe, many, many merchants, especially the small merchants, are not accepting that. They have a way of telling the industry in terms of where they want to route the transactions. And we believe that our processing business in Europe is very strong to be able to continue to take advantage of it. But as Ajay said, this is not a revolutionary change ever. It's an evolutionary change and will help us over a long term to be increasing our business in Europe.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay. So first of all, Chris, on pricing, this quarter we had really a very, very small impact on pricing, similar to last quarter. Very, very small. And you should not expect for this year a lot of pricing to be coming through on a net basis. In terms of what's going on transaction processing fee, there are two factors in there. One is mix in terms of where it comes from and in which region the fees are actually generated. And, yes, you're right, local currency is impacting that, too.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Actually, operating margins were completely in line with expectations that we had internally, in fact, a little bit better because we were able to reap more savings from our restructuring that we had started earlier this year than anticipated. And also, the M&A activity that is on the OpEx line was actually right on with our expectations.
Ajay Banga: And, Tien-Tsin, remember that inside that 7% is the other 2 ppts of local currency impact of the currencies that are not what we call functional, meaning everything outside the euro and the real. Now, who knows where that will go longer term, but that's also something that we hadn't seen in the year or two earlier. So we've got these three things going on. We've got the front-ended loading of the incentives of some of these large deals. We've got the whole aspect of this 2 ppts of foreign exchange translation outside the euro and the real that are running through. The Chase portfolio is almost gone, but it runs through as a lapping effect to work until the end of this year. And that's three things we're dealing with. That's why you see the underlying gross volume is where you would think it would be, though the rebates and incentives combined with the 2 ppts in FX tend to pull things backwards. That's what's going on.
Ajay Banga: There are a lot of implications of what happens if and when Visa actually completes that activity. And if they do, there are implications on pricing and yield. So the question you're getting at and there are implications of how long it will take for them to put the companies together. We've done the Europay acquisition quite some years ago and integrating that into MasterCard did pose some amount of challenges in terms of the cultures of the two companies. You've also got the technology to be brought together. Remember that simple things like V.me and Visa Checkout are two different things and that goes into their credit and debit technologies and there's going to be a lot of stuff to be done. But let's get past all that and assume all that gets done over a period of time. Back to your yield question, MasterCard Europe's yield is higher than the Visa Europe yield, but it is lower than our MasterCard Global yield. Now, there are two or three caveats I'd like to put into your mind around that before you conclude that means our yields will go up if Visa were to be in Europe a more rational pricing competitor. The first caveat is yields in Europe generally tend to be lower. Why is that? That's because it's a heavier mix of debit, other than maybe in the UK and Spain, but most of continental Europe is heavier weighted to debit. We also process, both us and Visa, fewer transactions as a percentage because of all the competition from the old legacy domestic processors, particularly in debit, across the European countries. Now, you know there are breakthroughs happening in that space to increase the ratio of transactions we're processing. Today, we are processing just a little under 40%. Now, that's higher than we used to, but it's still only 40%. So when you process less and there's more debit, you get a naturally lower yield in the system. The second little caveat, which is an important one as well, is that MasterCard Europe, when I said our yield is higher than Visa Europe but lower than MasterCard as a whole, MasterCard Europe includes Eastern Europe and Russia. Visa Europe does not do that. And so you've got to be a little careful about assuming the numbers across MasterCard Europe and Visa Europe. You may be comparing chalk and cheese a little bit there. And the third part is you know all the regulatory change that's happening in Europe with what's going on with the interchange, and interchange doesn't directly impact network revenues. We've shown that time over time in every region around the world. But the fact is trying to go back to an issuer during a time that their own P&L is being compressed by lower interchange, dramatically lower interchange, I think that's going to be a little more challenging for pricing. So even today our pricing is higher than Visa Europe's and that's why our yield is higher. They're gaining share even in that period of time. I'm not quite sure that if they do get in, they do buy it, what their pricing logic would be. If their pricing logic is to be more rational and raise it a little bit to come closer to us, that may give us a little more flexibility. But I'm going to wait and watch before I conclude anything. Meanwhile, for us it's business as usual in Europe. They're pumping away growing share. You've heard Martina talk about our volume and our trends in Europe. We're actually trying our best to keep that business growing the way it should. We still think it's a very attractive growth business for our company in the years to come.
Ajay Banga: Sure. Look, the co-brand business is becoming where everybody suddenly got focused on. And it's always been a relatively competitive space. And some parts of it have gotten more competitive, others less so. My general opinion has been most co-brands are decided relatively rationally. There is a great discussion on pricing that's normally the starting point, as you would expect. But I do find that there is an intelligent conversation about the value you bring to the merchant and the issuer and the consumer of that co-brand in the process of being the network on that co-brand. So if the merchant issuer feels or the bank issuer feels that this is going to be an opportunity for them to build a stronger, closer relationship with some aspect of their consumer book, you tend to benefit from that, whether it be through analytics, through things like our Advisors book, or it be through safety and security or it be through loyalty and rewards. All those tend to patch together. And in fact, just the pricing of clearing, authorizing and settlement is literally just an entry point. And a lot of what you're seeing us do in our acquisitions is to build out the capacity of the company's existing assets to connect into some of these edge of the network assets and become more than just what we used to be 10 years ago. That's what we're trying to do. And that impact will help us over time with co-brands, not just in the U.S., but also with proprietary books and also enable us to build more stable revenue streams, even as competition keeps coming into different parts of our existing revenue stream. That's a longer-term picture. It's not three, four quarters. I'm really talking out three, four, five, six years of how to think about the company for its future. Specific deals in the U.S. and elsewhere, there are a ton of them that keep coming up. Every quarter there are co-brands up. There are some small ones, some big ones. We are playing for all of them. And some of them continue to make sense to us and some of them are at a point of time when they don't make sense. Then Martina and I go and hide in a room and run away from the numbers. That's what we do.
Ajay Banga: When it no longer makes sense? I don't how to give you a specific item or a number or thinking. But honestly, I look at it from many different ways. I look at the pricing and the yield for sure, but I look at it in every aspect of the ecosystem, issuer pricing, acquirer pricing, what you would get out of incremental volumes, what you'd get out of selling other value-added services, put the whole thing together. That, by the way, is true not just of co-brands. It's true of every deal we do. And we don't approach co-brands very differently from any other deal we do. We approach it with the same pricing discipline that we approach for any deal. And that's been our rules now at least since I've been here. I'm pretty certain that's how my predecessor used to look at them too.
Ajay Banga: As far as the future is concerned, I hate to tell you that you should think about this dilution versus that dilution. At the end of the day, when I came here six years ago, we started this work around that time. And it happened that for the first three or four years, we only found a couple of deals that fitted into what we were trying to do. And at that time what we were trying to do was what led to DataCash and Access Prepaid. Why was that? DataCash was like the e-commerce gateway. Remember, e-commerce six years ago was the thing that everybody was talking about growing into. We wanted to make sure we had the right connectivity with acquirers and merchants by building that in. We had our own gateway in Asia. We folded this with that, added the TNS gateway, and now we've got a pretty decent sized global gateway business. It has strengths and weaknesses. It's not strong enough in the U.S. It's stronger in Europe and Asia. We're trying to build it out. All that's going on. Access Prepaid was because we were the minority players in prepaid, and we wanted to grow in prepaid. We saw it as a growth opportunity. One of the things we saw in there was if you owned a prepaid program manager, it connected valuable prepaid business and allowed you to grow your footprint. And lo and behold, five years later we have done very well in prepaid. We are one of the leading brands, if not the leading brand, by the end of this year in prepaid, and that's been helped partly by Access Prepaid. As we moved along and we became clearer about where the future revenue streams would come from for continued growth, that's when we said let's focus on these bundled services, loyalty, safety, security, processing to see the data, connected to advisors and analytics. And as we built our confidence, we have kept looking at the deals. We looked at a ton of deals and chucked them out the door because they didn't fit one of those three criteria that Martina talked about, cultural fit, connectivity to our existing products and services, financial sense. But then along came timing-wise a bunch of deals that just enabled us to do this a lot last year. Now it's been five months this year, we've done APT basically and one of the smaller ones, but it just depends on the year. So I'd be loath to give you a forward-looking idea about what this could look like. I just don't think I could predict that to you. But you should know that we will be acquisitive if it fits those three ideas and if we feel we can absorb it, and that's what we're trying to do.
Ajay Banga: Look, the news item on the merchant litigation in the U.S., we've been aware of the article, we are aware of the underlying issues. If those allegations are true, clearly these lawyers have displayed conduct that's pretty disappointing. But to be clear, they were not the principals only involved in that whole settlement. There were lots of regulatory people involved. There was great close involvement by the judge at that time. I don't think that the behavior of two lawyers disrupts all that. But you know what, the court is going to decide that. We're pretty confident the settlement will stand. We'll see how it goes. But we've been aware of this for a little while now. The European part of it, there are two or three things, too. One of is the actual announcement of the rules that are going into place, and you know that those are happening. The 20/30 will happen. The functional versus legal separation of scheme and processing will happen. The co-badging will happen, and we're working with all that and we feel that we've got a good handle on all of those. The statement of objections, this covers two issues, and we were aware of this for a while. We've been engaged in a dialogue with the commission, and we remain so in an effort to seek a constructive resolution. So the first issue they are tackling is the idea of interregional transactions and the interchange rates that are charged on inbound consumer cross-border transactions in an EEA from outside cards coming in. Now, in our total numbers, that's less than 1% of our total volume. But it's an important issue, and Visa Inc. received a similar statement of objections from the EC, I don't know, three or four years ago, three years ago, and it's still sitting out there. So I don't even know how long this will take to come through to any sensible resolution, but it's a discussion that's happening; that should ECB be getting involved with the interchange rates that a Singaporean, Indian, Australian, American bank makes when a consumer from there transacts in the EU with very different ticket sizes and implications than an European consumer transacting in the EU. So we'll see where that goes. That is the work that's going on there. There's a second aspect of the statement of objections from the EC, and that has to do with cross-border rather central acquiring rules for the European merchants. And that's what I'm going to be talking to them about because – how will that be constructive? For example, if you were to allow that to happen, would all acquirers move to one low-cost location and from there trend price down to a lower level, what would that mean for the banks and for the acquirers in other European countries? And so I don't know where it's going to go. In the actual putting out of the rules, a couple of these proposals got dropped because different European countries found them less than palatable. So we'll see. It's early days. We'll see. But we have in our disclosure, as Martina is about to tell you, because I can see she's dying to say something, so I'm going to point it to Martina.
Ajay Banga: Europe is an interesting marketplace for us, but it's got really interesting complications in the way it's constructed. You know that. That's how we've been navigating there for years. And as a company, we have a degree of experience and expertise on the ground in Europe.
Ajay Banga: Craig, there's a bunch of people that are playing in this space. Gateways are just one way to get some access to the transaction. PayPal is much more than a gateway. And Stripe is a different – they're different. People use gateway very loosely. So in that whole space of digital transactions, whether they be through m-commerce or e-commerce channel or in-app or browser-based or whether they be through physical contactless, there are going to be a lot of players playing in this space to connect to the merchant, to connect to the acquirer and to connect to the issuer and the digital vehicle that they use. We're just keen to be a regular player playing with all of them. We've had a view through many earnings calls and investor meetings. But we're not going to pick winners and losers in this because this thing is evolving at a rate that's very fast and people who looked like winners three years, four years ago are no longer relevant players there. So rather than placing bets, we're being relatively agnostic in all these spaces, whether it be – you remember a little while back the conversation was secure element versus HCE. And we said we're not going to pick, we're going to do both, and that's what we're doing. It's the same with all of these things. So my view generally is there's going to be a ton of players playing there. We are actively involved with Stripe with many different aspects of what they do. We will be doing other things with them. You don't have to invest with them to be able to do good commercial deals with them, although it may make strategic sense sometimes to invest. And so I don't rule out any of these. I just have a view: keep yourself open, play with all of them, find your company's best interests there and remain relevant in the value chain. That's what we're trying to do. PayPal is a client of ours as well, not just – as you've heard from many others, more than half of their float comes from the use of traditional cards of all our networks. But in addition, their corporate cards, some of their small business cards is all with us as well. So I do see the fact that they do with ACH get around the networks and in a way around the issuer's compensation in that sense. That part I don't like. If you remember, that's why we put out the digital wallet operator rules which, by the way, the other networks have yet not clarified on. And so we put that out for a reason, because we wanted the rules to be clear. And the rules have got to be that the brand of the issuer, the brand of the network has to flow right through. I believe they prefer a transaction that's not staged, but it's flowed through. That's what Apple has done; that's what a lot of the other digital giants are doing. PayPal does it differently. Yet PayPal is a client as well. And I think the digital world is a complicated one where you've got to find your way to thread your needle through it. That's what we're trying to do.
Ajay Banga: It's the same as usual, meaning it moves at the glacial pace that I'm used to in Europe. We're growing our SEPA transactions in the mid-teens. It's been like that, I would say, for a few quarters now. We are seeing SEPA transactions – SEPA-based transactions, I don't want to call it SEPA transactions, we are seeing domestic transactions in a number of the European countries, actually in almost all of them. Growing in Germany, growing in Belgium. The ramp up in Netherlands was announced some time ago. We're seeing some more transactions in France and Spain and in Portugal and Italy. All that's going on. Nothing new on that phase.
Ajay Banga: I think we've gone from what used to be high 20% of processed transactions several years ago to just under 40%. So that gives you a sense of how much time it took us to get from point A to point B.
Ajay Banga: I haven't seen anything yet. It's very early days. And clearly there's got to be some impact in terms of how merchants perceive it, but very early. I don't know yet.
Ajay Banga: So to tell you to expect that you will not have restrictions and encumbrances would be to expect the wrong thing out of the way China tends to open up its businesses. Based on many years of working with China, including my years in my previous job in Asia, they have always done this in a very measured, thoughtful way that allows local industry to both benefit from the influx of foreign money and technology, but also to actually protect itself in a way from that influx. And it's been done very carefully over the years. I see no reason why they wouldn't be as thoughtful in this, which is a very important industry to them. So we will have restrictions. We will have encumbrances. Already in the preliminary guidelines they've issued, which I referred to when I was speaking in (56:45) more by the end of the year, they've got ideas around what qualifies for domestic processing and what kind of data can and cannot leave their shores and how you would operate for clearing, authorizing and settlement. And they've got ideas, but they're still at a stage where I don't know the detail of them. And finally in all of these, the devil is in the details. We, because of our distributed operating structure a little different from other networks, may qualify for some aspects of our technology to be seen as more local than some of the others, but I don't know yet. It's all work in progress. But rest assured, there will be encumbrances and there will be some restrictions. But it's an interesting marketplace still. It will be a marketplace that will evolve over a few years. Not only is it a question of getting processing set up on the ground in China, which we hope to be able to do by the end of next year for sure, technically, but it's more than that. It's what kind of acceptance do you have outside of what used to be the high traffic tourist destinations in the big cities, which is where traditional foreign network acceptance was housed. How do you get more issuers to be issuing these cards over the next period of time? So there's going to be a lot of work on issuing, on acceptance in addition to the processing. And part of what Martina talked about when she said we're going to start spending money this year is we see a two, three-year pattern of investing there. All we're trying to do is to start getting ahead of that curve and start putting ourselves in a better position. So over the course of three, four, five years, we feel good about where we are in China. We feel good today. Today, as I said last time in my call, about half of the cards issued, they are with us, but half are with our largest competitor. It wasn't that way five years ago. We've got a decent position. But you know what? Compared to China UnionPay's own branded card, we're all tiny and there's a huge opportunity in that system over a few years to come.
Ajay Banga: Sure. So thank you all for those questions, and I'm going to leave you with a couple of quick closing thoughts. I guess the business continues to perform well in what we find to be a challenging global economy. The U.S. and Europe, as I said, seem to be improving. Asia and Latin America have a few market issues. We are going ahead and executing on strategy. We are investing in new technology. We're investing in other services both organically and through acquisitions, and we did have a couple of questions around that in the last half an hour. We are clearly seeing the benefits of these acquisitions in our business engagements. We continue to expect to have increasing opportunities to bundle that capability with our existing products and services. And as Martina mentioned, we're managing our organic expense growth to fund those integrations. I hope many of you will come along to attend our Investor Day in September in New York, if nothing else, to get a selfie and check that your transaction goes through. But you will also have the chance to hear more about strategic focus areas and hopefully experience some of these innovative products and services, a couple of which got mentioned on today's call. Mostly, we appreciate your continued support of our company and all of us and thank you so much for joining us today.
