Michael Miebach: Yes. Hi Harshita, thanks for the question. So, we're excited about Ekata. And it is a continuation of what we have been doing in digital identity. So, clearly it's a non-sustainable path forward in a more digital economy to have even more passwords, so that's pretty clear. So, identify is one pillar in our overall security strategy. So, we needed to strengthen up here. The -- we started that activity with a pilot that we launched in Australia about a year ago that is now going live in partnership with the Australian telecom Optus where we are introducing a reusable digital identity. What Ekata does is it accelerates our efforts and accelerates our efforts because Ekata has access to verifiable data points that allow to establish an identity. As I said earlier, they can in near real-time produce very accurate identity scores. And it comes along with a set of -- established set of global customers, digital merchants, cryptocurrency chains, financial institutions, and so forth. So, we were on the track. Ekata is accelerating our efforts. It sits right into our existing set of cyber solutions. It's at the start of the transaction. It's at the end of the transaction. And in between, we have our decision intelligence our various other transaction-focused solutions. So, it's a full package. It sets us apart. And as you can appreciate you linked this back to open banking as you asked the question, we are going beyond the payment transaction and such. And you need identity solutions for data transaction just as much as you do for digital identity use cases.
Michael Miebach: All right. Darrin let me start off with the structural changes. I mean, that's the key question here. What makes a trend? What will stick? We have over the last 14 months on a monthly basis helped consumers around the world, small businesses around the world. And the input that we're getting from this research remains unchanged. And that is fundamentally starting with increasing consumer confidence, spending is going up. And then when you look at the way how people spend, what we're hearing is, when the pandemic subsides, 70% of people are saying, I'm going to continue to use more online commerce than I have before the pandemic. Almost 70% is saying the same thing for digital -- for digital banking. Almost the same number says more for contactless. And then you look at the other side of the coin and that is about 60% of people are saying, I will actually use less cash. So we believe that these trends of elevated -- anything elevated online will prevail, maybe not at the same levels, but they will be elevated. At the same time, we're already seeing that in countries where strong vaccination programs are there and social distancing measures are reduced, that the spend in store is coming back. So people do want to go and spend at the local restaurant or support the local shop in their local main street. So, the good thing is, we're ready for both with our solutions. So that is around consumer behavior, the changing consumer as we turn out of this nightmare. And then, you look at what else is going on. And what else are we seeing is with this push towards a more digital economy we're seeing there's more data around. And the thirst for data analytics is increasing. Our services teams can't be running fast enough to satisfy that thirst. If you look at more data, you look at an increasing cyber footprint. So our cyber solutions that is going to be -- it's going to be a continuing trend. Earlier we talked a little bit about our multi-rail strategy and what we're doing there. I talked about Europe and being the local partner. Government is interested in -- payments government is interested in real-time payments and crypto central bank digital currency. So this whole trend of government leaning in, I think is important. So our focus on our government vertical is going to help us there. And finally, just came across the news over the last couple of days is the dependence on international supply chains is showing up. It shows up in the context of vaccine distributions lately, but it has been showing up across many different industries. So, there is a real push to digitize supply chains, make them more flexible. And of course that comes to payments as well and comes to associated data flows. So B2B should also be seeing quite a push out of -- as we turn out of the pandemic. So, it's a shifting picture. And Darrin, I agree with you that there's a lot of things to feel positive about in terms of our strategy is on point for all these drivers. That's why we're increasing the investment behind these. And the second half of the question, I'll turn over to Sachin.
Michael Miebach: Lisa, it's a great question. Let's take a look at CBDCs. I mean, across the whole crypto space, I mean where we want to play a role in CBDCs, we want to play a role in private stablecoins, we want to facilitate the buying and selling of crypto assets. So, it's a broader space. Specifically in CBDCs, I would describe it as relatively early days. So the engagement that we have and that's where we see our role to start with is to answer the question that you just asked in partnership with governments is what is the right construct? What is the role of the private sector? And where we came out and fortunately, as of late there's been a few thought leadership pieces involving, some of the leading central banks around the world including the ECB and the Bank of England and so forth is ideally there's a two-tier system, where the government takes the role of mining the currency so to say, as they do in fiat and the private sector takes the role of distributing it. And the private sector this comes to your question about the specific role that players could have including us is innovating around that. Innovating the true power of blockchain, what else could it do other than facilitating a payment. So I think there is – there's a direction that we like, where this is going. So concepts of interoperability are also very important because the utility for a consumer or business will only come when you can do something with the central bank digital currency. I think this example out of Bahamas is actually a very striking one. So here is a Mastercard partner program that allows you to spend on a CBDC unit that you have received at any place Mastercard is accepted. That's solving the last mile issue. Imagine how we could be doing this in so many countries. So is that engagement on model? Is that engagement on policy? Now as you try to do something like the Bahamas did, you've got to test it and try it. And for now that we see our second role in actually facilitating a real-life test bed, where you can iterate around the design and see how does this work. And that's not only for governments. Governments like that Sandbox, they engage, but it's also to pull in the commercial banks because it needs to go in conjunction if you have a two-tier system. So I see all of that and then I'll come to assume a scenario where this is in play and it exists in a given country. We just talked about the Bahamas. There's this last mile issue. But there's also been the questions of what other applications can ride on this infrastructure. And you've heard us talk about in the context of real-time payments, our go-to-market is always underlying infrastructure, application services and we intend to do the same thing here. And that is, what is an application that could ride on top of this? It could be a smart trade contract. So a smart contract technology is what we're investing in when I made the reference earlier reinvesting in further blockchain technology. And then of course there are services. Everybody right now is asking us, what should our blockchain strategy and our advisors team is all over that. And there will be cyber questions. Governments are raising the question when a blockchain comes along, is that a backdoor for hackers? So our whole cyber solution space is also geared up to engage. So I think there's a role to play for the private sector and there's a role to play very specifically for us to help the private sector and government.
Michael Miebach: I just want to add one point here. So there's the deepening part into our existing customer set. As Sachin just said, you extend your capabilities. There's another vector here and that is extending in new segments. So as we're -- throughout the last couple of years in the front of a number of acquisitions like SessionM or APT we're finding that there's other adjacent segments that are needing these kinds of services. And as we go into these new segments that's also an opportunity for us to also then so to say cross-sell our payment solutions. So it works in different ways. And then the last thing to add obviously when it comes to our multi-rail strategy there's a growth dimension of extending our services across all new flows.
Michael Miebach: Yes. Yes. So the first thing I would say, it's not entirely different from what we intended to buy. It's certainly different in terms of the expected time line. So it should have been a little faster than it was. Now but that aside, we were excited in August 2019 and we're excited on March 3 when we had Legal Day One and we welcomed the team in Copenhagen. And I'll tell you why we're excited. So with our existing set of multi-rail capabilities, particularly in the account-to-account space we're well positioned with VocaLink. VocaLink has strong infrastructure capabilities, applications and helped us to build the services business. What Nets does is, Nets gives us additional infrastructure capabilities because here's a significantly customizable high-end solution that VocaLink brings which works for large established markets that have had some journey in real-time payments. And then there's Nets which is a more nimble platform that allows us to deal with the smaller markets and take on more in a shorter period of time. So there's complementary assets here and that if you look across that, it makes us the one-stop shop partner, when it comes to real-time payments and that is unsurpassed. There's nothing else out there at this point in time. On the application side, I'm even more excited because here what we're having is -- we're not just getting technological capability with this purchase and we can bolt on to what we've already done in VocaLink. But we're getting scaled businesses that are live in market. There are strong bill payment propositions and volumes with large customer reach in particularly in the Nordics regions, but other parts of Europe as well. So we've identified Bill Pay as a growth opportunity sometime back here in the US and now we're bolting that on. And then we have the choice of taking some of our US capabilities into other parts of the world or do the same with Nets. So that is accelerating our growth in the application space which I'm particularly focused on. I think last, but not least that they have activities in the open banking space and few services around real-time payments. So that just rounds off the picture. And I come back to Legal Day One. We're getting a fantastic team of engineers and experts in this space that is just really rounding off of our capability side. Now the aspect on how this might look different. So Tien-Tsin you made that reference. And I all want to remind us there was a remedy that we had put on the table in kind of negotiations with the EU commission throughout the approval process. And it basically means, we will license the Nets infrastructure technology to a licensee and the licensee was identified as part of the approval process. That allows -- but that is on the infrastructure side not much of an issue because we have other assets to compete and then we can use it ourselves. So we're not excluded here. The package of having infrastructure application and service altogether, I think makes such a differentiated proposition that we were quite happy to give that remedy. It made the EU commission happy. And it comes back to the point about -- yes this is particularly important in Europe because in Europe being seen as a true European partner, we have the commission put a stamp of approval on this transaction and that works well for us. But we're going to take it elsewhere for sure. I mean that's the whole plan.
Michael Miebach: Yes. So Trevor I think your question specifically is around domestic assessment yields correct? Just want to be sure.
Michael Miebach: Yes. Look I mean we've seen a little bit of recovery in domestic assessment yields in the first quarter relative to what we saw in the fourth quarter. That number kind of moves around right? And it moves around -- there's a whole bunch of stuff which is kind of going on in there. Because remember in the denominator when you're doing yield calculations we talk about GDV. I think the natural instinct is to think about GDV only as domestic volumes. It's a composition of domestic and cross-border volumes. Whereas the numerator, which is domestic assessments is only the revenue we own on our domestic volumes. So depending on how that mix moves around you're going to see that yield move around as well. And then there are other moving parts in domestic assessments, the card fees and those kind of things which are actually featured in there as well. But by and large I would tell you between the fourth quarter of 2019 going into the first quarter of 2021 our yields have held pretty steady if I take those two endpoints. They bounce around a little bit quarter-to-quarter but they're now pretty steady.
Michael Miebach: Good morning. Craig let me take this and then see if Sachin has anything to add. So throughout the pandemic as you rightly said there was clearly a relative rise in debit over credit transactions. The way I look at this is this is a time of economic uncertainty frankly uncertainty general. And in those times people generally prefer to spend money they have and have more control over that. So that is what we've seen in previous crises so no surprise there that is crisis-induced. We see debit benefit from stimulus payments because they are attached to a bank account. So we saw that. And then you look at how the mix of spending has changed in terms of overweight to everyday spend versus discretionary spend and that is just -- there's a lot of historical consumer behavior ingrained in that is that you use debit for more everyday spend. That is what we're seeing in many markets around the world and that has played out here as well. So now the question is what of that is going to stick back to what we said earlier in terms of trends? And in the end that's hard to predict. I do think what we're going to see is that the crisis in use spend is -- the trigger there is going to go away because this nightmare will be over at some point hopefully soon. And you will also see that the discretionary spend categories are coming back. We're already seeing this in the last three weeks when I look at the first three weeks of April here. So you start to see travel strong travel programs. And it's very I think reasonable to expect that a lot of that is going to drive credit growth back up. So we're going to see a bit of a balancing. Now for us I think the strategy has to be we have to have the best solutions across debit and credit and frankly beyond cards as well because we just talked about earlier how the overall payment landscape is changing. And that's where the focus is. That's why we lean in on the travel side, but that's also why we lean in on debit. And you're right NatWest, Deutsche, Santander it's in conversion right now as I said earlier and that's going to be good for us and we try to bring our best solutions forward with consumers. So Sachin, I don't know if you have anything to add.
Michael Miebach: All right. Thanks, Warren. So, first of all, thanks for your questions. I'd love to go on for a while but be mindful of time. Just the key takeaways bring it all together. It's -- we're back in the growth phase domestically that's fantastic. We're ready for the return of travel. When it comes it's going to be selective second half of the year. We keep strong focus on our strategic priorities. I don't have to repeat them again. We're excited about Nets as I just laid out. And we are excited and hopeful that we will close Ekata as soon as possible. So all that is good. None of this would happen without our people and I do just want to recognize that. It's been 14 months that's a marathon. And our folks are running it hard and that is a big shout out. I sent a note to the whole team this morning with our results and told them that that momentum that we were just sharing with you is really entirely their doing. With that I'm going to leave you to it and look forward to speak to you in a quarter from now. Thank you very much and thanks for all your support.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks Jason. So, let me take your rebates and incentives question first. Look I mean rebates and incentives is really dependent on the timing of deals and how the volume and mix plays out. Having said that, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of growth to be up sequentially as domestic spending recovers and new and renewed deals come online. I think you're aware about the fact that our domestic volumes are more indexed -- our rebates and incentives are more indexed to domestic volumes. There are less indexed to cross-border. So, depending on how that volume mix plays out things might move around. But generally speaking, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of growth to be up from current levels pretty much the remainder of the year as volumes recover. On your second question around OpEx, look as we look forward, we see positive momentum in the drivers that impact our topline growth and we will increase the investment we put forward towards our strategic priorities. And these are essentially the ones we've talked about growing our share of core payments, ensuring that digital experience for our customers, driving a broader set of services capabilities, executing on our digital strategy, as well as our B2B strategy. As we do this, we will keep an eye on both the topline as well as the bottom-line. And we will basically be very focused on making sure that we are making investments to drive the long-term growth of our business. And that's kind of the essential thing I'd like to leave you with which is we will continue to stay disciplined from an expense management standpoint. We see domestic spending is transitioning towards the growth phase which gives us confidence and vaccines are effective and they're being deployed at scale. So, we will keep an eye on all of those metrics, we will keep an eye on the topline and we will look to invest in the business to drive that long-term growth objective that we're talking about.
Sachin Mehra: So Darrin, just the one thing I'd kind of point out to you is and you can see this in the slide deck which we shared with you. You can see, how let's take something like cross-border and cross-borders card-not-present excluding travel, right? That as been indexed back to 2019 is showing pretty healthy growth rates. Now, as we come out of the pandemic, we expect a large part of that to stick. On the flip side, when you look what cross-border, travel-related indexation looks like in other words 2021, current spend levels relative to 2019 they're running at about 40%. So if you believe that travel comes back and we do believe that travel comes back, we see structurally the opportunity for upside growth coming from that as well. Just kind of bringing the whole picture together just to add to what Michael was saying. And kind of lends directly into your operating leverage question as well.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, Chris, I can give you a little bit of color on that. So when you think about first, the high-level answer to your question is the corridors are pretty widely dispersed across the globe. You could see generally speaking intra-Europe constitutes a fairly significant portion of our cross-border volumes. And you can see that from the metrics which we've been sharing with you. And so that will depend upon how travel opens up within the intra-Europe border as kind of point one. Now but we recognize also that intra-Europe is lower-yielding than the other cross-border volume. So and as you think about it you should think about it in that context. Secondly, what I'd tell you is US is an important outbound corridor, there's no question about that. But there are several corridors well beyond that. When I think about the Middle East and Africa, when I think about, what's going on in Asia Pacific, these are all important corridors. Take US to Canada another important corridor. US to Latin America and Mexico, these are all important corridors. I think the operative thing here is, at least what we are spending a lot of time thinking about is not only about the rollout of vaccines but what are governments doing to establish travel bubbles. So you've heard about Australia and New Zealand. You're hearing about Hong Kong, Singapore. You're hearing about China establishing some sort of bubble. So there's a lot of work which is currently underway in terms of seeing, is there a level of comfort to open up borders and to make it less onerous for people to travel. So it's kind of a three-prong thing as far as I'm concerned: it's vaccines; it's the opening up and establishing of border kind of protocol; and then the third is have you made it less onerous for people travel. And you've got to look at all those three, as you think about how cross-border travel comes back. Now, the proof points we've got so far are in corridors like US, Latin America, things have worked out pretty nicely. It's not that onerous. People are traveling. You've seen decent cross-border spend. Similarly in the UAE, you've seen decent cross-border spend. A lot of this – and one more reminder, a quick one I've got for you is, a lot of our cross-border travel volume is personal travel and we do expect personal travel will come back. And the leading indicator for that is we've seen it come back in the domestic environment pretty robustly. Now that you've taken away these quarantine requirements in the context with the US and several other countries. So that's the kind of color I just wanted to share with you as you think about how this will play out going forward.
Sachin Mehra: So I guess what I'd tell you, I'd tell you our experience based on what we've seen from the stimulus is this round of stimulus has actually come into the flow from a spending standpoint a lot more rapidly than the last round of stimulus had come through. What we've also experienced is that the dollar spent are not kind of once and done. So said differently people are saving. And then there is the trickle effect which comes to over a period of time. So it's our expectation that the impact of the stimulus will continue to be felt, but at a declining pace as time goes along, because we've started to see a lot of that come through in the early part right now. As I kind of just mentioned you can see that in the strength in the numbers we've got. And then on your question on services, solid quarter on services again. Look services continues to do really well. It does well from a revenue-generating capability. It also powers the core very effectively. You can see that in the way we're winning share. And I'm seeing a very strong pipeline in terms of what we're seeing from a services standpoint going forward. So I feel pretty good. And the way again I think about this is you have a set of existing capabilities. How do you deepen your penetration with your customer base, existing and new customers, and then you keep building on your services capabilities. For example, the acquisitions we've recently done and how did we contribute to growth on a going-forward basis. So I think when you add all of that up, I feel pretty good about our services growth trajectory going forward.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. I'll just make one more additional comment. When we think about account-to-account there's certainly the domestic flows and then there's the account-to-account cross-border. And I think we've got to kind of think about it in the composite because candidly we're seeing some very decent traction take place even in that cross-border space from an account-to-account standpoint. Michael mentioned this in his remarks where he talked about the traction we're having with the integration of Transfast being complete. And it's not only exclusive to Europe by the way. It's pretty much across the globe. So we think about it holistically including the cross-border categories.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. I think Michael you pretty much covered it. The point I'd make Craig in addition is obviously the increased secular shift which is taking place. I think you were alluding to the fact that the first point of replacement of cash happens to be debit. We're certainly seeing that come through. But like Michael said there will be some level of reversion to the mean. The one point I'd make is the way we look at it even from a product life cycle standpoint is people tend to start when you think about financial inclusion and you think about how people come into spending in electronic forms they start with prepaid then move to debit then they start getting their toe into credit. And that's just the natural evolution, which will take place. We want to have a balanced portfolio. We want to win across the board and we want to be ready to actually address those spend as they come across debit and/or credit.
