Sachin Mehra: Yes. I think Michael, you pretty much covered it. The only thing I'd just add is we just need to go back to 2021 where we saw that when people have the ability to travel, they express their intent to travel. And we do believe that the impact of Omicron is going to be short-lived. And as borders start to relax a little bit more and people get a little bit more comfortable around this, people will get out there and express the demand for travel, back to what Michael was just saying.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Lisa. I'll take that question. So look, I think the short answer to your question is the vast majority of what you've seen in terms of net yields has been driven by the changing mix of the business over the pandemic, primarily cross-border volumes coming down and the impact of that. As you know, cross-border volumes and the revenues are less indexed from a rebates and incentive standpoint. So you have the impact of that playing through.  I would say fundamentally, we've always operated in a competitive environment. We see no real change in the level of competition relative to what we've seen over the past few years. So candidly, I would tell you our assumption going into our planning cycle, and going into 2022 as well as our three year performance objectives has been one of the impact of having minimal net pricing, which is net of rebates and incentives. And we still continue to believe that to be the case. That was very much the case a couple of years ago as well.  So the point really is a lot of what you're seeing on the net revenue yield is being driven by the changing mix, primarily cross-border. Services continues to do really well, and has been accretive to our yield in the past. And we expect that given the opportunity in services, that will be the case going forward as well.
Sachin Mehra: And Sanjay, I'll just add to what Michael just said. I think you'll remember at our November investment community meeting, we had shared with you that the U.S., UK and Canada inbound cross-border travel corridors represented -- in Q3 of 2019, they represented roughly 20% of total cross-border travel volumes, which we have said. And we said they were tracking at roughly 50% of 2019 levels. This is the data we shared with you at ICM. Well just as an update, as we progressed through the quarter in November, we saw these borders open, which Michael talked about, U.S., UK, Canada. And the same metric, which is the U.S., UK and Canada in Q4 is now at 70% of 2019 levels. So that's just an expression of our confidence about how, when people can travel, they will travel.
Sachin Mehra: So look, I mean, Tien-Tsin, here's what I would say. I think in what I shared with you in terms of our Q1 thoughts, you've got to factor in -- there is the headwind, which is coming in from the strengthening U.S. dollar, which I kind of talked about what our estimate around that is. So that would be one kind of call.  But other than that, all we're kind of expressing is where we're seeing our current metrics and how we're assuming the recovery of Omicron to come through over the course of the first quarter, which I kind of shared with you in my prepared remarks. So really nothing else going on there. I will emphasize one more time, what you're seeing in terms of the first three weeks of January, indexed back to 2019 has got a compounding effect. And that, you have to take into consideration when you're checking -- when you're looking at the sequential trends, which is why I was giving that additional color around what the impact of Omicron was, adjusted for the compounding effect on switched volumes, switched transactions and cross-border.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Bryan. On the first point, you're referring to the 15% year-over-year growth in the first three weeks of January. And you're looking at the sequential trends there. Well, that is a tougher comp ratio. And this goes back to the impact of the economic stimulus, which was enabling better spending back on -- in the comparable period last year, and that's what you're seeing happen there. So that's kind of the answer to the first part of the question.  On your second point, look, I mean, the whole rebates and incentives thing, I need to just emphasize one more time. Look, I know people are focused on the competitive environment. Trust us, we too are, because we operate in that competitive environment. And we want to make sure that we compete effectively with our products, capabilities, services, whatever the case might be. We have not seen a meaningful shift in the competitive environment relative to what we've been used to operating in the past. So that's kind of just to level set where we are.  But specifically to your question, on rebates and incentives, it's dependent on the timing of deals and how the volume and mix plays out through the year. In Q1, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of growth to be similar to Q4. That's kind of the extent. And all of this is contemplated in what I've shared with you on our full year thoughts as well as on Q1.
Sachin Mehra: Hey Dan, look, I mean on domestic assessment, I think what you've seasonally -- I mean, what we've seen is that typically, in Q4, we see the yield of domestic assessments to actually drop off a little bit. That's just what we have historically seen. There's a bunch of moving parts which are going on in that. And really nothing unusual to call out there. The trajectory of what we've seen historically still holds true on a going forward basis.
Sachin Mehra: And I'll just add to what Michael said. I think you're going to remember that when we talked about what we were doing in the open banking space, we were very deliberate about how we went about our activities there, particularly as it relates to how we got data from the banks, and that was all through APIs. It has been our philosophy. And the idea being, you've got to do it in the right way. You cannot do in scraping, you should be doing it through APIs, not only because it's the right thing to do from a safety and security standpoint, but also the data elements you can actually get by virtue of doing it in that manner help you create a much more sustainable long-term product, which you can offer.  So very much part and parcel of what the philosophy has been from the get-go in this space for us.
Sachin Mehra: Yeah, Dave, again, I want to make sure I got the question. But what we've observed -- if you look at our trends for how switched volume and switched transactions are trending, you'll see effectively that the improvement quarter-over-quarter in switched volumes from 131% of 2019 to 136% of 2019 [ph] is a 5-point improvement compared to switched transactions, which have improved from 131% to 132%.  That should signal to you that there is a higher ticket size, which is happening, which you would expect because as people get out and travel more they do so, that's higher ticket in general. They do it on credit products, which are higher ticket size. As also there is -- as e-commerce happens, that happens to be higher. So you've seen that come through in the delta on a sequential basis.
Sachin Mehra: Yeah. No, I wouldn't see anything materially different in our U.S. trends than what I just shared globally in terms of what we're seeing from a ticket size standpoint.
Sachin Mehra: Yeah. So in other revenue, we have a bunch of our services revenue would sit there, but there's other stuff going on in that as well. So you've got for example, some of our Vocalink revenues sits in there. The Nets acquisition would sit in there. And so if you're looking at the other revenue growth rate of 30%, remember 9 points of that growth came from acquisitions, which is just basically a lapping effect of the fact that we didn't have those acquisitions last year at this time than we do at this point in time. So on services, services continues to grow very nicely. A large part of that sits in other revenues. Some of it is in transaction processing. But the growth you're seeing in other revenue is being -- is a combination of strong services growth plus some of the acquisitions, which you're seeing come through in that growth rate there.
Sachin Mehra: Yeah. Okay. So I got your question. So look, I mean, in terms of weekly trends, they bounce around. I mean there's so much which goes on in the nature of weekly trends. It varies depending on the month in question. I'm not seeing anything which is highly unusual in terms of what we're sharing with you on our first three weeks of January in terms of weekly trends. But there is volatility week-over-week. And you would expect that to be the case. And sometimes, it's a comp issue as well. So you got to remember that you've got to kind of go back to what you're comparing the comp to and to see if there's differences in growth rates, which is emanating from that. When we look at spend levels, that's kind of generally the case. As it relates to rest of the world versus the U.S., look, the U.S. on a growth rate basis has a tougher comp this year in the first three weeks of January, just by virtue of the fact that we had a whole bunch come in from the economic stimulus last year. Conversely in the rest of the world, particularly in Europe, when you really think about what's going on there, there was a lockdown in Europe which took place last year in January. So you have an easier comp on Europe from a growth rate standpoint. So you have to factor those in when you're looking at the growth rates there.
Sachin Mehra: Yeah, Jason. So I'd say, obviously, we've given you some thoughts around Q1 and for the full year at this point to get you started. We'll talk a little bit more about other quarters as the year progressive. But just stepping back a bit, as we said in our remarks, we expect that cross-border travel recovery will resume as the surge passes. And that will reach the cross-border travel back to the 2019 levels by the end of 2022. Look, we continue to be very active on the deal front. And so that needs to be taken into account. But overall, here's what I would say that the pace of cross-border travel recovery will be a key determinant as to how that cadence plays out. And more to come as we go through the year. I'll share a little bit more about what we think about ensuing quarters. But right now, that's the extent of what I'm going to share with you.
Michael Miebach: Right, thank you, Harshita. So FedNow, we'll have to see when it actually comes live. But broadly speaking, if we go with our experience in other countries, we believe there is, in real time payments lies the real alternative payment solutions. There's demand by government, there's demand by businesses and consumers. The 20022 Standard allows to carry more data. So there's all sorts of reasons why this might make sense. To your question on how participation looks like, yeah, when we bought Vocalink in 2016, I promise I won't take you back five years now. But that was a conscious decision realizing exactly what I just said. And that we want to play and we have to have those alternatives.  If I look at it from a use case perspective, there are some use cases where cards is just simply an excellent answer today. Its ecosystem drives huge value. And there is -- yes, there might be alternatives, but we continue to invest in that and focus on that. At the same time, there's a whole range of use cases where real time payments account-to-account makes a lot more sense than basic ACH or cash. And that's a displacement opportunity that we certainly want to engage in cross-border remittances, bill pay and the likes. I think where our participation and our differentiation comes in, is we have tools across the whole gamut of the payment solutions. That's our multi-rail strategy. We have advanced this quite significantly over the last couple of years to true multi-rail solutions, not like that we have one and the other in parallel. It's one single solution.  If you look at Mastercard Track, that's exactly what it is. You can pay any which way through -- any which way you like through Mastercard Track, but the payment optimization, the security the pricing, the predictability of the Mastercard good is all the same across all of these options. So I see it as a fundamental opportunity to participate in new flows rather than anything else.
Michael Miebach: All right. Thanks, Darrin. So I'll start that off and then maybe Sachin can kick in. So first of all, the secular shift has gotten a real push out of COVID. I mean where we had to spend online. And when I look at that, I think that is a fundamental structural trend, more online commerce, more online banking, more online, everything.  And what has really come out over the last two years that this is a lasting trend. So every bit of consumer research that we do, market research that we do, people will say, I learned to like it. So I'm going to continue to do that. So I think that is an accelerated growth opportunity. And it's a big assumption in our three year long-term guidance that we gave, that we continue to believe that the race towards a more digital economy will be a positive driver for us.  So sustainable growth driver. You see it come through in how we build out acceptance, 19% acceptance growth. We continue to find pockets and opportunities and flows in segments that are just not penetrated with our solutions yet. And so I see the underlying secular growth, I see us show up in more places. I mean I used the term, I think, at the Investor Day, leave no white space. So that is why expanding in payment is pillar one of our strategy.  You pointed to services, now services in a world that is more digital, that throws up more data, in a more digital world, a lot more people need to be safe in that digital world. So our C&I services, our security service solutions. Basically, we can't run fast enough. That has been outperforming. I gave you the growth rate for 2021 and services at 25%, that's for sure, an elevated growth rate and we continue to see that very, very positive. On data and analytics, more data, more people will want to do something with the data. A merchant will understand now that they have more, more merchants are entering into the digital space, how do they find customers in an easy way, how do they retain customers? That's where Dynamic Yield comes in. A perfect tool to really make more of that. And then all of that data in the end will fuel the world of open banking, which is part of our whole new network strategy, the essential and of course, the need for digital identity solutions. So all of that is sustainable.  The catchup opportunity, back to your question, is for sure travel. It is travel, domestic travel has been leading, leisure travel has been leading. Cross-border travel and corporate travel over different curves over time, there's significant catchup opportunity for us. So I think those are the headlines.
Michael Miebach: All right, Sanjay. I'll kick that off. So clearly, there have been learnings and there have been learnings across the whole industry. You may have followed some of the airlines during the earnings season. This whole thought about the time period between a surge, a case surge and how bookings are coming back is narrowing. So the first learning is that consumers just become more adaptable. I said that earlier. It's not just consumers, it's actually businesses, consumers and governments.  Now governments have also learned. And governments have learned in terms of how broad-based social distancing measures and quarantine rules and the likes are. And those are much more targeted these days. As I said, more borders stayed open. When the U.S. opened in November, surges were going on in Europe. And there are no entry hurdles at this point. I said I'm traveling to Europe. There's no really -- there's no hurdle at all. It's just pretty easy to get back. So I think the combination of vaccination rates going up, learnings and governments and so far makes it a much more benign mix to deal with whatever might be coming there. So that is a significant assumption that we took as we looked at the rest of the year. You also see that more routes are being opened, more people want to get out whenever they can. So there's a desire and the ability to go out I think, together, make the kind of right package for us that gets us pretty positive.
Michael Miebach: And I just want to add one more point. So these are some -- I shared some of the macro learnings. Sachin just talked about the upside potential. Now taking both of that, what we have learned from our customers that are active in the travel space is that everybody is of the same opinion, and hence leaning into the travel sector and winning more co-brands, engaging consumers so that they book with our partners versus somebody else, all that is going on. You see the whole range of wins. The JetBlue renewal was one of the more recent one, the Aeroplan launch with Chase, IAG last year, et cetera, et cetera. So there's a lot of learnings by the travel industry themselves on how to engage and really make these co-brands or co-brand programs worthwhile, which we like a lot.
Michael Miebach: All right. Let me start, David with that. So account to account in Europe. When you look over the last years in Europe, it's been relatively slow paced in terms of consumer adoption and rollout. We have invested -- we're heavily invested across that with Aiia on the open banking side of account to account, with Nets, with Vocalink. So we're deep in the space. We like -- generally like what we see in terms of direction. Take up, I think it's -- I would call it pace. So that's the first thing I would say.  Initiatives like EPI, you look at that and say their initial focus is actually on the card side. And they're thinking of account-to-account in the longer run that reflects the same that I just said. So continued significant opportunity for cards in Europe, but we see the long-term growth opportunity in account to account. And we've kind of covered our bases there. And with our open banking investments at our initial use cases there, particularly in the UK, I think we can be pretty optimistic about that. Our partnership with Tesco, with Lloyd's, are looking very positive.  So your question around Amazon, that's fundamentally a question for Visa I would say, and for Amazon. We have seen these kind of negotiations in the public domain now and then over the years, relatively short lived and were resolved. These particular news did not involve us at all. We have a strong and longstanding relationship with Amazon. And we agree that consumer choice matters. That's why we have a multi-rail strategy, and we're going to continue to work with Amazon delivering a whole differentiated set of products. So nothing particularly to worry about from our perspective.
Michael Miebach: All right. Yeah, Ramsey, let me start with the supply chain and touch on Russia quickly. Supply chain pressures are clearly there. You're looking at chip shortages. There's all sorts of things affecting the supply chain. We continue to believe that these are rather short-lived as the supply chain actually bounces out, so that's the first thing I would say. So there's not a huge assumption in our outlook around that. What we've also seen is particularly through the holiday season, pretty significant holiday spending, positive season and people spend what they can spend on. So if they can't buy something, they buy something else. So we've seen shifts in categories. So from that perspective, again, the pent-up demand is an important aspect here.  On Russia, very, very early to tell how this is going to play out. This is certainly—it was one of the points that I referred to earlier, geopolitical uncertainties that we have to keep in focus. We have seen sanctions applied in previous years. And we basically manage through that. We'll have to see what it is. Russia is a substantial and important -- and strategically important market for us. We'll have to see how that plays out.
Michael Miebach: Right. Moshe, excellent question. We see there is clearly an interest of regulators in new forms of payment. Regulators are always keen on security, on data protection, on consumer protection. That is always in focus. We have most recently seen this with an interest in buy now, pay later. UK regulator is doing a consultation. Various regulators have shown interest to regulate the space. In account-to-account, you should expect something similar. We do know that from a Vocalink and Pay by Account in the UK that is very much in focus. And I think it differentiates an established player like us to basically come in. We have very clear data principles. We have -- we don't sell data to anybody. We believe in the consumer -- strong consumer consent, the likes and the likes. All of that is codified in the Mastercard franchise. So a company that goes beyond just being a fintech and providing a connection and getting money from A to B, but doing it in an organized fashion with very clear roles that people sign up that partner with us, I think is going to be a differentiator.
Michael Miebach: Right, Andrew. So definitely a significantly discussed topic, all sorts of views on it. So here's our take. First of all, where it happens, we generally distinguish to look at it first at the macro level, what is happening across a particular market? What's the policymakers’ response? We heard the U.S. policymaker talk about this yesterday. Then there's broader impacts that go beyond our immediate business, wage growth. How does all of this, in the end, affect the consumer's ability to spend? So there's a lot of macro things to consider. On the micro side, it basically is not homogenous. So inflation is affecting our business in a different way than it would be the overall CPI. So if you have inflation expecting rent, while that's generally not running through our rails to a large extent, so that could again be a very different picture. Taking all of that into account, fundamentally, notwithstanding the impact that inflation has, that it could be negative on consumers, on businesses and so forth. There is an impact on GDV if it's moderate inflation that would be showing in our numbers.
Michael Miebach: Yeah. I was hoping the last question would be for me. Anyway so thank you for all your questions. As you see, we’re optimistic with the outlook. We reaffirmed our three year guidance that we gave you in November. I don’t think there’s any need to repeat anything we said. I’d just like to thank you for your support. And as usual, a call out for people that make all this happen. Thank you and speak to you next quarter.
