Michael Miebach: Right. Thanks, Harshita. You're not asking about the secular opportunity. I know the same. So the merchant settlement. So the first thing I would say is we're disappointed where this has landed for now. And I would describe it as we respectfully disagree with the court's ruling to reject the settlement. This has been negotiated over many years across many parties. I think with best intentions, and they would have produced a lot of benefits for consumers, for merchants and across all parties. So this is now not happening. We are obviously ready and we will take all efforts to ensure that a solution is found before it goes to trial, engage our parties. We've done this in previous scenarios before. It's difficult to speculate our outcomes at this point. But I think this intention to lean in and see how we can provide more security predictability to merchants and to banks and our parties here is what's driving us. So there's a number of co-defendants in this, and everybody will obviously take their own decisions here. But across the board, obviously, there has to be a dialogue and we find the best outcome of this.
Michael Miebach: It comes back to the point. In the end, we want to be in the transactional floor. We want to be relevant to our customers. We want to be relevant in the eyes of the consumers that they have a Mastercard product in their hand, and we fight for the deals that we find strategically relevant that also meet our financial criteria. In the end, it all has to add up in combination between payments and services that our net revenue yield develops positively and that we keep in focus.
Michael Miebach: Right, Dan. So as I said earlier, the idea here is to accelerate growth. The idea is not to reposition our strategy. We've articulated our strategy. You'll hear more of that in the investor community meeting in November and how we see that play out in more detail across our core payment solutions, new flows and the services portfolio. I purposefully stated the point on markets with high cash penetration. So here is as I laid out in the context of Africa, but there's more in other emerging markets around the world, there's a tremendous opportunity here. So we want to strengthen our front line. It's also clear that the recipe to participate in the secular opportunity emerging markets isn't the same as in developed markets. So we're investing in product and so forth. It's pretty clear that on the services side, as far as the areas of focus are concerned. We continue to be guided by underlying strong secular trends, and one of that is for really any of our corporate partners and B2B partners that they want to make sense of their enterprise data and make better decisions. And how do we do that? We do that by leveraging our artificial intelligence solutions set of assistance, a set of fine-tuning how they could have more personalized suggestions to their end consumers, et cetera, et cetera. That's one part, help our customers make better decisions, not changing, but very specific solutions with a higher weightage to AI. And then on the security side and the cybersecurity side, all of this data has to be kept safe. We kept saying that for years. That's a strong secular trend in itself, and making sure that we fine-tune our solutions here. We've got to move faster because the bad guys are also moving faster, and they have the similar technology tools at their hand now. So leveraging artificial intelligence, an example I gave last quarter around Decision Intelligence Pro, that's predicting what is the next card that might be frauded. Before it actually happens, those kind of solutions provide significant lift to our customers in terms of preventing fraud obviously giving peace of mind to their consumers and overall helping our business, and it's a close link to our payments underlying payments business. So all of that -- it's largely the same strategy, but we're really focusing on very specific aspects of that, and there are other aspects of our portfolio that we're going to dial down as a result of this effort.
Michael Miebach: Right. So let me start. I want to anchor on what you -- how you framed your question. It's been a strong growth story for us in Europe. That's Continental Europe as well as the U.K. We've seen tremendous share growth there. And that's really focusing down and investing more locally in Europe, have a better presence there, engage with national governments as well as with European institutions, which we feel very European and Europe. That's the first thing I would say. When I come back to the times of COVID, it was -- there was a large set of economies in Europe that were lagging, I would argue on the digitization front, changing behaviors to consumers have increased the pressure to digitize further, and it has happened. So we've seen Europe catch up and obviously shows in our numbers. But back to the point of secular opportunity we just discussed. If you look at the economies in Germany, in Italy, there's significant cash in the higher double digits that we're seeing that and we can go after and we will continue to go after. So I continue to expect a growth opportunity there. But it's also true that there are markets that are so highly digitized today that the secular opportunity in itself is something that from cash to check isn't really happening. And there, you come to the point about what are the emerging business models in a highly digitized world. The Nordics is a good example of that. There's a whole new set of business models coming up, and we're supporting those fintechs which is why Europe is one of the geographies around the world where we have a tremendous position in fintech and other market leaders in those partnerships. So I'm excited about the Europe outlook, and we continue to invest there. Bottom line.
Michael Miebach: Right. And one last point to add on -- based on the financial frame that Sachin just put around it, back to the R&I question. So in Europe, we really feel we are well positioned in the market from a share perspective. So this aspect of financial discipline as we continue to look for deals and partnerships in Europe really rises to the top.
Michael Miebach: Right. And then the second part of your question, the [indiscernible] market in the US and same as Europe since we just talked about, remains incredibly competitive. I think we haven't seen such elevated level of competition and payments that we're currently seeing. You see a lot of movements in the market. There's banks looking at network opportunities and so forth. So there's a lot going on. But it's also true that for us, we continue to broaden our payment solutions and our service offerings. And really, that comes to that part of your question is what matters here. What matters here is that we can help our customers run their business in a better way. So what are they trying to do and our solutions helping data insights, cybersecurity certainly matter. The fact that cards isn't the best answer to all payments, but there is also a multi-rail set of solutions that customers are looking for. We have all of that. So that puts us in a differentiated position. We're trying to not to sell product but really come in with solutions through our sales force. That's working for us, but it's pretty clear. We have to be financially competitive. That always matters. But if you can have a conversation around the top line outcome with your customer vis-a-vis the cost of payments that changes the dialogue quite significantly. So when I talk to CEOs and the customer side, that's what they're really interested in. So that's working. That's a lot of value that we bring, and we price for that. So we continue to price for that. You've heard us mention pricing changes in the last quarter. So we do that wherever we see the opportunity. Tokenization is a great example. We've invested in tokenization and we needed to scale it up. Now we have an opportunity to build a whole set of services on top of the basic token that we can price for and that we feel we should price for because they drive a better outcome in terms of better approval rates, lower fraud and so forth for our customers. So I think we're well positioned in a very competitive market, and we're going to continue to try to keep that edge.
Michael Miebach: Right. Tien-Tsin, good to hear you. 19%, a strong growth rate for sure. The usual suspects in terms of driving for growth is the payments related part of this, particularly on the cybersecurity side. So that continues to grow and grow very well. So there's more need for more fraud solutions. That's one thing. And on the data analytics side, we continue to see great interest, as I laid out in remarks, test and learn, for example. So I'll give you a number of examples how customers are trying to figure out what kind of campaigns make sense, how can they serve their customers better and so forth. So no particular change there. I think the fundamental trend that I touched on earlier in an earlier response, more infusion of AI across the board to make these products scale better and be more effective, that's certainly a trend. Overall, the whole mix of this is largely unchanged. We continue to invest in newer aspects of our services portfolio, particularly in the open banking side. I talked through a couple of use cases here. They still have scale up in a significant way, but we feel we're well positioned in Europe, Australia and the US on the open banking side. So good to see. We said in the first quarter where we had a slightly lower growth rate. We're going to be higher quarter -- every single quarter for the rest of this year, and that is playing out as predicted. So occasionally, you have tougher comps and so forth, but this is a pretty solid trend for us.
Michael Miebach: Right. So interesting, you call that out. I just mentioned that just before. And I said it's not quite where I think most market participants would have wished open banking got to over the years. And that applies, I think, globally. Here in the United States, when I look at open banking with a focus on particular services, a set of actions around account opening or account linking or data aggregation or things like that, we see good momentum. I talked about that earlier. When it comes to payments, the payment side of open banking, it's still true that the value that the card ecosystem brings is significant, and you made a point on chargebacks. That is -- it's not comfortable if there is a problem, and then there is no established way to get your money back. On cards, we do that. The same is for fraud protection. I think we know exactly how that works in the world of card payments. It's not so clear yet in the world of counter account payments. Nevertheless, it's our role as an ecosystem custodian to understand where emerging technologies are going, whereas customer interest going that consumers want to use their data footprint to get better services, well, absolutely. First of all, that starts with data protection and data consent management, which we invest a lot of energy on. But then to say, all right, how could this kind of technology be used. So we do invest in it, which is why we called out open banking as an element of kind of future-oriented activity for us and investment. What we currently see are those use cases that I mentioned, they are the most near-term opportunity. And this is around lending. It's around account Opening, account linking, asset verification, and more recently around data aggregation. Our smart subscription solution is one example of that. That works really well for consumers. If you got 15 subscriptions and you see them in one place and it makes a real difference. So I think it's evolving. It's evolving and we're at the forefront of evolving it, but we're also trying to make sure that it's understood that the value we bring through cards is really unparalleled.
Michael Miebach: Right. So with rapid digitization around the world, we've seen a lot of new entrants into the ecosystem. A lot of small businesses have digitized post-COVID as you see in emerging markets, a lot of people for the first time using digital solutions. So digitalization is growing, vulnerabilities are growing and technology in the hands of fraudsters is also evolving. So this makes for an environment where players like ourselves who oversee an ecosystem, a franchise between banks and merchants and for the benefit of the end consumer need to really invest in safety and security. We've done that. And AI isn't actually anything new for us. So we've -- for the better part of a decade, we've been using AI. This is a discrete machine learning technology to really predict where is the next problem and analyze data of -- that we have and the data that our customers have to prevent fraud. So that's been very successful. As far as generative AI is concerned, evolving technology here, there's obviously an opportunity for us to understand more data in a quicker way. And we have used that initially to you to train our AI models, our discriminative AI models using generative AI to create artificial data set. So that was the first step. And then we went into putting out a new set of products. I mentioned Decision Intelligence. Our Decision Intelligence is that we've had for a long time, machine learning driven that was predicting fraud outcomes and now we're using more data sets to -- that are externally available, stole the card data and so forth to understand where our fraud vulnerabilities might be. The lift is tremendous, 20%, we see in terms of effectiveness out of that product. So we start to see demand for the whole reason on the vulnerabilities that I talked about. So we expect continued growth. We also expect the fraudsters to come up with new techniques themselves, we need to continue to evolve. So I believe that the penetration of generative AI and our fraud and cybersecurity product that will only expand. Now I talked a lot about transaction-related fraud. The vectors around cybersecurity, obviously much broader. It's prediction of fraud. It is what's the general cybersecurity posture of a company, risk recon capabilities and so forth. We try to cover the whole ecosystem and become a true strategic partner of our customers. So if anything, this whole space is going to grow further, and you're going to continue to see us invest in that area.
Michael Miebach: Right. So at the outset of my prepared remarks, I talked about the puts and takes on inflation, on the prices. The bottom line there is that for now, the consumer is supported, and that's pretty much irrelevant of income cohort, is supported by a strong labor market. So that's fundamentally true, and it's fundamentally true around the world. But it's in aggregate, but it's not a uniform answer. The picture obviously plays out very differently country-by-country. We have a very global business. So we look at what is the Central Bank of Japan doing and we saw that today. They raised rates. And then Europe, you see Germany came through with actually a small recession in the past quarter. So there's a lot of back and forth. But that fundamental point that the consumer is supported by a strong labor market and some wage growth. I think that's true, and we don't expect any dramatic changes on that front, and that's why we remain positive about the outlook. You peel the onion a bit further, you look into different cohorts. And it's pretty clear that when it comes to higher income versus lower income, if you spend on an expensive trip or an experiences during the summer, whatever you're trying to do, you have more income, then you can do more of that and you have less income and you can do less of that. What we generally see though as a function of the digital economy. The higher-end consumer, but certainly the mid-income and lower-income consumer is much more empowered, empowered by having more data and the ability to look for a better deal. And that's what everybody is trying to do to make things add up and work for them that they still want to do that trip. So all of that together overall adds up to a picture that we feel pretty good, at least about our side of the business. And why do I say that? Because inflation and prices cut across carded and non-carded. But we are obviously particularly positioned. So you saw that rise. And right now, you see a lot of inflation in auto insurance and rent. That's not necessarily so much carded. So these are all the things that we think through comes back down to the fundamental point in aggregate, we see healthy consumer spending and don't see that changing in the short term.
Michael Miebach: All right. Thanks, Devin. So everybody past, we talked about the momentum and a good quarter. all of this obviously only happens because it takes the hard work of our colleagues at Mastercard, I thank them, and I also want to thank you for your support for Mastercard. We're looking forward to speak to you in a quarter from now and hopefully see some of you at our Investor Day Community Meeting on November 13 in New York. Thank you very much.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. Thanks, Trevor. So you're right. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our rebates and incentives did come in slightly lower than our expectations for the second quarter. I just want to kind of take it up a level, just to kind of remind everybody, we're very active in the markets. We are constantly looking at what opportunities exist with existing customers and then with who could be potential new customers. And we have a view on what our pipeline of activities is. So the vast majority of what we had in the nature of better or, I would say, lower rebates and incentives in the second quarter were driven by some of those -- that deal activity not materializing in the second quarter. It still remains in the pipeline. It's still something we expect will occur as the year progresses. And then more specifically, as it relates to Q3, we expect that our rebates and incentives as a percentage of our payment network assessments will be higher than it was in Q2. And it's essentially based on exactly what I just said, which is it's a very rich deal pipeline that we have. And again, this is more of a timing issue than anything else.
Sachin Mehra: And David, on your question around cross-border in and out of Europe, a couple of thoughts around there. Look, I mean, globally, I would say we're well positioned from a cross-border standpoint. You can see that in our metrics. And then as it relates to Europe, back to what Michael just said, as we've been winning portfolios, there's been a mix of portfolios We've been there, some of which are high cross-border and others are lowered from a cross-border standpoint. The idea is to actually be in the flow, participate and create opportunities for ourselves to actually leverage our services, our loyalty assets in order to drive cross-border, whether it's Europe or anywhere else in the world. Last point I'll make is sensitivity to foreign exchange rates, right? Strong dollar certainly helps in terms of the inbound into Europe because you tend to see a lot more travel from the US actually show up in Europe as part of that process. So again, we feel good about the cross-border opportunity, not only in out of Europe, but globally for the company.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Why don't I take the first part of that question, Darrin. In terms of the trends we've seen for the first four weeks of July, like I said, look, I mean, general stability and drivers across the board. And you can see that on Page 9 of our presentation. And really, I mean, to your question as to whether there was an impact from the events over with CrowdStrike or weather. I mean the reality is the weather piece has a little bit of an impact. That's what I would actually mention. But it's kind of muted in terms of the context that we've got now four weeks' worth of data in there. And so the reality is these things kind of happen, they come a particular week, if you look at it, it might look lower or higher and then there might be a catch-up factor which takes place as we tend to follow. By and large, we feel good about what we're seeing from a consumer spending standpoint, and that's reflective of what you see on the metrics right here.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, David. So look, I mean, it's like I said, right, it's been driven by favorable mix and a little bit of pricing in the second quarter. The reality is that the mix piece is really what's been actually causing that positive divergence you're talking about. As you are aware, our cross-border volumes are -- and we show you the metrics on this. We have intra-Europe cross-border and then we have other cross-border. Intra-Europe is lower yielding, other cross-border is high yielding for us. And so as you think about this, if the other cross-border volumes are growing at a faster pace than intra-Europe, you tend to see that positive divergence. I'll remind you, during COVID, we actually had the reverse phenomenon take place. We had intra-Europe growing faster than other cross-border and you actually had the reverse happening, which is you had cross-border assessment is growing at a slower clip than the actual underlying driver growth. So that's really what we mean by mix there. And then, of course, there's a pricing which we do back to the point Michael was making around the value we deliver, which is another contributing factor in the second quarter.
Sachin Mehra: So I'll take -- I think there are three questions there. So I'm going to take all three of them, which is -- on domestic assessments, it's -- the delta you're seeing in terms of domestic assessment is growing at 7% compared to GDP growing at 9%, and is primarily being driven by mix. I need to remind everybody that GDV and domestic assessments is not a perfect proxy, just because in domestic assessments, there's a whole bunch of other stuff which is there. You've got card fees. You've got a bunch of stuff going on in there. So there's always going to be some level of kind of difference in terms of growth rates there. But what we like to call out is what are the salient features or factors which are causing for that -- for the different growth rates between domestic assessments and GDV growth. And when I talk about mix there, just so that you're clear, I mean, the mix could come from a whole host of things. So for example, our GDV includes our cross-border volumes. Our domestic assessments do not include our cross-border-related revenues. And so what you've got is with GDV growing you don't have the associated cross-border revenue, which is there, which would come in terms of domestic assessments. You could also have changes in geographic mix. You've got high-yielding and lower-yielding regions and depending on the growth rate of regions, you might see deltas come to the positive or the negative there. So that, Sanjay, is the domestic assessment piece. On the other payment network revenues, again, look, I mean, this is not something which we are necessarily focused on as a business. That is -- it's one of the things which is required to run the network. It's a range of things from licensing fees, implementation fees, franchise fees, things of that sort. And those things move around. So I wouldn't get too fussed about the fact that in one quarter, it grows at an exceptional pace in the next quarter is actually going the opposite direction. Just because, first, the number is fairly small. And second, it's -- there's a whole host of reasons why that might happen. For example, as customers get more compliant, you might have less than the nature of compliance fees that you're charging them. So that's a good thing for the network, by the way, over the long term. And then the last point you asked, actually the first question you asked, which was around share gain benefits in the quarter -- the one I called out really was around the debit conversion in the US And we have previously announced this. We announced our win of the debit portfolio from citizens. We are super pleased with our relationship with citizens. That conversion is going exceptionally well. That conversion for the most part was complete in the second quarter. So we had new [ costs ] which were sent out to customers. So there's a little bit of that, which is there. Again, but what I wanted to share was that when we're looking at drivers, right, between Q2 and the first four weeks of July, or for that matter between Q1 and Q2. When you take out the impact of these share wins, there's still underlying stability in terms of consumer spending trends. On share gains, just so that you've got the overall picture, right? So we've talked a little bit about systems. We had the Webster win. You've got a whole bunch of stuff which will roll on, and those will be multiyear kind of conversions, which will come through. In particular, I'd call out UniCredit. So in UniCredit, we had announced this deal win in 2023. While that conversion is underway. That will be over a multiyear kind of time frame again. Deutsche Bank, again, the conversion is underway. It will take a couple of years before you actually start to set of completion of that. So all of these things will play out over time.
Sachin Mehra: Dan, yes, last quarter, I shared with you a point of view around what we thought rebates and incentives would look like in the second quarter. And what we had said is it would be flat to slightly lower for the second quarter. And in the second quarter, rebates and incentives came in lower than the first quarter, lower than even what we had expected for the reasons which I mentioned earlier, which is the timing of deal activity. And then today, I shared with you what I think will be rebates and incentives in the third quarter, which we expect that rebates and incentives as a percentage of payment network assessments will be higher in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. We really haven't shared much on nature of rebates and incentives beyond that. So really just for clarification, that's what I want to share with you.
Sachin Mehra: So a couple of thoughts here for you, which is, number one, I think we mentioned in the past and this philosophy of ours remains unchanged, which is we aspire to deliver positive operating leverage, which is showing -- driving net revenue growth at a faster clip than operating expense growth over the long term. So that's really what the aspiration is for how we're running the business. The most important thing to remember is we're running the business for top line growth and bottom line growth. And in order to do that, we keep a very close eye on making investments to drive growth in the near term, medium term and long term. So yes, we are investing in things which will drive growth in the near, medium and long term. That is super essential from our perspective, not only because that's what our shareholders desire, but also because we believe the set of opportunities in front of us are sizable. And so for us to leave those opportunities underinvested would be a bad move for the long-term health of our company. So we will continue to invest in the business. We will do that with the strategic priorities, which Michael has laid out. With that focus, we will constantly look at those priorities to see how the market conditions are evolving, and we will pivot as necessary. But the general kind of flow is, yes, we will continue to invest in the growth of our business because we see tremendous opportunity on a going-forward basis.
Sachin Mehra: And Andrew, I'll just add one point, and Michael touched on this before, which is at the end of the day, our diversified business model lends really well in different environments because at the end of the day, right, we are geographically diversified. We've got great diversification across debit and credit. We've got good diversification around channels of spend. So the reality is when these puts and takes take place in certain sectors of the economy, a dollar spent on one sector versus the dollar spent on the other sector, we're relatively indifferent so long as it's got to spend. And that diversification really helps our business the way we are actually structured, which has not happened by chat. It's happened by design. And so that's something which is super important for us.
