Ajay Banga: Yeah. Hi, Craig. So a little bit about both. The second one is a more transactional question and I can tell you that places like Turkey and other such locations, there's no doubt that the impact of some of this activity in terrorism does impact what's going on there. Our cross-border growth to Turkey is down significantly compared to last year. Cardholders from Germany, Russia, Sweden and the US are not traveling there with the same level of frequency as they were clearly. We're also closely watching travel to other markets, France and so on. Interestingly, in the UK, we're actually seeing an increase of inbound cross-border spend. So it's kind of bouncing around but specifically in a couple of countries that got impacted by terrorism, there's no doubt that it causes some angst in cross-border trends. Having said that, remember what Martina said, right now, our cross-border volumes for the first few weeks of this quarter, it's only a few weeks, are up compared to where we were last quarter. And in fact, Europe is one of the contributors to that being up. So the part about Visa and PayPal. I've said this a few times to a number of you when I've met you. Back in June of 2013, we had implemented a new approach to digital wallet operators that applied to all staged wallets, and by the way not just PayPal, so I want you to understand that, with the intent of bringing consistency and transparency to the system. Transactions should flow through with clear data flowing through. The brand of the bank and the network should be visible to the consumer and the merchant. There were many reasons for us to be thoughtful about that digital wallet operator principles. We're still exactly where we were with those principals, and I think what I'm really pleased to see through a constructive dialogue with Dan Schulman and his management team at PayPal, that PayPal is actually working to resolve some of those concerns we all had around the lack of transparency around these staged wallets as well as ACH clearing. And that's what you saw in the announcement that he and Charlie made a few days ago. And if you heard Dan mention on his earnings call, they're in discussions other than the payment space to work with similar concepts or somewhat different but in the same space. We've worked with PayPal for many years. We have a good working relationship with them on a wide range of opportunities. I just told you we just renewed our credit cobrand portfolio with them, in fact yesterday. And so that gives you a sense of the manner in which PayPal is trying to work with the industry. I think this is actually a good thing for PayPal and for the industry, because at the end of the day, providing consumers the ability of having seamless, simple ways of paying is good for all of us. Everything's better than letting them use cash, and that's where we're all headed.
Ajay Banga: No, actually that's a tactical problem that actually at the end of the day creates costs and implications for solving for the way chip cards work in China and Chinese chip cards work outside of China. It's solvable. It's not the best thing to do but it's solvable. What I'm referring to is that they recently, in their policy regarding the opening up of the market for people like us to come in, they put in a couple of clauses around complying with their new national security and cyber security policy. The little challenges of the new national security and cyber security policy has not yet actually been passed into a form that is visible to us in a document that we can say, okay, got it, got it, got it, do this, do that, we're okay. It's not in that form. So we're a little bit of in-between territory, between understanding that they want to have a thoughtful national security and cyber security policy, which they're entitled to, but we don't understand the implications for us in terms of operating a network on the ground. So whether we operate with our own license or we operate in a JV with somebody else or we do some other creative thinking around this will all depend on clarity of these kinds of elements that they've put into the policy they've recently announced. That's what we're trying to sort out. Meanwhile, there's a lot of stuff to do for us in China. We are continuing work on issuance, continuing work on building out acceptance, where we've been continuing some work on basic technology development so that when we get clarity on this, and Martina and I are confident we understand what we're signing up for, then we can move forward relatively quickly from that space. So it's kind of one of those in-between spaces.
Ajay Banga: Well, if you heard us saying we're going up and the other ones are reducing, that's just the differential impact for both of us. So I don't know how to comment on that one. I'm not saying that you're getting a great change in underlying consumer secular spending towards debit. Don't conclude that. In fact, that's not at all what we are talking about. This is all to do with PIN routing and working on PIN transactions. And as I think I've told you a couple of calls ago, maybe a few before that, this stuff will move around a little bit and bounce around as merchants move the different routing in their routing tables depending on what's working for them. And it's not just about pricing. It's also about speed of approval. It's about many different things that they look at. Most of the bigger merchants have a very sophisticated and quite thoughtful way of deciding their routing tables, and we keep working with them. And so some quarters are better, some quarters are a little less good. What you're seeing currently is a better period.
Ajay Banga: Just one extra comment on pricing, and I know your question was about two specific line items in the thing, but overall for us in the second quarter, pricing contributed a little less than 1 percentage point to our net revenue growth. And that's kind of just so you know the whole picture.
Ajay Banga: And your question on VocaLink, I think you should remember like I said, VocaLink is not about competing with Visa Europe, by the way. VocaLink is about us wanting to be real players in every aspect of electronic payments and the way they're developing. And the reality is that today, across the world, 50% of payments, not just retail, are ACH. But within that, what's really interesting is the opportunity to grow Fast ACH, and VocaLink is one of the few players that has not only an outstanding Fast ACH platform implemented in the UK, but also implemented in other countries and most of ACH tends to be local. VocaLink's demonstrated an ability to take that Fast ACH platform and make it globally adaptable. And you can imagine the possibilities of that over the next decade. So I really want you to think about us doing the VocaLink transaction, if it all works out, once we're through all the regulatory steps, our strategic intent is to play across all aspects of these payment rails for individual consumer-to-merchant payments but also B2B, P2P and government payment flows. And that's how we see our footprint growing over the years.
Ajay Banga: So I don't have any indigestion right now, just to be clear. We've been digesting the other ones in the past, and it's actually helped us build out a lot of capabilities. You know, it's not a coincidence that our other revenue line is growing at the rate it's been growing for quite a few quarters. It's not a coincidence. And remember, after a year when you anniversary an acquisition, it comes into the base. After two years, the entire P&L comes into our base. So we're quite disciplined about tracking ourselves against it. Some of the acquisitions do better than what we thought we could do with them. Some of them don't do as well. That's just the reality of what we're trying to go through. But in the process, we've built out a decent capability in data analytics and information services. We've added to our capability in loyalty and rewards. We've added to our capability in technology and connectivity for e-commerce and gateways, as well as to connect to bank accounts around the world, even before the VocaLink acquisition. So that's kind of what we're trying to do. I honestly, at any point of time in any quarter, I think Martina and her team are working on a number of possible acquisitions. What tends to happen is 2%, 5%, 6% of them show up at any level of second level analysis. By the time we are done, one out of many gets done. So it's tough for me to tell you that I have two next quarter or three in the fifth quarter, I'm not going to do all that. I am just focused on, first of all, getting the ones we're already doing to keep doing well. Second, we've got to work really hard between now and the next few months to get the VocaLink acquisition through all of the processes of regulatory approval and get our company to be an excellent player in the ACH and Fast ACH game, first with a responsibility to the UK, because we are going to be a large player there in terms of this, but also with the ability to see how we take it elsewhere. You know, our priorities remain in the area of loyalty and rewards, in the area of data analytics and information services, in the area of safety and security. At some degree, all of this depends on us being able to see more transactions, to be able to see and handle and touch more transactions. Processing access are very helpful in that space, so we tend to play through these as we go along. And I, you know honestly, I think Martina has done great working with me because she's looking at a few deals all the time. This is probably not a great sartorial comment but that's true.
Ajay Banga: And just to add to what I said to Sanjay a little while ago on services, why does this all matter to us. Of course there's a revenue impact in the beginning of new process, more transactions, but the most important thing is all our services are built off our core payments capability. We're not building services that don't connect back to our core payments. Those core payments require us to be able to see transactions, whether it be debit, credit, prepaid or commercial transactions. That's why VocaLink is also important. The more we see transactions, the more we can do with them, and the more we can help build yet another strong revenue stream for this company for the next decade. That's kind of what we're trying to do.
Ajay Banga: So the last one first. I can tell you that I'm not clear that I understand enough about what exclusivity Visa signed with PayPal, because we're not encountering any difficulty while talking to PayPal in that space. So I don't know exactly what the nature of that exclusivity is. You got to ask PayPal or Visa, because I'm pretty clear that we've got enough good conversations going on, not just now but for a little while. Obviously there's stress between these conversations, right. I mean, our digital wallet operator rules, when they went into place in 2013 were not replicated by others. Ours were. We made our position clear at that time that we wanted to have a clear, transparent, fair methodology in this digital wallet development. It's been sometimes good, sometimes stressful, but constructive. And my view always has been that it if PayPal wants to, or anybody else like that, a digital wallet operator wants to use to our rails of credit and debit to be able to build their own model, then they can't just use our rails when it suits them, and use another rail to go around us and the banks when it suits them. There's got to be a more constructive partnership. So yes, we have a constructive partnership on cobranded cards that, yes we do. We've had it earlier. We've renewed it again literally yesterday. So that tells you that that partnership has depth beyond one signature or one contract with somebody or the other. But also we've all been discussing the whole aspect of how does digital wallet operator systems work. Now, if PayPal's methodology of operation from what I've learned from their announcements of Visa, if they reflect what our digital wallet operator policies put into place, oh yeah, then any fee they make from them will go away because the fee is not meant to be there if they're doing what's in the policy. But I can tell you that that fee is de minimis. We are not trying to use a fee to get them to change their policy. The fee was used to manage through all the difficulties that their policies were creating in terms of data and transaction management. So let's just be clear about what this is all about. This is not about forcing them to do anything. This is about our perspective of how the marketplace should develop, transparently and openly to merchants, to consumers, to banks, to PayPal and to all of us. That's what we're trying to build. So I think it's a constructive dialogue. I think PayPal is very much a part of that dialogue. And this could all end up in a good way for the industry as a whole, for banks, as well as for networks, as well as for PayPal. But will there be changes in the dynamics of the economics for a bank versus a network versus a PayPal? Everything to do with digital changes those economics. But that doesn't mean they're bad. It's just taking out other transactions and growing in volume as well. So I have a sort of generally positive view about where this is going.
Ajay Banga: I'm not saying there aren't – and by the way, I'm not saying there aren't hurdles along the way, there aren't roadblocks along the way. Remember, we've been talking with them for two, three years. We don't yet have an announcement to tell you of the kind of transaction that Visa has. So everybody has their own ways of approaching transactions and has their own competitive dynamic and their own way of thinking about where the strategy is going. That's actually okay in an open, competitive market. It's a good thing.
Ajay Banga: So yeah. Let me take the second question first, that way I remember it better. So the second question, honestly, litigation is complicated enough without trying to broaden things. When you already have an agreement between tens of banks, Visa, MasterCard, tons of people at the other end, it doesn't pay to start broadening things. Who knows how this will go? I can't predict because there's other players who all have to come to an agreement. But we'll see. I think we made real progress and we had actually a good deal on the ground, which a previous judge signed off on. But you know what, courts decide what they do. And while we could be disappointed, we've got to abide by it. So we're going to find our way through that working with other folks. I don't think I can tell you which way that'll get resolved. I wouldn't even like to speculate on that. The part about PayPal, I want to make sure you guys don't get focused on some staged wallet fee because that's actually not what this is about. The fee is de minimis. This not a large fee, either for us or for PayPal, by the way. That's not what this is about. It's about a set of rules and policies around what the digital wallet operator rules are. That's what this is. And could PayPal comply with those rules without some master agreement with us? Yeah, they could. But we already have agreements with them on a number of things, and they're not the only digital wallet operator out there who wants to work closer with banks and networks and merchants. My view of this is, if we can collaborate together, if we can make this easier for a consumer in the process and for a merchant in the process, that's a good thing. We should be doing it.
Ajay Banga: Okay, guys. Thank you for all your questions and I'll leave with you just a couple of closing thoughts where I started. Our business continues to perform well. You see that reflected in our strong transaction and revenue growth. We're executing well against that digital strategy. Our services are continuing to help us differentiate and win new deals. We hope that many of you can join us at our upcoming Investor Day in New York. I think we'll be able to show you the opportunity to hear about our strategic focus areas, but also most importantly, give you a chance to experience the various spheres we're working to create a better consumer experience and shift the future of payments, give you a chance to touch and feel what we are up to. Thank you for your continued support of the company. Thank you for joining us today.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah and having said that, when you look at our three weeks July numbers, where I said that the US transactions are actually up by 6 PPT, actually what is happening is that we have more of an opportunity to actually get routing for merchants because we happen to be now on more cards.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah so, Darrin, I mean we said in the cross-border line as well as in the processed transaction line and those fee lines that we had some pricing actions. And it really was what I would call moving around the deck chairs in a number of countries, which allowed us net-net to take some price. In terms of actually anniversarying those kind of prices, about 50% of those actions have anniversaried now with the second quarter, and the other 50% of those actions will be anniversarying by next year. And by the way, this is nothing different than what we had called out in the last quarter. So this is just the normal run rate that happens from time to time.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, it's very, very early, okay. They just about closed the transaction, and having said that, we obviously have prepared our group and our sales teams to make absolutely sure that we are with our clients and that we do all of the actions that we need necessary. But it's extremely early. You see that Europe is actually growing still very nicely in the mid teens from a volume point of view. So I don't think we have anything to add at this point.
Martina Hund-Mejean: It's including, Chris, including. When you look all of the volume, the GDV volume in Europe, it's still in the mid teens range.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So first of all, when you look at our overall pricing in Europe versus Visa Europe, you are absolutely right that our pricing is higher when you look at it all accumulated together. It's not quite at the level where our global pricing is. It's lower because, as you know, in every geography and in the country, it depends in terms of whether we just were to be able to license our brand so that we get the volume assessment and whether or not we actually get to see the transaction from a processing point of view. All of you guys know in Europe we process about 40% of our transactions only. And lastly, in terms of what kind of services we are actually delivering to the client, when you look at the largest client, I have to believe that we have very similar pricing to Visa. It might be different in terms of when you look at the medium and then the smaller clients. Now having said that, what Javier [Perez] and his team have done in a really great way is using the global capability of MasterCard with all the products and services that we have around the globe, to be bringing that in a seamless fashion to our European clients. And that's what they really like to see, right. And this is what did not happen with our competitor, given that there were two different companies and given that we are generally the smaller company. I always have to say that we have to put more points on the board. That means we have to rise higher in order to make sure that the customer gets that differentiated product and service that they're seeking in order to basically address their pain points and have fantastic products for their consumers. That's how our team is winning every day in the market.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well listen, there are kind of three factors that are contributing to the deceleration on the growth rates for the second half, which would land us pretty much in the same place, as I've said at the beginning of the year, which is the low double digit number. The first one is we have anniversaried the acquisition of APT. Right, and we said all along that was about 1 percentage point. So that is going to come out. Secondly yes, we do have on the USAA credit portfolio, it's rolling off very fast, okay. So we will have a more significant impact in the third as well as in the fourth quarter. And then thirdly, you just heard us that we actually renewed American Airlines and starting with the third quarter, we will have more rebates and incentives coming into that line item.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, Jim, I do have to say, and I just came back from another trip in Europe, there have been quite a bit of changes on the merchant acceptance landscape because of the lower interchange fees. And as you might remember all during the last couple of years leading up to the changes that came in last December of 2015, we were hoping that that would actually change the view of some of the merchants to be able, or be wanting to accept card payments, because quite frankly, no card payments are a heck of a lot cheaper than what you have to do with cash, right. And so we're seeing fairly large-scale changes coming through with some very large merchants, so that's what we're seeing first. So for instance, a grocery store like ALDI, which is a very a gruffy discount store – they don't even have shelves in their store – you grab actually goods out of the boxes that they just rip open. They finally are actually opening or have opened card payments. And there are a number of those large retailers who are now willing to do it. And we see it pretty much in every European country. What we haven't seen yet as much as movement is on the smaller merchants, and that's obviously where there's a lot of work that we still have to do. And we're hoping that that will continue to allow us to change the secular trend in Europe which, outside of the UK, right, in the UK a lot is already electronic side, but in the rest of the Europe, in the Continent, I always call it that this is still an emerging country for us. That will help us on the secular trend from cash and check to electronic forms of payments and will help our numbers over time.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah. So I think that all of these changes in the regulation actually do help us over time to be doing more processing in Europe. As I just said to a prior question, is we do about 40% of MasterCard's transactions in Europe being processed by our own network. Now, with the separation of the scheme and the switching unit, our processing unit, that processing unit is actually free to go in a differentiated way to the market and to be hopefully getting even more switching opportunity from all of the local players, be it the banks or be it the merchants, and I think the merchant routing rules just play into that. Just remember, when you go back to SEPA, that was implemented back in January 1, 2008. It opened the kimono a little bit, and we were able to move our processed transactions from I think, Barbara, it was in the mid teens or low, mid, no mid 20s, I think low 20s.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Something like that, going up to the 40% range. I think this is just the next click from a regulatory point of view, which allows us to work with those kind of companies to move up more from a transaction basis.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay. So from an other revenue point of view, you do have the APT acquisition in there. Most of the revenues for the APT acquisition is actually in that particular line item. But I did call out actually not only APT, I called out Advisors. So we actually had a really nice increase in revenue from an Advisors, and this is in our consulting business. And then secondly, I also called out our safety and security products, which are our fraud products and also that had a really nice increase.
Martina Hund-Mejean: First of all, I'm not going to give you individual line items, but I have said over the last few quarters that these services businesses are starting to produce the kind of growth as our core business. And actually, when you look at these line items, they're producing a little bit higher than our core businesses. So you should be seeing that continuing in some fashion.
