Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Tanya. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. We hope you are all safe and sound. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I’d like to remind everyone that today’s call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I’ll turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Warren Kneeshaw: Craig, you just dropped off. Can you still hear us? I’ll just rephrase the question in the hopes that you’re still on. [Technical Difficulty].
Warren Kneeshaw: Yes. I’m sorry. We couldn’t get that. Just hold on a sec. We’re just trying to switch over the lines. This is Warren. There’s a problem with the operator’s line. AT&T is working it. We are just going to pause for a moment. So, if you could just bear with us. [Technical Difficulty]
Warren Kneeshaw: We’re going to go to about 10 after 10:00, if you can stick with us just to take a few more questions.
Michael Miebach: Okay. We’re working on it. Yes, we’re just working on it. Let me try and take that so I can – [Technical Difficulty] a question on what the impact of the [Technical Difficulty] A couple of things [Technical Difficulty]. There is no change in our pricing either. Specifically on your question on payment [Technical Difficulty] once the transaction ended on the 31st of December of last year, the UK effectively became subject to the same interchange [Technical Difficulty] any other non-EU countries as agreed with the European Commission. And recognizing the prevailing pandemic, what we did is we set the timing of the change we commenced in October of 2021. We are very aware of the challenges which are being faced by retailers, businesses and people [Technical Difficulty] this pandemic. And we continue to view the timing of the implementation of this position as we go forward -- look forward for this year.
Michael Miebach: Good. And on the central bank digital currency front, Ramsey, so here’s multiple ways that Mastercard can be helpful. As I was saying earlier, first of all, we are engaging with governments all around the world, really, first on a basis to find out what is the path forward when it comes to modernizing the payment stack on a given country. So is it the right tool for the job? And the conclusion is, it is the right tool for the job and then we will certainly partner, but I would also say that you will find situations where real-time payment is a better answer because it just happens to exist already, and it lives in the existing financial infrastructure. But let’s come back to CBDCs. We have a few principles that we put out into the market and which I’m happy to see is shared by most leading central banks around the world, and that is that you start off with recognizing there’s different roles between a central bank and a private sector bank. You don’t -- you want your lender of last resort. You want, so to say, the mining of the currency in any one of the private sector to bring utility to the currency for consumers or for businesses and so forth, so a 2-tier approach. And our partnership is with both sectors in this case. Private sector to say what utility could be brought? What’s the functionality that makes a difference, let’s say, when you want to pay with a cryptocurrency in a store. And here, that is where we bring to bear our acceptance network, for example. So the IP that we have that links the cryptocurrency that’s trading on our network is a very tangible example of what we could do. Then you think about other aspects here is that it’s generally the last-mile question. It is also consumer protection. It is transparency. It is business models around that. And it is using fundamentally the nature of the distributed ledger technology that is put to use here. And if you could imagine a world where there’s a bunch of smart contracts riding on a government-issued CBDC, and that is very similar to what we do in terms of applications in the real-time space, all what we do with debit and credit in the card space, underlying set of rails which we participate in and then we help bring utility across governments and private sector. That’s the play. Early stages, but we will support. And we today only carry CF currency in our network. And when this makes its way, then we’ll carry CBDCs in our network.
Michael Miebach: Yes. So let me take the first part of the question and then Sachin can talk a little bit more about the pipeline and so forth. Now this big win, NatWest, but then looking at the other strategic relationship with Walgreens, Deutsche Bank, if I look at some of the aspects that recently driven or wins, these ones specifically but broader -- the broader portfolio, it is our capabilities across one set of rails. You heard me talk earlier about it. We’re going to want to co-innovate with NatWest on multiple payment rails. So certainly a differentiated capability matters, particularly in Europe, where the rival of real-time payment is absolutely real. Then you think about aspects in these markets, there is -- open banking is a little more pronounced than in other markets. So again, it’s an additional capability that’s a differentiator that we have with open banking connect in Europe. You look into digital-first capabilities. So again, something that played out over the last 2 years in Europe. So I would summarize it, Tien-tsin, as innovation. Certainly, pricing and all that matters. But the fact that there is something else that we can bring to the party and our solution selling approach brings it all together across services, multi-rail and what we do in our core business. So I think that’s generally the story. And how that’s changing to, let’s say, 2 years ago? Well, multi-rail, with the Canada venue just saw it, we’re growing our reach if something that is matters in so many more markets today. So we’re just advancing the strategy, and then we can bring it all to bear in a case like this.
Michael Miebach: Yes. And just one point to add then. What we’ve seen in previous challenged periods in terms of economic outlook, there is -- in a downturn, debit is all generally preferred. And the main reason for that is people really want to spend the money that they have and avoid taking on extra burden in terms of additional debt. So this is a normal pattern that we have seen and it plays out in a way that Sachin just talked about.
Michael Miebach: Just an aspect to add here. And that is that there’s distinction between personal travel and corporate travel. We’ve seen it in the summer, this past summer 2020. The reaction, once consumer confidence increases, turned right up into travel increasing because people want to get on with their lives. They want to see their friends, their families and whatever. So the reaction of personal travel, too, driven by consumer confidence, which will in turn be driven by the vaccine rollout Sachin just talked about, I think, was going to be relatively near term. Corporate travel, that will take longer. Video tools, we should have actually used the video tool today maybe. You just see that, that is an additional way of getting together. Yes, people want to see their customers. How that will play out, we don’t exactly know. But back to personal travel, that is a significant majority of our travel portfolio. And all the wins that we had recently, they’re going to kick at this time. So medium term, we’re encouraged.
Michael Miebach: All right. And Darrin, on the questions on the trends, what makes the trends? That’s like -- that’s the key question here. Certainly, we started a digitization trend that’s been around for years, accelerate dramatically. I think it’s fair to say that years have been compressed into months. So what part of that will stick? When I look at what we’re going to see as structural changes, as sticking trends, I fundamentally believe that e-commerce is not going to revert back to what it was. So no back to quarter 4 2019. I think the general attitude towards cash is going to remain more negative than before. The surveys that we’ve done every single month since April of last year is telling us that consumers -- broadly speaking, 60% of consumers have a somewhat more negative attitude towards cash now, and we don’t think that will change. 70% of consumers, they’re going to do more digital banking, more online purchasing and more contactless. So I think that will just remain. As I said earlier in my prepared remarks, once you can venture out there and social distancing measures are relaxed, people will want to go and shop in their stores, in their local community, support the local restaurant, whatever it is. But the good experience, as people started to appreciate and learn online, that will not go away. So the good thing is we’ll have 2 legs to stand on with our business. We’ll benefit from both of them. Other structural trends that I see is more digital transactions, more data, more desire to understand the data. Data Insights, our service portfolio is on point for that. The same as more digital transactions, larger cyber footprint, potentially more risks. And a bunch of new businesses coming online that have been brick-and-mortar only, that’s an opportunity for us from a cybersecurity perspective. And then there’s a whole cross-border [indiscernible] digitizing supply chains, B2B. I would say that’s the other structural change that people take away from the pandemic.
Michael Miebach: Yes. That’s a pretty broad question, Lisa. So let me tick the first part of it, and then Sachin can talk around the economics and the business all behind that. Broadly speaking, the way we look at open banking is, it’s adding data transmission capabilities as well as an additional set of transaction rails. We can initiate payments through open banking, permission API connections. We can do that. But we also can just verify assets or help in credit decisioning. So it’s a wide range of use cases, and we’re pretty agnostic what they are. We’re quite happy to initiate payments directly through reassigned payment rails but also the combination of a market where there is real-time payment infrastructure. There is an open banking regulation as in Europe. The fact that we have a strong position in both allows us to leverage the combination of that quite effectively. That is one of the things that Tesco does with us. The proposition that Tesco is offering is you pay your credit card very simply through an open banking connection, leveraging the real-time payment rails. That’s check, check, check, and it’s a good combination for us. Overall, where is this going to go? I see it as an additional leg in our multi-rail strategy. So one link into Mastercard. You want to pay through an open banking trend link, you want to pay through real-time payments, you want to pay through cards, whatever it is, one thing is through Mastercard. That’s the overall strategy. Finicity helps us clearly in the United States. But as I said before, these use cases that they have on asset verification and on credit decisioning, they are so in demand at this point in time. Taking them to Europe as quickly as possible will matter. Now Sachin can help you unravel some of these business models behind that.
Michael Miebach: Yes. But broadly speaking, I think fair to say we are agnostic. It’s about choice. If the market want to go the one way, then the market will go one way and we’ll partner it. And otherwise, it goes a different way, we’ll partner it.
Michael Miebach: And Tim, back to my earlier comments around structural changes, B2B and supply chain. A big part of the supply chain insight that people have just gained over the last 9 months is that there’s dependency on parts of the supply chain cross-border that they want to digitize and this -- so they can be more flexible to change suppliers in future scenarios. Now here, we come in with Transfast. We come in with our announced acquisition of HomeSend, the combination of all of that. And then you take this multi-rail capabilities, picture this in the context of Track, where there’s a data switch, all the data that you want alongside with your B2B transaction is coming along and you choose whichever way you want to send it. Use case of like remittances by our supplier payments, which make up about $110 trillion of global flows. Significant opportunities for us, we got the assets in place.
Michael Miebach: Yes. Don, that’s a good question to round this call off, I think a very, very wide-ranging question. You have a lot of elements that you put in there. So let me go at this from a couple of perspectives. The first is our focus, just want to run you was, these are partners, these are customers, and we have strong relationships with all of them. Amazon, Facebook, Apple, you name it. And just think about the Apple Card as an example there. When you then look forward, you look at where is the world going in terms of different rails, in terms of emerging technologies, in terms of 5G. So there’s a lot of change from a technology side in our ecosystem and here’s big tech players. But what I’m finding is that our specialist role here and our focus specific on payment technology makes us a very relevant partner. Most of these companies are oriented and focused on delivering a particularly good consumer experience, digital user experience to their customer base, trying to keep customers in their ecosystem, whatever they might be doing, if they’re a social network or something like that. And we stand the role of being the payments partner. That is a model of interaction that I think will continue to evolve. Some of these players do have payment aspirations. And Don, that’s where your question is going. But then you look at our services portfolio. You look at our capabilities like card-on-file tokenization and so forth. We help them with our services portfolio while they create quite a nice consumer front-end experience. The xPays is a good example for that. And as long as there’s choice and underlying payment tools, we’re quite happy to partner because it drives the overall digital, the acceleration of the digital trend. In terms of change in political regime and the incoming administration and the view on big tech, that is for them to comment on. Basically, we’re guided by our partnership. We’re going to lean in and continue to drive our business. Overall, otherwise, it’s early days. We have a great dialogue with the incoming administration. They’re interested in payments which we generally like. This is, by the way, the trend around the world. Governments interested in payments is critical national infrastructure, and we engage in that dialogue, topics of cybersecurity and data principles where we’re all a leading voice and that’s how we engage.
Michael Miebach: Yes. My blood pressure is slowly coming down again after this little hump earlier. No, thank you for the questions. Really appreciate the interest and the dialogue. Don’t want to repeat anything. Just -- I have to go back one more time to 2020. That was a challenging year for the industry. That was certainly something that made us -- needed us to be as agile as we could possibly be. And I just want to comment again that our employees really stepped up and allowed us to close out the year on this positive trajectory. Now we said on a number of occasions throughout this call here, we’re optimistic about COVID recovery, really in the light of the vaccine being deployed. We’re optimistic about cross-border coming back driven by the exact same point. So in the near term, there’s optimism. In the very, very long term, there is optimism. I want to make one more point. All of this is great from an economic perspective and a performance perspective. What is equally important is that we do the right thing for communities and for our planet. And this week, I’m really proud and so many people at Mastercard are as we put out our net zero commitment. And that is just the last thought I want to leave you with that. With that, looking forward to speaking to you with less technical issues in a quarter from now. Thank you very much.
Sachin Mehra: Ramsey, it’s Sachin. I’ll take the first question. So, to your question, what we are seeing in the first three weeks of January is better performance in the U.S., and we are attributing that primarily to the impact of stimulus. Obviously, there’s several factors which go into overall spending trends, but this definitely does play a part. And we are seeing that come through. In terms of spend levels in the U.S. in the first 3 weeks as well as from a mixed standpoint, what we’re seeing as being more weighted to a debit in terms of what we’re seeing in the U.S.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. And Tien-tsin, I’ll just add. Michael touched upon the point around the power of the services capabilities that we bring. And you’ve heard this over the last, I don’t know how many quarters. The wins we’re having are very much supported by the strength of our services capabilities. It makes a real difference when we can walk in and talk with customers about how we can help them grow their top line and manage their expense base as it relates to fraud and things like that, which become more of a partnership discussion than a vendor relationship. And that’s been a key enabler as to helping us win. And that carries on, whether it’s NatWest, Deutsche Bank, the whole kind of spectrum of deals. And what do I expect on a going-forward basis? The pipeline remains robust. I mean things are going to keep happening. We’re going to renew existing customers. We’re going to keep working on new customers. We’re going to look to expand portfolios with existing customers. So that’s very much upfront and center in the bucket of what I call controllables. So there’s stuff which is happening in the macro environment, which we don’t necessarily control. But there are things we do, which is engagement with our customers and we’re driving hard on that.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So again, you should think about the mix between debit and credit are based on a couple of things. One, what’s going on globally in the nature of the release of stimulus payments? What the timing of that is and what’s the timing of associated spend on that stimulus payment. That’s kind of bucket number one. Bucket number two is, what are the categories of spend and -- which have a higher propensity for debit versus which have a higher propensity of credit. So when I think about Q3 versus Q4, and while debit grew at a very healthy pace in Q4, it was a little bit at a slower rate than what we saw in Q3, back to your point. It’s largely been driven by the fact that the impact of the stimulus we’ve referred in Q3 started to weigh in Q4. On the flip side, credit performed really, really well. And when I say really well, it was still in negative, but a market improvement in credit because there was a greater spend taking place in discretionary categories, which are credit heavy. So we follow this and we track this pretty closely. And I think that would be the reasons why you should explain what changes are taking place in terms of the mix between debit and credit.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, Jason. On the first part of your question, here’s what I’d tell you. I would tell you, we’re closely watching what these trends are. In the first 3 weeks, we have exactly what you’re saying, which is the non-intra-Europe cross-border had started to see a little bit of a recovery come through. There are lots of puts and takes which take place there. And let me try and give you a little bit of color as to what could be driving some of that, right? First, at the end of the day, when you think about this component of non-intra cross-border, there are still several borders which are open. There are people traveling, if you think about U.S.-Mexico, if you think about borders within the Middle East and Africa. I could think about certain travel which is taking place in Asia Pacific. So you might be seeing -- you’re seeing a little bit of that come through. The other component which is driving this is, at the end of the day, when we think about other cross-border, we think about it generically speaking in the context of people getting on planes and traveling. But other cross-border is also influenced by expats, people who are sitting in far locations, who have cars, which are -- from their home countries. And the spend patterns on that could be influencing a little bit of what were going on -- what we’re seeing here. I wouldn’t make too much of the trend we are seeing in the first 3 weeks. We have to watch it for a little bit of a longer period of time. And that’s the kind of color I could share with you on that. On your longer-term question on cross-border, look, I got to tell you, we as a company are very encouraged by what we’re seeing from an overall availability of a vaccine standpoint. The rollout is something which is still kind of uncertain, and we’ll watch how the rollout goes. We believe -- with the availability of vaccines at scale, we believe of the availability of more efficient testing therapeutics. People -- the consumer -- the governments or consumers will come back. Borders will start to be relaxed. And social distancing measures would start to relax. Now we expect that to happen more in the latter half of this year. So [indiscernible] I would tell you, I’m quite optimistic about the fact that we’re seeing vaccines, which are proving to be as effective as what the test results would suggest. And we’ll see where it all kind of shakes out. I’m really not in a position to give you guidance as it relates to what I think cross-border will look like through the course of 2021. But I feel like if you just stand back and thought about it, the near term and in the longer term, the nearer term will continue to be linear until the vaccine stuff is rolled out at scale. The longer term, we feel very encouraged about.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So Darrin, it’s Sachin. On your question around the lapping effect of cross-border, you’re right. We saw some cross-border decline start in the later part of February is what I would tell you. But the vast majority of the lapping effect, like I said in my prepared remarks, we expect to see across all our drivers in the month of March. That’s the way I kind of think about what we’re seeing here.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So Lisa, just a couple of thoughts around that. I think you’re quite familiar with the way we think about what constitutes our yield as a business, right? It’s across infrastructure, applications and services. And I would tell you whether it’s our card rails or it’s our real-time ACH rails or it’s open banking. The reality is there’s an opportunity to realize revenue across all of these 3 layers: infrastructure, apps and services. And so as we get more in the flow of transactions and/or data, there is the opportunity to realize on all of those levels. If your specific question is around what the interaction of economics will be if payments were to take place over open banking rails or for card rails, well, the reality is we’re in the business of providing choice to consumers. And what we’re going to do is provide choice, we’re getting price for the value we deliver across all of these 3 layers. I think it’s a little early to tell you exactly what the actual economics of a transaction over -- for example, open bank rails maybe, but it’s a payment transaction. What I can tell you, though, is take something like Pay by Account, which we’ve launched in the U.K. The economics for us on Pay by Account in the consumer use case in the U.K. are quite similar to our economics out there.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. Tim, it’s Sachin. So a couple of thoughts. One, we do expect, with the return of travel, the mix will start to come back to a certain level similar to what we saw pre-COVID. It might take a little of time as it relates to the business travel component. But I want to remind you that the vast majority of our travel from a cross-border perspective happens to be personal travel, which we expect to come back and come back based on the comment which Michael made around the pent-up demand. So we’ll see that come through. But you’re exactly right about other elements of cross-border, whether it’s leveraging our real-time rails and the applications in our cross-border manner, real opportunity we feel that as well because today, what we’re tapping into is the consumer flows, what we call the person-to-merchant flows, leveraging our card rails in a cross-border environment. The opportunity from a B2B standpoint still remains largely untapped. And this is where our suite of assets from a multi-rail standpoint really will play an important part, whether it’s our Send capabilities or the acquisition of Transfast which we did. All of those are key contributing factors. And we’re rolling those out pretty nicely. We’re building scale, we’re building capabilities as we go down that path. So all in all, I tell you, cross-border remains a selling -- decent sized opportunity on a going-forward basis.
