Michael Miebach: Sanjay, thanks for your question. So on the inflation side, as Sachin mentioned earlier, we have not seen anything yet in terms of changing consumer spending behaviors. But what we are seeing is in terms of the impact on vertical mix and so forth. There has been a 1% increase in our switched volume that's related to gas price increases. We're seeing some shifts in the airline. That is again under an inflationary pressure there from ticket pricing perspective. So we have to see where it goes going forward. I mean fundamentally, where I stand on this is the push by consumers into the digital space. They learn these habits they're online. All that will continue. And we'll see where the underlying prices go and then comes back to what we've been saying all along. There's macro considerations in each country that has to be considered here. What is monetary fiscal policy and then there is the micro aspects of the different verticals which ones of those are carded which ones we would see which ones we wouldn't see. Could there be a crowding out effect of rents or gas prices particularly in Europe? Yes that might be but that's not something we can tell yet.
Michael Miebach: Yes. If I can just build on that, we love cross-border. But while we love the trends, it's a lot of hard work. And over the last two years, I mean, the travel industry was hard hit from the outset of the pandemic. We have leaned in. And as I recall over the last two years JetBlue, Cathay Pacific, British Airways, LatAm, Aeroplan, AirCanada you name it it's a long list of where we have either expanded renewed one additional volume. So we're participating in the trend in a very significant way. And we've always said, it's going to happen this year and we're ready for that.
Michael Miebach: Right. And strategically, so Darrin here's what I'd say is similar lens that we took at Investor Day where we looked at different universes and different use cases. You got the P2M world where card is well established domestically but also certainly cross-border. The industry and we very specifically with our services propositions have found a way to ensure that the risks associated with these cross-border transactions for merchants and for consumers are addressed. So the conversion rates and the approval rates have continuously increased. And there's a lot of value brought. So there isn't much of a problem to be resolved to payment for payments for goods on a cross-border basis.  Now where we're actively looking in our -- it tends to participate in all relevant payment flows. We're saying what other payment volumes happening cross-border that we can contribute to with our technology through our franchise and so forth. And here the whole space of import-export, cross-border and accounts payable. That's a space where a counter-account solutions make sense for us to hold.  We have specifically called out for you at the Investor Day the focus on remittances. Again, that's a significant opportunity for us. That's all additive and expensive from a target market perspective from an opportunity perspective. Attractive growing opportunities. We have the technology on the cross-border remittances side our Transfast acquisition, our buyout on the HomeSend side all of that is coming together. It's a 100 country reach.  So I think what we're bringing here is the multilateral network idea into this space that has been historically inefficient. So, I look at it as a growth opportunity while we're going to continue to power the cost side of the house. 
Michael Miebach: All right. So let me take that. So first of all, Brazil has been a market in focused strategically important market for us for years. We're very well established on with the large banks out there Itau and others to mention. So, I'm actually seeing the Brazilian country manager right after this call. So, it's very much in focus. We're very happy with what's going on there. Overall, it's a market that drives a lot of innovation.  Buy Now, Pay Later has been a thing in Brazil forever. Open banking is on the rise, real-time payments is on the rise. So, a lot of movement there. And the P2P network that's been introduced by the Central Bank in the Brazil market is another push to further digitization in that market. So, the whole digitization in Brazil is really seeing great momentum and we're leaning right into that.  Now the kind of flow that PIX is going after, you see a lot of P2P flows and some B2B flows, so that's not necessarily anything that we're particularly worried about but it's also the kind of flows as part of our multi-rail strategy that we like to support ourselves and we have a whole set of technologies for that. What's have paid just to point one out which is the first live in Brazil itself is set a market with innovation and a lot of momentum there.  So, here's our technology powering a social network as an alternative which is an easy user experience great adoption 4.7 million users already on that platform. So, I look at it as a market that's a lot to learn from, a market that we invest in and where we chart passed for the new additional flows beyond card flows very with specific local solutions considering the size of the market. 
Michael Miebach: And Tien-Tsin, I should add, I'm very happy to ask the question. I thought these news was just going to pass by with none of you asking about it, so it's much appreciated.
Michael Miebach: Right. Ramsey let me start off on that. So the structural changes that we are seeing that we've been observing with our regular consumer engagement surveys over the last two years and that have transpired with our customers as well is less cash and checks, number one. Anything digital more of, number two. The whole -- this whole notion though has changed in the consumers' mind. A couple of things going on. First is, consumers are really ready to move on with the pandemic. They want to go out there, they knock off their bucket list. They want to pent-up demand. So there's a lot of increased spending back into services. So it's not a structural feature of the years to come that it's all in goods. It's going to go back to services and it's going to balance out. It's also not going to be only online, as Sachin just said, it's going to balance out across multi-channel. Buy in-store pickup have delivered, do it the other way around whatever works. I think consumers will go for more choices and that comes right down through our multi-rail strategy to enable basically all relevant choices that are out there. I think that's the right positioning. That's what we're going to see going forward. In terms of debit and credit, if you kind of get a little more granular over here. There was a period in the early parts of the crisis, people will not want to spend on credit if they can avoid it, more control around their finances. That was a big tailwind for debit. We see travel coming back, that's more credit-oriented particularly because of the rewards around it. You start to see in the crypto space, there's a whole new set of credit propositions. We just talked about the Gemini rewards and crypto rewards on that the Nexo Card. So there's a whole thing going on. I think in the end, it's going to be multiplicity around these different tools. 
Michael Miebach: Andrew, excellent questions. As you know we love our services business. It drives growth for us. It's a differentiator. It's a margin increase here. It's all of that. And the key focus is on cyber solutions on one hand and data analytics and inside solutions. This comes back to the structural trend by the way. More data, more digital world – more digital work to be kept safe. More insights for all these new people that are having businesses online on the data analytics side. So fundamentally there are sound trends here. If you just pick up this quarter and you do the unpacking the numbers that you have just laid out that is simply timing. We are expecting our – there's nothing to be said that there's anything changing on the growth rates of our business. So that will continue. Our teams are fully engaged and as we looked ahead in the guidance that Sachin gave, we assume a strong services growth. 
Michael Miebach: All right. So thanks for your questions, insightful questions as always. Thank you for support for the company. Just a thought for me, here we're thinking that we're going to get out of Omicron and then a few days later we have an invasion in Europe. So for our teams, it's around the world it continues to be a never-ending marathon. And I just want to extend the thanks to everybody in the Mastercard team. And with that, we'll see you next quarter. Thank you so much. Bye-bye.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Harshita. So first on your question on cross-border, you're absolutely right. Cross-border travel has actually come back stronger than our expectations and there continues to be pent-up demand. And we in terms of how we're thinking about our guidance, we've kind of built in that improving recovery in cross-border travel on a going-forward basis as well. So I just want to kind of get that out there. But to give you a little bit more color right on cross-border. So cross-border volumes are above 2019 levels across all regions for the first time. I would tell you that, the top 20 destinations which represented approximately 70% of our total cross-border travel pre-pandemic, and we're at 70% of 2019 levels when we discussed this at our Investor Community Meeting, are now at 85% in Q1 of 2022. Specifically, on your question around Asia-Pacific, I think it's important to note that Asia Pacific has been slower to recover. The Asia Pacific opportunity as I see this is as follows: Asia Pacific represented approximately 14% of total inbound cross-border travel volumes pre-pandemic and we're at 40% of our 2019 levels in Q1. So as you can see from this number right that, there is a fair amount of recovery still remaining to come from Asia Pacific. Obviously, it does matter in terms of how restrictions are lifted in that market. Again, the point is at the end of the day cross-border fundamentally is still very sound. This is something we've been talking about right through the pandemic, where we felt like when restrictions are eased volumes in cross-border will come back. We've seen that happen and we continue to believe fundamentally that that remains very much in place on EP in particular, a couple of thoughts in China. One the – both China both from an inbound and an outbound standpoint where not a very significant portion of our cross-border volumes pre-pandemic. In fact, I would argue that, the outbound China was slightly higher than the inbound China. So when you think about recovery you've also got to think about what restrictions are there in terms of people going into countries versus people coming out of countries. And I would tell you outbound China has shown better improvement than inbound China for obvious reasons as we all know that, there have been locked out in China and things of that sort. So net-net as I said back and I think about this I think about the fundamentals of cross-border being strong. I think about the potential for pent-up demand continue to contribute to improvements in cross-border travel spend. And again, the Asia Pacific region still remains a fairly large opportunity on a going forward basis.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Rayna, happy to take that question. So look I mean at the end of the day, you know that, the business as we have it is a high operating leverage business, right? At the end of the day incremental dollars of revenue typically flow to the bottom line just given the nature of how we operate. So certainly cross-border recovery is playing into the recovery in operating margins but it's not just about cross-border. It's about overall strong consumer spending and cross-border travel recovery all of, which is contributing to the delivery of improved operating margins. Helping that even further is the good new strength in our services and everything we're doing along those parts. So it's everything which we are doing in terms of driving the fundamentals of our business back to the strategic priorities Michael was talking about, which is growing our payments keeping on leaning in on services and then continue to invest in the new network space which is really important. So all of those factors are contributing factors to the expanding operating margins that you're seeing come through. The message I'd like to leave you with on this is the following: We continue to run the business for long-term sustainable growth, which means effectively that we're going to continue to invest in a disciplined manner to ensure that we are creating the right opportunities for ourselves to deliver this long-term top line growth. And while we do that you should see the impact of that come through in terms of operating margins.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Aaron. I'll take the first part and then Michael will address your second question. I guess the headline is the following which is, we're not seeing anything fundamentally changed in terms of the profile of our cross-border revenues. I mean net-net things are going to move around depending on how much cross-border comes from intra-Europe versus volumes from outside of that intra-Europe corridor because as you know intra-Europe is lower yielding and then other cross-border volumes are higher yielding. But fundamentally, I would tell you not much has changed. I will make one point. You talked about rebates and incentives not being there with cross-border. I would say that there's a lower indexation of rebates and incentives to cross-border. There's always been some level of rebates incentives, which have been associated with cross-border not nearly as high as what's there in the domestic volume environment. But we're not seeing fundamentally much change in that regard. 
Sachin Mehra: And I'll just add Michael a couple of thoughts on Brazil. One you asked the question about the strong growth. Clearly, it's a combination of the macro environment, but it's also the fact that we've been leaning in pretty heavily with our traditional issuers as well as our fintech partners in that space which has been part of the reason why we've been seeing some of that growth come through in a decent manner, Lisa. The second point I'd make tying back to Michael's comments around PICCs [ph], the market has to be bifurcated in the context of both debit and credit. And on the credit side, we continue to see tremendous growth. PICCs -- which Michael said is primarily catering to P2P and B2B flows, even if it were to actually proliferate a little bit into call it the smaller merchants from a P2M standpoint were primarily be focused around the debit side of the equation and so credit still remains the mainstay for us in Brazil as it stands.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Tien-Tsin. So everything we kind of talked about and Michael talked about earlier on in this conversation was about our expanding relationships with these issuers. And so with these issuers, we are gaining share. That's kind of the reality of the situation. Again, there are puts and takes in the market, right? So as I think about the new relationship well I should say new relationship, the expanded relationship we have with Wells, right, that's an increasing share position with Wells which is taking place for example there. So the bottom line is the following which is whether it's Wells, Capital One, what we're doing with Santander and NatWest, Deutsche -- you name it the GAAP portfolio all of these incrementally are helping us drive our volumes. From a holistic market standpoint, again, like I said, there are puts and takes, right? But we're very, very optimistic about how we are seeing business translate for us. And as we mentioned at the Investor Community Day, we are growing market share across all regions and the market share growth which we've seen in 16 of our top 20 markets which is something we shared with you at the Investor Community Day is really the data points we put out so far.
Sachin Mehra: Sure David. So I think you're touching upon a couple of things which are there on that card-not-present ex travel. The reality is, as cross-border travel comes back, you do see some give back in terms of cross-border card not travel -- card-not-present ex travel. That's a mouthful. So the point is at the end of the day right, there are a few factors you got to take into consideration, when you're thinking about future growth rates for cross-border card-not-present ex-travel. Number one, what's the pace of recovery on cross-border travel is going to be. Number two, what the prior year comps were on cross-border card-not-present ex-travel? Because remember, these growth rates are all influenced by prior comps as well. And what was happening in the COVID environment last year, which might have caused for elevated levels of cross-border card-not-present ex-travel. And number three, you do see fluctuations come in that number through, as a result of crypto and crypto volumes, right? And so, these three factors are kind of things you've got to take into consideration. The point at an up level is the following, which is, the consumer continues to spend in an omnichannel manner. When they can get out and spend in a physical environment, they do that, when they can't spend in a card-not-present environment, they do that. We are ready to support them in both manners, whether it's through our omnichannel capabilities that we're offering our merchants and the strength which we're seeing in card-not-present ex-travel from a cross-border standpoint, is something we expect that strength to actually stay going forward as well. There might be puts and takes for all the reasons I just mentioned, but largely, I think, consumer behavior has changed in a manner where they've gone more digital and you're going to see some strength come through out there.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Bryan. So, first, I'll take your question on Russia and what we're assuming. So we have suspended operations in Russia, as a result of which we're not earning any revenues related to Russian issued cards. So as it relates to revenue for the rest of the year, we had mentioned that we had put out an 8-K about how Russia represented roughly 4% of our revenues in 2021. And so, we've assumed that that 4% doesn't exist in any of the quarters going forward, from a net revenue standpoint, right? Point number two. And again, like I said in my prepared remarks, there's some level of headwind which we're assuming in Ukraine as well. But the reality is, that's a little bit of an uncertainty, just because we're not entirely sure as to how the war in Ukraine evolves and what the implications of that are. So we built in some assumptions and that's what we've kind of given you in our overall thoughts. From an expense standpoint, the Russia-related expenses represented roughly 2% of our operating expenses. And, again, from an OpEx growth standpoint, kind of, that's the way we think about it. As I mentioned, we have taken down, when we've shared with you our thoughts for full year 2022, we have taken down our OpEx growth rate on an ex-acquisition currency-neutral basis to reflect that very impact from a Russia standpoint.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So Dan, there's nothing fundamentally which is really changing as it relates to our debit business. I'll put that out there in the first place. Growth rates obviously are impacted by comps. I think you get that piece. I think you've got to take into consideration that there is a one portfolio, which is a debit portfolio, which is rolling off in the U.S., which was previously announced, which is probably impacting that comparative analysis that you're seeing, because obviously, we're seeing the detriment of that comes through in our debit metrics and that primarily started in the recent past and will go on through the course of this year. And the competitor is likely actually getting the benefit of that. So, that's probably the reason you're seeing some of the divergence.
Sachin Mehra: And I'll just add some – a little bit more color on that just because I think it's important for you as you're thinking about your models going forward to actually factor this in. When we talk about Russia revenues, there are a few things from a Russia revenue standpoint which you might want to take into consideration one of which relates to the fact that Services was well penetrated in the Russia and Ukraine markets and had strong growth. And so as you think about the model and the impacts across the different line items you're going to see impact related to lost services revenue come through in other revenues in the ensuing quarters. That's kind of point number one. Few other salient pieces on Russia-related revenues as you think about the different line items. Yes we will lose the volumes and transactions. Russia was a fast-growing market. It has no average ticket size which I kind of mentioned earlier. There's a high degree of contactless penetration. Again I think these are important things where you want to kind of keep in mind as you think about comps on a going-forward basis. And the cross-border issuing out of Russia was mostly higher yielding into regional cross-border issuing. Also strong remittances and disbursements market. Why am I sharing all of this with you? Because as you think about the various metrics we've shared across all of these aspects, those will get impacted as Russia starts coming into play in future quarters.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So George, I called it out because Q1 had unusually high foreign exchange volatility. I mean the reality is we don't typically talk about this because these numbers kind of go back and forth from a volatility standpoint but there was unusually high FX volatility in Q1. The outlook from a going forward standpoint is really hard to say. I mean this is one of those things where I guess as Michael jokes with me "Sachin you wouldn't be doing the job if you knew where volatility was going on a forward basis for foreign exchange." So the point is at the end of the day we've taken our best assumptions on a holistic basis for our business share with you what our thoughts are from a full year and a Q2 basis on net revenue. Very hard to predict what the outlook going forward is going to be. Unusually high volatility does help us. The other thing to keep in mind is since it's related to cross-border volumes as to for volumes come back that combined with unusually high volatility has that much more of an impact.
Sachin Mehra: Jason, as I mentioned we're assuming improving trends vis-à-vis compared to 2019 as we go forward. We're not sharing a specific number for what that looks like in the second quarter or the end of the year. We've built in our expectations in terms of the revenue guidance I've shared with you our thoughts around how that trend takes place. The combination of that was consumer spending and what the improving trajectory in consumer spending is, it's all factored into the numbers.
Sachin Mehra: So think I mentioned to you on rebates and incentives is the following which is, we have a rich pipeline of deals. We continue to execute on that as you heard from Michael, in terms of some of the wins which we had recently. Obviously, you get the benefit of improving cross-border trends to play through in terms of lower amounts of business incentives impacting that. And the last point I'll make on rebate and incentive is, in Q1 we had this onetime benefit relating to the non-renewal of our Russian customer agreement which you should not expect the benefit of that to come through on a going-forward basis. So net-net I would tell you that, a lot of this is going to be dependent on what the timing of deals are? How we put those new into deals into play? And what the recovery of cross-border is going to be.
