Glenn Fogel: Hi, Justin. I don't think it's a very hard answer really what we need. What we need is, obviously, more of a recovery against this pandemic, because that's clearly what's driving the problem than in many industries, ours particularly. For us, we've talked about this a few times. We talked about, our business has done well with international, and international generally has been hard hit, albeit we are seeing some better things. But that the long haul is still a problem. Yes, we're seeing some numbers coming up in Asia, great. I love it. The fact that people are getting more vaccinated in Asia, that's great. The fact that vaccines are being distributed more broadly and getting around, that's great.  The fact that the pharmaceutical Companies are coming out with new ways to combat against this terrible virus with pills now, that can help people who have caught it, end up being hopefully healthier quicker, all good things. But what we need really, is for everyone who can get a vaccine, to please go out and get that vaccine. If you're medically able to and you're capable getting it, please get. That will help hasten the recovery for not only the travel industry, but the entire world. And that's what we hope will happen.  Obviously, we're doing everything we can, so we're prepared when that day comes, which it will, we can't say when, but we know will come. And we're preparing by doing all the things that Dave and I have been talking about. Preparing with our partners, and getting our marketing prepared, and doing all the steps that you know we've been doing to make sure that when travel comes back to above 2019, we're getting the share we want to be getting. And David, you want to [Indiscernible] -- you're going to answer the second question and answer mine too.
Glenn Fogel: David, why don't you take the first 2, about the aired competitiveness, and I think some brand question? And I will talk a bit about some of the merchandising.
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. So, Kevin, obviously, merchandising is a very important reason why we built out, and are continuing to build-out, our payments platform in booking.com. Just making sure that we're able to compete and provide great value to our customers. And what's really important is not doing just out of our own pocket, but working with our partners, coming up with the right time to the right consumer, the right offer and helping them.  Our supply partners, also provide some of that, let's say, added value. For example, we may do flash sales. You may hope or you've seen some. Hope you've gotten some, hope you actually booked some of them. That's an example. One of the things, for example, when somebody is getting in accommodation and we are able to offer them either lower cost or even free sometimes, right from the airport to the hotel. In a [Indiscernible], different variations that we can do with the different verticals in coming up with the best combination, trying to do as much as we can with our suppliers’ money, but sometimes using our own too to come up what really is an attractive offer. So, the consumer knows that when it come to our site, they're getting the best value, because value really is one of the key strategic objectives for us, always through providing that.
Glenn Fogel: Okay. Why don't you about first half, but I'll let David say wherever we are -- what we feel, we can disclose regarding any of the trends regarding different parts of the business. So, we absolutely know there's huge pent-up demand by of course any time, any government, let's go restriction. We see immediate, immediate demand. So, for example, the announcement of the November 8th opening for people to come to the U.S. Immediately, we saw demand. In the U.K. when they changed restriction, immediate demand. So, we know it's there.  Absolutely. Now, how much have we don't have a way to quantify it, but we do note if you look at particularly in the U.S., when you look at what people savings rates are right now, you have been able to save a lot of money during this pandemic and they want to spend it. And one thing people have not been able to do as much they want to, is go travel.  So, I believe there is a significant amount of demand there, just waiting to come out. But of course, you'd have to -- we have to have these restrictions for the long-haul international travel open up. And we also -- we know that it's important that we always provide the best value so that when they do travel, they come to us and David what you can say about suburban and local far what you can say.
Glenn Fogel: Thanks Mark. Why don't I take -- let me do the air question first, then I'll talk a little bit about IDFA, and I'll let David what he wants to say about our app and I'm not sure how -- I'll let him be streets if you wanted to be or not about what we see ensuring profitability, etc. You're absolutely right about the air business very exciting for us, of course, and we've been working on it. And it's interesting because I happen to have noticed that in the first quarter call in 2020, just as things started going very bad for the whole world.  We're talking about the -- just starting out the air business at Booking.com in the fourth quarter of 2019. And I mentioned about we're striving to get to that 50% coverage of Booking.com customers. I was looking forward to hopefully doing that for 2020. And of course, that didn't quite happen exactly we wanted, but the question and it wasn't from you, Mark, who is another analyst to ask that why not a 100%. And I said, well, the 15% was just don't want to get to that year. [Indiscernible] of course, we want to get to a 100% and that still is the same thing. Yes, we're 27 countries, of course, we want to get to every single country, to anybody we currently deal with.  We want to be able to provide them with an air ticket, but it takes time. It's not something you just flip a switch. You have to actually go to regulation is to get licensing and all sorts of things. So, we're enrolling out as we can, as we should, and we will get to a 100% at some point, I do want to point out though we are at that over that 50% number right now. So, I am pleased to where we are with that. I also want to say though it's still so early, we're not doing big marketing yet, real big marketing. There are a lot of opportunities to get a much higher number of people come into this air product.  And the reason that we like it, is not only the 25% new customers, of course fantastic, but it’s that attachment rate, which I haven't given a number. But I'm pleased with where we are with that right now. And again, that's something we have not optimized yet. There's a lot of opportunity there to optimize that and get an even higher attachment rate. And that's part of the overall vision of being able to bring new customers in from different verticals, different ways than we've done in the past, which is primarily pay for performance marketing and delivering a lot more customer. And as we talked a little bit earlier in a previous answer about being able to provide them with a lot more value.  Your first question about IDFA, but these privacy related changes, they only impact a small part of our marketing, and it's obviously not unique to our Company. We know that very confident, we can manage through this. And as we know -- as you know, most of our marketing primarily paid marketing channels like PPC and [Indiscernible] and that's not going to be directly impacted by any of these kinds of changes. Our focus has always first-party data. We want to leverage the data into marketing, any of these changes to privacy, like the IDFA -- thing is this does not really impact us.  And I think you would know, we chose not to show us the app -- track and opt-in back in April 20 -- April 21 this year, April, while the IDFA specifically decided not to do that. And of course, you've seen our results since then, so I really don't think this is a big deal for us. Very proud of the team in our whole marketing. They will be able to work and come up with, I would say, privacy-oriented ways to continue to be able to market with good tracking and ROIs. And David, I think you had number 2, which is about the monthly active users through mobile.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I'll give my first comments and I'll let -- David can always add if he'd like. So, we saw before the pandemic an increase in the alternative accommodations business as they became a larger and larger share of the total combinations business. And we're just going on a pretty steady rate going up. And pandemic happens and you get a step change. As people desire safety, being away from crowds and they go there. And now we've seen for ourselves, we've seen people liking hotels in that. I think the long-term trend that will continue.  And I think if you look five years in the future, I think alternative combinations will be a higher share. That means of course for us. We talked about this in the past how important is that we go out, make sure we get the best supply we can get. And that means working hard on that and making sure that the people own these properties, see us as a platform that they want to use, and it's first in their mind that this is a great way to fill up their properties, and that's something that we are working on absolutely.  The demand side similar. Go to Europe, and we've talked about in the past, and says, where can I get a villa? In the south of France, people will say, I think booking.com 's a great place. You went to the U.S. and we said, hey, I need a vacation place to ski. They may not think of booking.com first. We got to get that awareness up and I've talked about that in the past and that's what we have to do also. But one of the truly great things about booking.com is we offer more of both. Nobody offers -- you put together hotels and alternative accommodations, you put that together, were the ones that have both of those.  And I really believe that's a superior way for somebody to decide what they're going to choose in terms of accommodation. And we see this in our data. We see people come, they look -- first, start looking at one type and then they end up booking another type. And they're able to compare and contrast both. They'll see the reviews on both. Look at the prices on both. What are they going to get from one, what are they going to get from the other? That's why we believe we have a superior offering to the consumer.  And I do believe though that is something that absolutely, it's going to continue. But on the other side, you all see the hotels they're making some moves themselves. And they're coming up with ways to offer a better wall frame, providing some of the benefits of an alternative accommodation. Two of this silver, particularly so they are prepared as people work in a new way in the future and want to have both the benefits of the hotel but perhaps more room or more services that you can get in terms of making sure you have good WiFi or a place you can do your work at. And that's some nice, see also hotels are definitely be getting to that space. David, I don't know if you want to say anything more to that.
Glenn Fogel: So, I'll talk about the first one about our payments. I'll let David talk about ROIs on our merchandising approach and how we're doing that. So, you're absolutely right. If somebody doesn't have the ability to pay for something because they don't have the appropriate payment method then they're not going to be able to buy from that person or in that Company like us. So, we always have to do that. So, if you are in Southeast Asia and let's say somebody is using most of the Grab, who is a partner of ours and they're using GrabPay.  Well, we're not able to use GrabPay for the hotel, taking the money in from the consumer, that person is not going to use us, they're going to use somebody else. We have obviously GrabPay our partner working on that. Or if you look at other ways, people who say they go and look, it's not their favorite, they could use it another way, they still decided not to use us. There's something else we've seen which is really interesting, is that just having more ways to accept payments seems to increase conversion sometimes.  I don't know why, I can give you a science, I just see data. This is a lot interesting. The other side is making sure we're paying the supplier the way they want to get the money. Because sometimes they say, you know I don't want to get it the way you're doing it with virtual credit card or I don't want to get it in terms of a bank transfer, I want to get it some other way. So, we've got to be able to do that, and that improves our relationship with the suppliers. If it particularly approves with the supplier when the method that we can get the money to them is cheaper than the method they are currently using.  That's a great thing when we can do that, that's another value add to that hotel or any other types of suppliers, lots of ways that we're going to do that and there are all other things we're working at, the ThinTec part of our business that we're just starting out. We talked last time about saving up that unit. There are a lot of opportunities there and we talked about how in 2019 we did over a $100 billion with a gross booking. And our idea is to -- let's find ways that we can monetize that better. And let's find ways we can provide value to both consumers and suppliers. And David, I don't know if you want to add a little ROIs and how we're doing merchandise.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Doug. Yes. So absolutely small numbers right now, and I think I said that in my prepared remarks. These are small, small numbers right now. But obviously, there are a huge number of potential customers who are in those areas where we want to reach out, make sure they're aware of us, they're coming to us. So, it's a place that we're not going to ignore.  Now, we onset to come up with the right method, the right way to present and offer it, the way we are going to present our brand and be able to get them to come to us, and that means we've got to be able to measure, are we getting a good return or not. And I don't want to give too much in terms of sales, how we're doing what we're doing, but I'm feeling good about how we're building it up. And if we see the right returns, the right ROIs, because we are always very conscious of spending that advertising money the right way, then we will scale up and spend more money.  And then as I said in the prepared remarks, I feel good about where we are now because a great thing about our business, our Company, the way we think is, we're not dogmatic. We don't think just because we thought it first this would be great but then we absolutely do it. We're going to do it experiment, put money to work, see the results, test, and then we'll learn, and if it's great, we're going to put more money. If not, we'll come up with another way. That's how we built this Company, that's what we're doing in the future. And David, I think there's a question for you there.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So, in closing, I want to repeat what I said at the close of last quarter's earnings call, and reiterate our strong belief that our industry's full recovery will be hastened by everyone who can get a vaccine, going out and getting it. We urge all people who are approved for and medically able to be vaccinated, to do their part, to make our society safer.  And we urge all who were advised to get a booster, to go get one. And as always, I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our Company. Thank you and please be safe. Goodnight.
David Goulden: Yeah. So now, I [Indiscernible] as great, we’d actually be [Indiscernible] relatively quick on the puts and takes in the core combination business. Our underlying take rates have been solid, and obviously, the reported take rates are a function of timing, so that continues to go well for us. As we get to -- back to 2019 levels, there will be some inflation refresher on the personnel line. Everybody knows there's a war for tech talents out there, and we've had two for years whether the merit increases in other expenses in -- other increases in our cost base.  Of course, we did take expenses out, but there are variable expenses. So, they will come back with some efficiency over time, but there will be some pressure on the personnel line. But there are other things that are in the model that we can use to offset that pressure. We can get extra economy to scale as the business growth is beyond 2019 levels on both the fixed costs and on the variable cost side as well. There are opportunities in our direct mix, which of course is very important. And of course, a key element.  And this will grow happens to off over ROIs. And on the front marketing side where we saw some increase in the first half of the year, we saw some small compression in the second-half of this year, but those markets are very variable and very dynamic, and we're pleased with how we're doing in those markets. The last thing I want to leave you with on that topic is that within our core business, there's always a trade-off between growth market share, and profitability.  So, to the extent we see opportunities, we leaning in. We want to try and drive market share increases where we think that we can, that will pressure the business in the short-term as we lean into making those investments. And also, as the investment in marketing and other areas were basically be a leading indicated relative to revenue. So, there will -- we do believe that we're -- there are opportunities for us to gain share in accommodations through this -- the recovery and beyond. So that would be an additional factor in the mix and how we think about the long-term business margin in accommodations.
David Goulden: Exactly. Thank you. Let us do that. So, Kevin, if you remember we -- on the last call, we said that we expect to see some reduction in our rise in Q3 versus 2019 and actually, our rise came out very much where we expected them to. Actually, our direct mix was slightly better than we expected in Q3. And that's why those less of a compression in the difference between gross bookings and marketing that we actually expected in Q3.  So that's positive. If it really -- something that we -- I say that was more what we did because we expect that to be the outcome. Of course, these markets are dynamic and as recovery continues, more, more play will come back into the marketplace. But basically, what happened in Q3 was very much in line with what we've told you a quarter ago would happen. The mix in between brands and the performance has not materially changed. If you recall, back in 2019, around 9% of all marketing spend was in imports, marketing.  We are looking to move up -- to move the brand spend up a little bit over time. But of course, brand has been very much shut down in 2020. It's not going back on in 2021. So, we're not in a very different position than where we were in 2019, but we do see the opportunity to continue to trend a little bit more towards brands, some of which might go on at the mid-funnel (ph.) market opportunities that Glenn talked about. And then Glenn, I'll turn -- hand over to you to talk about the 3rd one.
David Goulden: Yeah, Zach (ph.). Q3 saw strong recovery across the geographies that we talked about. So, I'd say there's still a bias towards more leisure outdoor-oriented activity, particularly beach-oriented properties did very well in the summer months in the Northern Hemisphere.  But we do see some recovery into the cities as well, and I think this -- we all know that anecdotally, if you want to book a hotel room night in a city, it's becoming increasingly hard. So, we are seeing recovery across the board, although still more entry (ph.) towards the outdoor beach-oriented leisure locations.
David Goulden: Yeah, I got number 2. And Mark, what I can tell you is we kind of watch very carefully how different types of direct user response. And obviously, the more direct we can get, the better. And the more those direct customers returned and there are three types of direct customers. The direct customers using the app, the direct customers that come to us on the mobile web, the direct customers who comes to us on desktop.  And perhaps not too surprisingly, the direct customers on the app measured by the [Indiscernible] you just talked about, are most [Indiscernible] of their customers. It's a good thing. We will get more of that. And a lot of our marketing that we do these days [Indiscernible] oriented. I'd getting people to download and use the app because it's sticky.
David Goulden: That was good. I just point out that to your point, that does strengthen that balance in both clearly contributed to us having a strong Q3 because we saw strong demand in [Indiscernible] to continue that we saw sequentially, a much bigger increase from Q2 to Q3 in hotels that we could off the book.
David Goulden: Sure, as Glenn said, payments is increasingly becoming heart of the core value proposition that we offer at booking.com in particular to both customers and partners. It's no longer just kind of we think as add-on, it really is solving problems for both all of them in cost-effective ways and risk reduction ways, they couldn't do as efficiently themselves. So as much as ROI is growing so rapidly, changing all that mix. Now, you're right, Steve. Once we're on payments, we can participate in merchandising.  Of course, with the most efficient way to get rates, is to source great rates, which Glenn talked about, frame out additional lines. But if we need to participate over and above sourcing and driving promotional targeting particular users. and particular markets, we can with payments platform. And we now have enough experience under our belt, enough instrumentation around that, that we can treat that as you mentioned, as a marketing investment.  And look at it in a very similar way to the way we look at spend in the performance channels for example, count, compare ROI s one versus the other, and decide what the right mix is. So correct, with payments becoming a bigger piece of all proposition, where we can, where we need to, where we think it makes sense. We can look our merchandising through a strong ROI [Indiscernible]. We can be quite proactive in that area and compare it directly with other forms of spending and marketing.
David Goulden: Yeah. Doug, let me explain that -- re-explain that whole seasonality thing because this is quite important than we can explain it high level. So Q3 was very strong. It was always artificially strong from a revenue for me because you've got two things naturally healthy it. First of all, remember a lot of bookings in Q1, Q2 that we're always stay in Q1, Q2 stayed in Q3. So, we got that benefit compared to the normal Q3.  On top of that, in the quarter, more bookings in Q3, the normal stayed in Q3. So, because of what you window while so short, so Q3 got topped up two ways from Q1, Q2 and in Q3. So now when you think of Q4 and you are now comparing it against a very top up Q3, Q3, and some of that top of in Q3 directly impacts Q4. So Q4 gets impacted by comparing against a strong Q3. But I think some those Q3 bookings that normally would stay in Q4 stay in Q3, to now book, if you like a double factor driving the comparison between Q3 and Q4.  Also, we believe the booking window will start expanding Q4 so more than bookings in Q4 will actually leak out of Q4 than did in Q3 relatively. So, you've got these two factors kind of driving a very unusual comparison between Q3 and Q4. So, a fair amount more sequential revenue decline. It's all timing and all mechanics. But think of it as a Q4 comparing a Q3 on steroids. And some of the reason why Q3 was in steroids will directly impact Q4 because that's what's going on.
