Jeffery Boyd: Thank you very much, and welcome to Priceline's Second Quarter Conference Call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we will take questions.  Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the second quarter of approximately $5.8 billion, up 70% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $283 million or $5.49 per share, up 78% versus prior year. Second quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $4.91 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $36.1 million for the quarter, up 56% year-over-year. Growth rates for our international business held firm during the quarter with 79% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis. Growth rates benefited generally from increased ADRs, impressive growth in new markets for Booking.com and high excellent growth rates for Agoda and TravelJigsaw. International hotel gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply, with hotels now in over 110 countries worldwide. Booking.com grew its supply platform of 155,000 hotels at the fastest pace in over 3 years. Booking.com continues to build inventory and sales around the world, delivering growth in reservations to new destinations and growing demand in those destinations for hotels around the world. Bookings has also continued to execute well into its high season, not only expanding geographically, but also in securing availability in high-demand destinations, helping achieve high international growth rates this quarter. Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 13% in the second quarter, due primarily to growth in retail hotel room night gross bookings, aided by improved ADRs, and continued growth in airline ticket sales and higher airfares. Growth in opaque air tickets again helped the domestic top and bottom line as airlines used the opaque channel as a revenue management tool while they increased fares. Merchant gross bookings growth of 45% continues to reflect growth in the domestic merchant businesses. That was primarily driven by growth from Agoda and TravelJigsaw, which now represent a significant share of merchant bookings. Agoda reported higher year-over-year growth rates in gross bookings as it comp-ed last year's civil strife in Thailand, contributing to the overall international and merchant growth we are reporting. TravelJigsaw delivered better-than-anticipated growth in rental car unit sales in the quarter through solid execution in building toward the high season. In summary, the growth in the group's international hotel business exceeded our forecast in the second quarter, and we are pleased with the progress of our brand's expansion in new markets and their hard work in preparing for high-season travel. I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution.  I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Jeffery Boyd: Okay. Justin, in terms of saturation levels, we consistently said that it's our expectation that the growth rates in our core markets, which tend to be more mature and more competitive, will slow down. And our strategy has been to build the business in new markets to a size where the higher growth rates in those new markets can have a meaningful impact on the total business. And that, in fact, is what's happening. The new markets are growing faster than the well-established core markets, and our assumption in guiding to decelerating growth rates is that, that trend would be reflected in the future. In terms of addition of hotels, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we had significant growth in hotel counts. Again, with 155,000 hotels, I think you should expect for those growth rates over the long-term to slow down rather than to accelerate, although there's still a lot of hotels, particularly in the new markets, that we need to sign up for the international businesses. With respect to what we learned in the '08 slowdown, I think what we learned principally is there's really not much we can do about changes in currency exchange rates and changes in ADRs, which is what hurt our dollar-denominated reported results the most during the financial crisis. The other lesson that we learned, though, is that I think we did the right thing in continuing to invest aggressively in building out the international hotel platform and to invest aggressively in marketing. And I think those investments are still paying dividends for us today.
Jeffery Boyd: I think there's a couple of things going on here, Mark. The first is that I want to emphasize that there has been no scaling back of our plans to build out the international hotel platform. And in fact, our brands are investing aggressively in hotel supply personnel and in building out the geographic footprint. So we haven't changed our approach to that, nor have we changed our approach to advertising. A couple of things that are happening as we go into the third quarter is that seasonally speaking, it's our strongest quarter from a margin perspective. And I think, second of all, because we had such significant acceleration of growth in the prior quarter, which implies significant marketing expenditure with revenue and stays to come in a later quarter, and a slowing down of growth accordingly in the third quarter, that could tend to build your operating leverage a little bit as well.
Jeffery Boyd: And Ingrid, with respect to the local deals, emails that you might have seen, that's a test that we're doing in a particular market to see if the customer base is responsive to local deals coming from our brand here in the United States. And as I look at some of the deals, I think some of them are pretty attractive. As everybody knows, there is a lot of clutter in that space now, and a lot of emails and offers are vying for the attention of consumers now. But it's a fairly easy test for us to perform, and so we're just going to keep working on it. And you may see it in another city or 2 as we try to figure out how accepting consumers are with those kinds of offers from the Priceline.com brand.
Jeffery Boyd: And I think if you look at the Agoda and Booking.com businesses in Asia as a share of all online, the first thing I can say is there really is no reliable data to basically sum all of the online business in Asia. I don't think anybody really has complete information about what percentage of hotel bookings are coming directly to Hotel.com (sic) [Hotels.com] websites. You can look at the businesses of Ctrip and Wotif and some of the other leading folks in the region. And I think we still have a long way to go in that region to approach the size of some of those folks. So I look at our share in the Asia-Pacific region as -- especially if you go market-by-market in a lot of places, pretty small. And therefore, there's a lot of room for us to grow. But I would continue to emphasize, as you mentioned, that it's much more important to look at the total marketplace to really try to understand the opportunity for further growth. Online penetration is much lower in a lot of these markets than it is in the United States, and I just think there's a lot of running room for us and for other players in this space to build their business.
Jeffery Boyd: Well, I think in terms of hotel additions there, Booking.com continues to add a lot of hotels in Asia-Pacific. They also continue to add a significant number of hotels in North America, which is a new market for the international business, and in South America as well. With respect to travel demand, I don't have any significant regional commentary for you other than to say something I said in the last quarter, is that we've seen a little bit of shifting of demand away from destinations in North Africa that have been subject of civil unrest, perhaps to destinations in Southern Europe and elsewhere. But I don't have a lot of other sort of regional color for you.
Jeffery Boyd: And with respect to the airline ticket business, I don't think there's been a fundamental change in shopping behavior. But as you guys know, airfares have gone up fairly substantially over the past couple of years. And that's especially true when you consider the impact of additional fees for baggage and things like that. And so American consumers have always been very active shoppers for airline tickets. They typically are going to a lot of different sites. And so I think, because we're one of the main brands, we benefit from that shopping activity to a degree in traffic, although sometimes it hurts our conversion. The other thing that I would mention, though, is I think our air team at Priceline.com has done a very nice job of continuing to build the position and relevance of the opaque product, so that when airfares are going up like they have, the airlines, I think, are using the product as a tool to revenue-manage and keep their loads up as prices are going up. And that's worked well, I think, for the airlines, but it's also worked well for our opaque business.
Jeffery Boyd: Well, I think Booking.com is doing well in the United States. Booking still has a long way to go to fill out a truly national inventory here in the United States, but I think the team has done a very good job of adding a lot of hotels over a short period of time, and that's helping Booking.com's results. And I also think it's helping that the Booking.com inventory is also getting some demand from Priceline.com, which is able to help them build a higher degree of relevance with the hotels, being able to represent demand from both sources. So we're pleased with the progress they've made. We have a long way to go to really get national comprehensive inventory. But I think we're making very good progress towards that goal.
Jeffery Boyd: Maybe I'll answer the second question first. We have not traditionally taken a principal position with inventory. That's something that consolidators did in the past, and that basically took away the hotel's control over their pricing, usually involved much higher margins than we charge. And we believe our business model is much more both hotel-friendly and even more important, consumer-friendly. And so, our efforts are really focused more on making sure that we've got availability, real time, through our extranet rather than trying to sell up inventory. The AirAsia transaction is really a very different situation. We don't sell airline tickets in Asia. We only sell hotel reservations and a little bit of rental car. And I don't think you need to engage in that kind of partnership and trade off some of your equity in your business in order to get hotel inventory. The distribution model is attractive enough to hotels that they're happy to participate in it without that kind of an arrangement being a prerequisite. With respect to Ctrip and the hotel business in China, I think that's a unique market, where it was very important for the whole market to increase the inventory of moderately priced hotels in China in order to help the entire travel industry grow for travelers inside of China. Right now, that's a smaller part of our business. We're focused much more on international travel to and from China and therefore, that has not been an important part, at least our strategy in that market.
Jeffery Boyd: We're not giving out guidance as to growth rates by brand or for TravelJigsaw. But the international rental car business is highly seasonal. And the second and third quarters are by far the most important from a gross bookings perspective.
Jeffery Boyd: With respect to the U.K. business, I know some of the tour operators announced results that were viewed as disappointing. I don't have any particular comment to make about whether that has an impact on what we're seeing in the U.K. I think that part of that is driven by share shift to low cost carriers and that sort of thing. So it's hard to correlate that to exactly what's happening in the online marketplace. And if you look at our competition, Expedia, I think, posted attractive growth numbers. U.K. is a big market for them, so I don't think that you can draw any firm conclusions by what's going on in those other businesses. With respect to U.S. rental car business, our commentary on that is really more driven by the extent to which rental car companies are operating with very constrained fleets or with relatively unconstrained fleets. And in some summer periods, the fleets are very constrained, and there are a lot of -- you know better than I do, a lot of reasons why that happens. And I think this year, our experience has been so far that there was decent fleet availability to allow participation in some of the promotional channels and revenue management-type channels like our opaque. And as a result, we were pretty pleased with the numbers we were seeing there. The pricing in the rental car market seems to go sometimes in a very different direction from pricing in the other travel verticals. So in a time when hotel ADRs and airfares were coming down a couple of years ago, rental car prices were going up. Now, prices for airline tickets and hotels have been very firm really for a number of quarters, and rental car price is a little bit softer. I really don't have much beyond that.
Jeffery Boyd: I wouldn't say that fleet is loose. I think the rental car companies do a terrific job of managing fleet size. But it's not like it's been in some prior periods where there were literally no cars in Orlando or no cars in Las Vegas. There are typically cars available.
Jeffery Boyd: Right. Sure. So with respect to the room nights, we're focused more on how our business is rolling out geographically and how we're doing in markets relative to our own expectations. And you've heard us say before that this is a very big market. There's room for more than one company to do well. And Expedia has, over the past 5 years, had a lot of quarters where they're reporting 40% growth in international gross bookings. And I think they had a good quarter last quarter. But I'm very satisfied with the momentum of our business in these markets, especially when you consider the size of our business compared to Expedia's now. And the absolute difference between the growth rate that we're reporting and the growth rates that they're reporting, I think, is still very impressive performance by the Priceline Group and by our international hotel business in particular.
Jeffery Boyd: Okay. so with respect to the China market, as we've said previously, the largest part of our APAC business is outside of China. And the business that we have inside of China is relatively small. We're focusing on international travel, primarily inbound from the international traveler into China and Chinese residents traveling outbound to international destinations. And I think that the outlook for those businesses continues to be excellent. Given the growth in that economy and just the changing demographic that they're experiencing, there's just going to be a lot more international travel for Chinese travelers, and hopefully we'll be able to play a part of that. With respect to TravelJigsaw, we -- I think we've done a good job at trying to share knowledge and best practices. And I think that sharing is starting to be evident in TravelJigsaw's results. We are directing some demand from some of our brands to TravelJigsaw, although I don't want to oversell that because the crossover from hotel, which is our biggest business, to rental car is not that huge, quite frankly. But we still think there's a lot of opportunity for TravelJigsaw to, with our help, continue its geographic expansion. And I think that's one of the most exciting parts of the opportunity. And much of that is yet to come.
Jeffery Boyd: Well, I think we look at vacation rentals and Airbnb as really an extension of that concept, although it could turn out over time that a lot their business is, in fact, a traditional vacation rental. It's a very interesting category. It's very well-suited to the Internet because of the fragmentation of supply and because of the critical need the consumer has to learn about the place they're going to stay. The Internet is just an excellent vehicle for delivering that information, and the development of social applications is a key ingredient there. And I think because consumers are so interested in participating in those applications, it's really got an ability to boost a business like Airbnb, and perhaps drive what I think they believe is really incremental business. It's not people that otherwise would have stayed in a hotel. The story that they tell about the starting of the business was a time when there were no hotel rooms available in San Francisco. And they were able to essentially rent out their air mattresses because there was no place for people to stay. And I think they're attracted to a category of traveler who might stay in the hotel but who, in fact, also might not. So in summary, we think it's a very interesting business. It's timely. I think it represents a potential nice addition to the vacation rental market for those homeowners who want to use their transaction processing capability. And I think that's something that's exciting for Airbnb. And we wish them the best. Well, I think, according to the operator, that was our last question. So we thank everybody for participating in the call.
Daniel Finnegan: In terms of stock buyback, we bought back a fairly sizable amount in the first quarter. We were less aggressive with buyback in the second quarter. It's something we look at from time to time, and we'll continue to be opportunistic with buybacks. So we don't necessarily have a plan to buy a steady amount each quarter or to not buy. We look to be opportunistic, and we look in relation to other possible uses of cash such as acquisitions or debt repayment, which, right now, we don't have anything coming up in the foreseeable future. So I would expect that we will continue to access stock buyback as we had in the past.
Daniel Finnegan: Okay. For the 78% growth rate on a local currency basis, Ross, as Jeff said, Europe is growing at a slow rate in that overall growth rate, but still at a very high rate, and it still is such a big part of our business that we couldn't post that kind of a growth rate without a significant contribution from our European market. Asia-Pacific is growing at a faster rate, and it is starting to become a larger percentage of our total room nights, together with North America for our Booking.com business and South America. And so they're starting to have a more pronounced impact on our overall growth rate. But Asia-Pacific, growing faster together with North America and South America, and Europe's still growing at a very fast rate.
Daniel Finnegan: On the first one, Aaron, for the tax rate, what I said was that we expect the Innovation Box to benefit our cash tax rate next year by 4 to 6 percentage points. There are other factors that could work into play there that could have an impact, such as work proportion of our pretax income Booking.com represents in relation to our other subsidiaries. But based upon current quarters since the -- in the breakdown of our pretax income by business, that's what we're projecting.
Daniel Finnegan: And in terms of the acceleration in growth rate, Herman, it's hard to identify sometimes the reasons why the growth rate slows down a little bit or accelerates. We saw a deceleration in April, which we expected to be the easiest comp because of the volcano. And then, the growth rate accelerated in the back part of the quarter. So to point to a specific reason why that happened, it's very difficult. But the acceleration was pretty much across the board. It was for our core markets as well as our newer, faster-growing markets. And we've seen some deceleration now so far in Q3, and that's reflected in our forecast.
Daniel Finnegan: In terms of the improved marketing efficiency, Doug, it improved versus our forecast. It's actually worse versus the prior year. What we said was that we're happy with our ad efficiency on a brand-by-brand basis. So it's really more of a mix driver that's causing the year-on-year relationship. In terms of versus our guidance, just the ROIs came in a little bit stronger than what we had assumed when we put the guidance together. In terms of leverage for the long run, we're only giving guidance right now for Q3, but we've been pretty successful at maintaining our non-variable expenses, if you will. So other than like an online advertising or sales and marketing expense growing at slower rates than our gross profit. And we would strive to continue to do that in the future. While we're growing at these types of rates, it's on the margin easier to deliver leverage. But our Q3 guidance shows some nice leverage, and that's an important goal for the business to continue to focus on that.
Daniel Finnegan: In terms of line item detail, Bill, mostly, line items just aren't all that material to our total income statement. And so to the extent that there is a driver in there, it will be -- we'll still be giving top line. We'll be giving bottom line. And if there's an unusual relationship in one of the line items, we'll call that out as we're giving our guidance.
