Darren Richard Huston: Hey, Tom. I'll take the first one on TripAssist and I'll let Dan take the second one. I think one of the headlines is TripAssist is still very early, and as Steve would tell you, they're still rolling out the product. It's important to understand that TripAdvisor makes up low single-digit percentage of our business, and TripAssist within our TripAdvisor business is a small percentage of our business. We have found at least we're happy with the brand impact. That was one of the reasons we did that. We're happy with the consumer behavior we see, but it's still small, and to be honest if it becomes two or three times the size it is today, it's still quite small for us from a materiality perspective. Again, we're happy with the execution. The teams have been connecting really well and we're curious to see how big it can become.
Darren Richard Huston: Okay. Thanks, Brian. Yeah. As mentioned in my prepared remarks, we feel really good about where OpenTable is. We knew at the time we acquired it that we might have to make some changes in leadership. Christa has done an awesome job. The team hit all of its Q4 KPIs and these are all about how do we get medium to long term momentum. We are currently primarily in the United States, we also have operations in Japan, the U.K., Germany, we've made an acquisition of AS Digital that put us into Australia. There are also by the way a number of restaurants that use OpenTable software all around the world, although we may not have a consumer-facing site. The whole process of globalizing OpenTable has been – you'll see recently their latest app update allows Americans to book in London. You'd think that was the simplest thing and that should have been done years ago, but there you go. It's done now, and this allows the app to become global. There's more things around languages as well so that if you go to book a restaurant in Germany and you're from the United States, you'll be able to see the menu and the product in English. And that's the kind of work that's going on and as that re-platforming gets done and we expect that work to be done in this year, then we have some amazing tools to be able to offer both the software proposition to restaurants as well as the demand proposition. You'll see on Booking.com, for instance, if you search New York, we've got a beautiful little ad there that says, hey, book a restaurant in New York for OpenTable, those things we found to be positive experiments. So that's where we are. I'm optimistic. I think ultimately there is a traveler network effect, restaurants are more local business than say hotel staying of course, but on the other hand, transient travelers are extremely valuable to restaurants. I man, selling those last few tables can often be the difference between making money and not making money and they realize that those travelers have choice and they're relatively not near as informed as maybe local people and we think that's a valuable business. And we're seeing good results so far but there's still a lot more work to do.
Darren Richard Huston: Yes, okay. Thanks, Naved. So, the really important math here is the diversity in properties and rooms. And we talked about the 22.6 million rooms we have on our website. In Europe, we are actually still adding a lot of properties but because this is our most mature market those properties are becoming smaller and smaller. By the way they are still tremendously valuable because all of these smaller properties add tremendous diversity to our accommodation base, therefore being able to fit very specific needs. They also help us in low availability times. If there's a conference or something, these properties could help fill demand when you're in a supply-constrained environment. So Europe is a lot of properties that are getting smaller and smaller, and that's the nature of the European business. For instance, in Italy at a time we're adding 100 properties a day because these are very small properties in small places, kind of mom-and-pop operated type product. In other parts of the world, we're still adding many large, multi-room. I think India and China, in particular. China, we've entered the year with about 6,500 properties, exited the year with 35,000 properties, a lot of that was organically built. In China we have a lot more to do just adding really large hotels and properties. The challenge in China is making sure you have enough domestic demand to fill those. Inbound China is not a huge market, but domestic China is a huge market. And we're filling those beds through partnerships within China including our relationship with Ctrip. India is another one that just seems to have unending potential for us and we are busy there building out that marketplace. I'd say another part of the world is Africa, Central America; these are areas still where we're adding hotels. But at some point, we will have most of the world's hotels and then there's still a lot of extra property count in these single-owner, single-apartment type products, almost endless to some degree it seems. But we're having to add those a room/property at a time and that's obviously important and tough work.
Darren Richard Huston: Yeah. Thanks, Naved. There's two effects we always see of currency. One is the absolute level of the currency and the other issue is volatility. And a lower euro has a big impact, but it's also the movement in the euro because people need to get used to the fact that the euro is now a $1.11 and no longer $1.35. So we certainly see now that the euro has stabilized that that's had a positive impact on year-over-year base of Europeans starting to travel back to America, starting to travel to the UK, starting to travel to higher currency zones. I think the other point that Dan made, the KAYAK data, that shows that flights are down 15% year-over-year; that actually plays into the travel budget as well. So we're seeing more positive flows of Europeans into these higher currency markets. It certainly hasn't recovered to the time of the $1.35 euro, but it's more positive than it was a year ago. That said, intra-EU travel is still – we're seeing very positive impacts there. There's a number crises in the world, Tunisia, Egypt, even Turkey. The positive there for us is that many of these markets are wholesale package travel markets. We have properties there but they're traditionally sort of the Thomas Cook's, the Tuohy's (33:17) of the world and a lot of that travel is now ending up in Italy and Spain and southern France and that's more of a retail market that plays also to our strength and that's another trend we've been seeing recently.
Darren Richard Huston: Okay. Thanks a lot, Mark. So Booking.com for Business, it's worth giving a little bit of background. So we – our sites has primarily been targeted at leisure and over time we've seen more customers come in for business purposes. And that's when we started to make some changes to our site and see if we could get positive conversion and that seem to work. So now you can go on to our site and say am I traveling for leisure or business, if you pick business we highlight things important to business people and they seem to like that. We've also discovered that about 20% of our business is business bookings versus leisure bookings. And the thesis of course is that nobody really knows, but maybe half of travels business, it could be more or less than that, but that points to a pretty big opportunity if we serve the customer wealth. So then secondly, we built a very simple tool that allows the systems to book for business people, it allows you to track budgets, it allows a manager to track where all their people are from a care of duty perspective and now we're also optimizing that tool. We are seeing that our business bookings are growing faster than our leisure bookings which means they're taking share on the site, that's what we want to see. But it's a process of optimization in investment and obviously, if you just think of the sheer size of the numbers going from 20% to 50% for instance, that's a huge opportunity, but we're approaching it in a very typical Booking.com Priceline Group way, which is many small steps, lots of optimization. And we are feeling positive. I think it'll be one of those things that continues to contribute. There's no massive revolutionary move, but more an evolutionary optimization and today feeling great about the progress, but a lot more to do. Your second question, China outbound, some of it's hard to pick through because of Chinese New Year, it's just such a big holiday, and you guys have seen the pictures on the Internet and the train stations full of hundreds of thousands of people. It was another great Chinese New Year, but the real question is where do things swing out? We did see, let's say, a little bit of softness. Now, with China softness is all relative. It's still a fast-growing market, but a little bit of softness in outbound in kind of Q3, Q4, a strong Chinese New Year, and then we have to see from there where it goes. Obviously, the situation in China and the headlines can also rattle travelers, we haven't seen any large material effect. And I also believe our long-term thesis around China certainly hasn't changed. They are the world's largest outbound travelers, and we're going to continue to try to take a bigger share of that business going forward.
Darren Richard Huston: Thanks, Heath. Yeah, as you point out, depending on what you call a chain, we booked 10% to 15% of our business as a combination of global and regional chains. And we're always in contract negotiations with the chains. In fact our take rate is quite stable. With many chains we never or had last room availability, but over time they've given us more availability, partly because it's good business. We bring in a transient traveler. Very few of our travelers stay at the same hotel twice. And this is valuable business because it's incremental. I think what you are seeing is discomfort with maybe the way the world is changing, but you should know our relationships are quite tight. There's also a difference between the chain and the owner of the hotel. I mean, the owner of the hotel wants more of this kind of business, and most of them want to lean into our model. For me, the average chain hotel only gets about half of the business that should be coming to us, partly because of all of these restrictions that are put on it. But many chain owners are also agitating to make sure they get their fair share because the business they're not getting is either going to another chain or it's going to an independent hotel. So, yeah, I don't appreciate some of the actions that get taken at the chain level at times, but our relationships on a day-to-day basis are actually quite constructive and cordial, and our Chain business is actually quite healthy. They have great product, our customers want the product. And most of our customers when they come to Washington DC for instance, they're not looking for the Hilton or the Marriott in Washington, they're looking for a great bed in Washington. And our ranking system presents to them business is well priced. And if the product is not well priced or it's not available, it's not going to convert, and therefore it won't be presented to the customer. That's basically the way it works. And I'm always hopeful we can work through many of these issues when they arise.
Darren Richard Huston: Thanks Justin. Our model, partly the reason we get to our model is we default to it. That's the way and our entire business works. But if you look at our take rate in vacation rentals where we are charging the vacation rental owner and HomeAway or Airbnb, we'll charge a lot to the consumer. The take rates are actually quite equivalent when you look at the total take rate. I think anyone would rather charge to the owner, but if you don't have instantly verifiable deal then you might be worried that the owner is going to say, well, the person never showed up or he didn't stay or we didn't close the transaction. So we're actually in an enviable position to be able to do it the way we do. Obviously, I don't think I've ever met a consumer who likes to pay fees, and we're betting that consumers won't want to pay fees, but more importantly what we're trying to do is make booking a vacation rental or a home or an apartment as easy as booking a hotel room with the same level of trust, with the same feeling like you're going to get what you pay for. There's no post-negotiation on price, which happens sometimes on an on-request model. There's no post-negotiation. Maybe I want you to stay, or actually my room is not available now. And I believe that's where the model will ultimately end up. Getting from where we are today to where we need to there's certainly still a lot of friction, but we're finding pretty positive response to this model and it also, I think, is a nice way to set expectations with both the booker and the place that they're booking. And so we're sticking with that model. It seems to be working for us, but still a lot of work to do. But we're playing sort of a long game here that I think that more experience-centric friction-free models are the future versus how the business is being done today.
Darren Richard Huston: On Just on BookingSuite, we feel really good about the business. We don't have any numbers to share for competitive reasons. But we've built up a team, we added a new product, PriceMatch, it's a revenue management cloud-based tool, in 2015, which has been a nice addition. But generally, the demand for the product is very high and it's been as much an issue, how do we fulfill the demand for the team. But I'm proud of where it's at and we hope 2016 will be another big year for BookingSuite.
Darren Richard Huston: I think I can take both of those, Ken. Well, on vacation rentals generally, and I would say self-catered product, as well is what we call it, this includes apartments and homes and aparthotels, that part of the market has traditionally had a lot more friction in it than the hotel booking side. And as that friction gets removed you begin to see growth. Certainly, there is the Airbnb effect of this being a new way to travel, but more importantly for large groups, families; booking a self-catered product or a home is actually a really good deal, the price value equation looks great. But it's always had all kinds of friction around, well, is it going be there? Where does my money go? They want a deposit, et cetera, et cetera. And as we remove those points of friction, we're seeing good growth in that area. I don't have any numbers to share but that space is growing faster than our core business, which is what you would hope. And we feel like we have plenty of demand as we get ready supply to fill those rooms with guests who are looking for them. The other question was on Instant Book, yeah, it's still very early days, but we're happy with the way that TripAdvisor has fulfilled their side of the deal. The branding looks great. It seems to, particularly in the U.S. market where the early rollout has been, where the Booking.com brand is not as strong, I think that's helped us a lot. They're now rolling out in the markets maybe where we're stronger, maybe we'll help them a bit, where our brand might even be stronger than TripAdvisor's. But I think from a mutual perspective, it's been positive. There's a lot yet to optimize, but we sort of think about it as, wow, we've got an ad and we have a performance tool to drive more business and that's always a real positive thing for the company. I'm still, by the way, optimistic, still very supportive and let's see where things end up as Steve and his team get to roll this product out to more markets.
Darren Richard Huston: Okay. I will take the first one, Dan you take the second. We haven't seen any major impacts, but it's been a great experimental bed and I think one of the biggest learnings, and I had mentioned this in a previous comment, is customers aren't going to overpay for product. So if the properties are free to price the product the way they went to price it, but if it's overpriced then it won't convert and then they don't get any business. So in a way, the marketplace has this self-actualization to it, regardless of what the rules are. We still believe parity is a very important construct. We think it frankly offers a lot of opportunity also for the properties to have a level playing field so that we're not using our margins to undercut them. But I'm now more comfortable with any regime that people realize that if you want to get bookings on Booking, you have to have a well-priced product, and the marketplace deals with that. And if you don't, then nothing sells. Conversion goes down. Your ranking goes down, and then you don't get any business. So it's been interesting. All of our checks would say that parity in France is at least if not more healthy than most of our markets in the world. And I think that's overall good news.
Darren Richard Huston: Okay, Peter. So the first one I'll take. I think, first of all, it's important to understand how the ranking algorithm works. The primary driver of helping us get ranked is conversion. So it really is consumer interest, and you always have to be very careful on how you balance monetization with consumer interest, because if you overweight on monetization you can have a really poor quality result and then no one once wants to come to your website. So at least the way we've done it in the past is we have standard hotels and preferred hotels, and preferred hotels are only allowed to become preferred if they meet a number of experience criteria. And then they pay us a slightly higher commission and can often as much as double their bookings by being preferred. That's been our primary driver. The second one, we do allow some override, they're not used broadly, but a hotel can pay us even more commissions if they want. Say, it's a new hotel, they don't have a lot of reviews or something to try to get a slightly higher ranking, but we never allow them ultimately to buy the very top of the ranking from the very bottomed. It doesn't work that way. So we feel comfortable with the model that we have. I think it's a very – like in any auction site, you have to be really careful with this dial, because you think you might win a monetization, but if you crap up the product then you're not going to have any customers. So that's the way I think about it. And your next question was – Dan, I think you want to take Zika? Yeah.
Darren Richard Huston: Yeah. I guess just in conclusion, we're really pleased with the quarter. I hope you are. It's nice to end the year where we're growing faster than when we entered the year at our size and scale. We always are facing the law of large numbers, but a big thanks to all of our people and mostly just great execution and seeing a lot of growth initiatives begin to pay off is a great feeling. So thanks all for joining the call, and we'll see you next quarter.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And on your second question, Tom, if you look at the gross bookings we generated in Q4 and the take rate, the revenue that will ultimately generate from those, the rate is stable. So it's really just a book versus stay difference. We typically see this when we have a quarter where we accelerate to the extent that we did, but due to the lag between when the booking occurs and travel occurs, the growth in gross profit typically lags that growth in gross bookings. And in particular the strength at the end of the quarter last month will benefit to a greater extent Q1 and beyond than Q4.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Hi, Mike. We don't have guidance for you beyond Q1, but as we said on previous calls, we expect that we can deliver operating leverage in the non-ad OpEx over time. The business is growing fast, it's scalable and so even with the investments that we're making to drive growth in the future, we think that we can deliver leverage there. Off-line advertising, we're going to heavy up in periods where we think we've got good creative and it's moving the needle for us, but over the long term we expect that we would have leverage there too. We'll hit a level of spending that we think is the right level in a market and we'll hit the number of markets that we think we should be in and then our business should continue to grow faster than our spend would. So then the biggest expense is also the biggest variable and that's the online advertising. We're very pleased with what we've seen with the efficiency over the last couple of quarters, but we've had three years before that of seeing pressure on that metric and pressure on ROIs year-over-year. And so it's difficult to predict what will happen there for the future. I have great confidence that we are probably better positioned than anybody else in the market with the most choices to try and convert that paid traffic into a booking on the best websites, the best converting websites from a desktop and mobile perspective with the most clever advertising teams really tailoring our bidding approach and using best-in-class tools to make sure that we spend our money efficiently. So I like our competitive hand there, but I think that it's very difficult to predict exactly how it's going to play out in the future. We have a couple of good quarters in the books there.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And then your other question, Justin. So Paris impact, I did say in my prepared remarks that we saw about two or three weeks after the attack where our global room night growth rate dropped by more than 10 percentage points. And that was a combination of less people booking and significant increase in cancellations of bookings or that were already in our system. But then such a solid bounce back in December and such a great quarter overall from a top line and bottom line perspective that we didn't go and try to quantify any kind of an EBITDA impact to report to you. I don't feel like there's really anything to explain there, so I feel good with the quarter that we delivered despite the impact. For Easter, we don't have a number there either. I mean, there's a lot of travel that happens right around Easter and we expect that that will move from Q2 last year into Q1, but there are other breaks that people get that are just kind of around the time of Easter, or – I know for my kids, their break is still going to be in April this year, so I don't know that we could precisely quantify for you the exact impact there. But it is beneficial to revenue in Q1. It will be a little bit of a detriment to revenue in Q2. From a gross profit perspective – sorry, gross bookings perspective, it's probably a little bit net negative to Q1 and that during that period where people are traveling the bookings really drop off to a lower level because they're not booking while they're traveling. So that is the way to think about that in terms of gross bookings. And then summer comps, yeah, it was a very strong summer season for us. It's too early to predict now. We're not giving guidance for summer, but we said in our prepared remarks we feel pretty good about the macro travel environment right now and hope that will continue into the summer and paired with lower fuel prices, lower airline ticket prices, hopefully mean some good tailwinds for summer travel.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So in terms of Paris, there was nothing – I mean, our approach with advertising day in and day out is very consistent. So we're looking to generate as much business as we can at a reasonable ROI, and we didn't change anything that caused the trajectory of the business to change. That was consistent. And I think it's just amazing the resilience of people, that even a horrific event like those attacks in Paris, in a relatively short amount of time people became comfortable again with the idea of traveling. Paris still isn't back to where it was pre-attack for us as a share of our business, but has bounced back from where it was. And so I think we benefit also from being a global player with so many different choices where people can travel to, but if they're not comfortable with a particular destination they can find other places where they may feel more comfortable with traveling. So really just the resilience would be the one thing that we'd point to that, thank God there were no additional attacks and so the business bounced back.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And Lloyd, on your second question, Innovation Box, the 10-K will be out shortly and quantifies that exactly. So I'm going to leave it to the 10-K to take care that one for you. It's a significant benefit for us, as you point out. We have a risk factor in our 10-K that I'll also point you to that clearly delineates what we see as the risks related to the Innovation Box. We need to continue to qualify as being innovative, and we need to receive extensions from the Dutch tax authorities. We've done well with that since the advent of the Innovation Box. So I feel confident there. And then there's also developments at the OECD, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, where they're looking to harmonize tax treatment across European Union. And one of the things they're taking into consideration is these Innovation Box type regimes. And they've talked about doing away with them sometime in 2021. So that's certainly a risk out there. 2021 is still a long way away and tax is still subject to change, rates could change, and the OECD's interpretations could change. So those are the things that you should look to and, again, I'd refer you to the specific wording in the 10-K.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So Zika virus, Peter, thus far we haven't seen a significant impact. Most of the travel within southern hemisphere is from other destinations in southern hemisphere, so it's generally people traveling from an area that's been impacted to another area that's impacted. And so we haven't seen it as deterring travel. We don't want to predict what the impact could be for the future, but that's been the impact to-date.
