Darren Huston: This is Darren I'll take the ADR growth European economy issue and maybe Dan can comment on operating margins. No in general certainly everyone knows what's going on the euro but we're not sensing overall that there are big issues with consumer demand in Europe. Its kind a mixed bag certainly Russian outbound is down for obvious reasons, although Russian domestic travel is still quite strong. France specifically is still in a bit of malaise both as a destination and as bookers, but that's made up for the fact that the Brits as bookers are very strong the German as bookers are very strong and Southern Europe it looks like it's going to be very popular this spring and summer. So overall the U.S. is definitely one of the hottest markets in the world, but that Europe is holding up quite well at least the early signs in 2015.
Darren Huston: This is Darren. I guess I'll take both questions. First of all as it relates to what if Travelocity the pending deal with Orbitz, it's hard I'm not Expedia, so I can't exactly -- don't know exactly what they're doing but it sounds like a consolidation strategy. Our focus as a group is quite different than that. We're very focused primarily on organic growth and acquisition.  And from an acquisition standpoint, we're focused on buying premium winning brands that either add new geographies or business verticals or competencies new channels that we can add to our existing brands so if you look at our history as a group whether it was buying booking.com to compete in Europe, Agoda Asia Rentalcars in rental cars, KAYAK in meta, OpenTable in restaurants and then recently Buuteeq to help build our booking suite business it's all been adjacent growth versus doubling or tripling down on similar brands.  My own view is I don't see the deal that Expedia if it passes as being a negative for our group I think of anything it consolidates and clarifies competition and there's still plenty of room to grow. If you think travel market it was 1 trillion market recently someone said it was 1.3 trillion market so if you add both all of our business and Expedia's business together still less than 10% of the total opportunity space. And if you look at the U.S. specifically for us it's all upside and we plan to work very hard to continue to increase our share in the U.S. market, so to me it just shows that there's a tremendous potential ahead and we're just staying very focused on what we do well and I'm sure Expedia will do the same so I don't see it overall as a negative. In terms of Expedia's growth rates we obviously have always prided ourselves on being very highly profitable and continuing to grow very fast I'm super proud of this the 28% growth on top and bottom-line that we printed in 2014 it's always good to remind you that when we talk about our room nights are all 100% organic and that's just a very different result the way you're saying Expedia but I do give them a lot of credit they seem to have printed a great quarter but we just have a different philosophy as it relates to building business for the long-term. And then mobile specifically, yes mobile is I've been here now 3.5 years and by far is the biggest thing that changed in our business. And it's causing all sorts of issues and questions in terms of how do you generate demand, how do you build experience but as I've always said for an e-commerce player like us mobile is a net-net positive. It's allowing us to serve customers over multiple streams and whether they arrive first on our phone or a tablet or a PC it's not important to us as how do we basically become relevant to them other than being just a transaction how does OpenTable are booking or Agoda create more relevancy in the end-end experience that they're having on a local basis. True enough we do spend money on buying business that originates on mobile phones and that market is still it's still not been most perfect market it's still quite chaotic but we feel we've gotten a lot smarter about how buy our business. Some brands are very app driven, if you look at OpenTable or KAYAK, other brands are very mobile web driven and then brands like Booking have a bit of both.  And we feel if anything or the skills we built on the desktop we're feeling as good or if not better about the skills that we're applying in the mobile environment to buying new demand and I don't think increase in mobile to any degree because we have a common ROI standard I don't think the increase mobile to any degree has driven us to any lower standard, if anything the one real positive is driving more of our business direct to our brands versus having to buy it.
Darren Huston: Okay, I'll take Doug. This is Darren again, I'll take those. So first of all let me talk first about OpenTable, since we bought it we made a massive investment replatforming the OpenTable B2B software as now going to be all cloud based. The whole frontend has been replatformed so we can run AB experimentation on it. There's been a lot of best practice sharing, you're going to see the OpenTable product now improve at a very dramatic pace because we put it on to this new modern and cloud based platform.  We've also now posted our position that our beginning hiring for a number of international cities,. I'll let you do your own research there in terms of which cities we're expanding into So, I would say it's time to date has been a lot of best practice sharing. Betting some of the plumbing done in 2015 for us is a big investment year for OpenTable. And, as we've always said, we're going here to create something that is going to be truly a global platform and a modern eCommerce platform and where we remain very bullish on the opportunity with that asset and certainly today we've been performing above the level of hat we had expected it too, but really the best is yet to come.  And then as it relates to Booking Suite, we bought Buuteeq and a smaller company called Hotel Ninjas. That team now has been completely brought into booking.com. We've rebranded it Booking Suite. We're now in the market with a number of products, mostly Web site products. The demand for those products is very strong. And we're just now in a rhythm of really trying to scale the old Buuteeq business now that is fully integrated with Booking and the receptivity from the market has been very strong. So, what we're doing there is building out a SaaS-based business. It takes a little bit of time to get going but it's a really nice annuity revenue stream. But almost as importantly, it's bringing us closer to hotel partners and showing that as a company we can add value fame as well as a marketing service to software provider.  And then, finally, with Ctrip, there I'd say that the biggest highlight has been a significantly growing outbound business, both with Agoda and Booking.com on Ctrip. That reflects of course a very strong Chinese market. We have also seen our non-Ctrip business by the way growing very strong. Ctrip now is a branded experience so customers are learning ability Booking.com and Agoda, a and that's obviously very valuable to us. The other side of the Ctrip deal was getting Ctrip hotels onto the Booking.com Web site. We now have, let's call it, a few handfuls of their hotels on our Web site. It's taken a little bit longer because we've had to work to make those hotels and upgrade the product so that it was at the level of the product we have on our Web site otherwise. But we're getting good traction there and we look in the coming quarters to significantly accelerate our rollout of Ctrip properties in China. I had mentioned this before but one of our biggest challenges in China is most business at Chinese hotels is domestic and we really are really strong on inbound and outbound and the feature our product portfolio is going to allow us have a very competitive selection of properties for domestic Chinese guests, as well. So, those are the three. C trip in particular, if you've all followed it, they are in a super competitive environment. We're really supportive of James and his team. We think they have the strongest hand in the market. And we still believe that today and we're proud of the deal we have and we're working really closely with them as they fight the competitive battles that they are fighting, which has largely been a domestic Chinese challenge.
Darren Huston: This is Darren I will take first one and a fair shot at the second if Dan can have anything to add. Yes with respect to Airbnb we have a lot of respect for what they are doing. It is still as good as their website is as it's still a relatively high friction process of booking on Airbnb but the whole sharing economy peer to peer is a real force. I will remind people that on average every day we have more than a 1 million guests if we do the math and if you look at the total number of units that are actually bookable on Booking.com it far exceeds what's available on Airbnb.  The interesting dynamic is really happening in the vacation rental space. We're coming into the market with an instantly bookable, immediately confirmable product -- they are coming from the bottom up with a sharing economy and there is a lot of interest among our consumers in self-catered product and whether that product ultimately ends up being somebody's sofa or being in a aparthotel room in Paris nobody knows but one of the things that Airbnb is really helping us with is the rules in this space have traditionally been very foggy and gray and city by city around the world the rules are now getting written and that helps us a lot because we're always going to play on the right side of the rules but they have always been a little bit foggy and we will see where that all goes at the end of day.  We're seeing some -- we don't see a big impact on hotel demand based on this new advent of what I would call self-catered demand I mean that's all up Airbnb, us, other players but maybe one day you will see that shift and obviously the big hotel brands I don't think are sitting still either. We see a lot of properties for instance in Europe where they will have the hotel and then they have an apartment block in behind the hotel you use the hotel front desk but then as a family you might stay in the apartment. That's kind of new behavior is a reaction I think to some of this current trend at least.  And then as it relates to mobile unit economics I should also qualify that mobile web search is primarily still a Google business and it is working better and better. So even when we acquire a customer on the phone one of the best ways to do it is through Google and through their web search. But as I look forward what we've generally done is our business has become more direct we're leaning even heavier into some of these channels.  We certainly keep ROI standards but I can't particularly say if along long-term online will be a lesser percentage. But we will continue to adjust our marketing mix and we think that our margin level we need to keep throwing out the fishing net to find more and more customers. And we're not satisfied just to work off the loyalty of our existing customer base. So a lot of it depends on the opportunity to cast the fishing net in a ROI positive fashion and it's hard to really predict that based on the competitive dynamics in some of these markets.  But the one thing that is real is we're having to adjust our marketing mix overtime based on mobile specifically but also based on the ability of let`s call it, the non-Google participants to create products that are ROI standards but I positive for us and we're seeing progress at places like Facebook for instance. I mean others where they are improving the ability for direct responsible to performance marketers like The Priceline Group to buy their products and that's a real good thing for us and because it hasn't been that case traditionally over the past. 
Darren Huston: Okay. Thanks, Mark. So we don't have any new numbers on vacation rentals, we gave a trailing 12-months but I will say is the vacation rental business is outgrowing our business. And so the next time we say a number maybe we do it a year from the first time we said the number and you can think about it in that way. So it's becoming a greater proportion of our business. I always also flag you have to be careful with property count.  That's why we added the vacation rental sub number because those properties do come in with less units than our traditional hotels. And that's why you will see our property count continue to expand at a rate faster than our overall business because we're bringing on less units per property. And I think that will continue to be the case going forward. I'd say and I don't we're not by any means done with acquisitions as a lot more to do and then next move in vacation rental is to really address the home owner versus property managed vacation rental product and we're well in our way to doing that.  And in terms of acquisitions or opportunity space, number one, I would say we have a lot to digest right now, and we're in what I consider to be the most attractive spaces. And the addition of restaurants is just an amazing opportunity for the group. Areas are very low margin business and its right with customer service concerns and our plan right now is a little piece of Priceline but also growth KAYAK which plays about OTA and direct air.  And even though air is not a very attractive business from an EBITDA perspective, it is an important part of travel and we want to make sure that whatever we do in air that we remain relevant in air. And certainly with over 90 partnerships of airline build around the world including Ryanair and EasyJet and KLM, et cetera, we play an important partnership of did you monetize air into things like hotels bookings.  But as I look forward, yes, attractions are interesting. We're doing a lot of experimentation right now with various elements of cross sell. Always we're looking at things that, yes, we could make money off of but much more importantly. What are the things we can cross sell it improves the experience of a consumer and it enhances their loyalty. If you follow Booking right now, for instance you'll see us do a lot of pre-trip e-mails. And you'll see us now, we have insider guides of the top cities in the world and within those guide you'll see us testing and experimenting with various things. But again we're going not become the charge key shop itself 50 different things to just make a little bit more money we're really conginets in this. What is the use of really wanted to do. And if any of those things gets big traction then we'll figure out should we enter this space organically, through acquisition, or an alliance, or some other mode, is the way I think about it. But at this specific moment, we've got our hands full and we're by and large focused on organic execution.
Darren Huston: Since we started primarily focusing on hotels even moving into bed and breakfasts and hostels and even treehouses and igloos and everything we've added to the site as presenting new challenges. And what we do is we bring in we experiment with it we adjust our business system.  Recently we rolled out a simple extranet and we've got a lot of other things in the pipeline to specifically address the needs all the way down to the single unit, single property single owner model. I mean that ultimately as a company it's our destination we're here to be the world's largest inventory and selection of accommodation at the best price of the simplest experience and it's very much fits that.  I honestly don't believe the challenges are insurmountable but it takes a lot of work in an industry that's traditionally operated in a very different fashion than modern eCommerce which is the ability device things that a price and we'll actually booked them without ever having to talk to the seller of the product and that's what we're working towards And, frankly I'm quite optimistic -- not that we have the answer to everything at this moment but we've got really smart teams working on this right now and over to Dan on the $3 billion.
Darren Huston: And Naved on the second question, the way I like to think about the cross sell is a very narrow way to think about it, that would be I made a hotel booking and immediately I'm going to make a restaurant booking and I think of the much bigger opportunity as cross-promotion meaning A, I live in Italy and I love using Booking.com -- oh and you can also do that with restaurants and that's the part that we've seen the biggest interest. If we look at our insider guides and our pre-trip e-mails the biggest thing people are interested in who book accommodations is restaurants. The restaurants nearby or they booked and the ability on that first night if they arriving late, where can I eat, any of our hotels have restaurants and as a competitive thing within the space the persons sitting in there and that we're absolutely confident that there is significant interest in that but we need to then get of course is great relevant content get the OpenTable reviews, the photos, et cetera and really lace those two things together but we're quite optimistic, I'd say all of that in OpenTable's proposition is not going to grow as a primary just because of Booking.com. OpenTable will need to stand on its own as a business which it has in the United States and I'm confident will internationally.  Booking.com will be a nice new group of tens of millions of customers we can introduce the concept to and that's really the way I think about it versus get a hotel booking, get a restaurant booking. Although by the way we've tested that it works but it's not like the biggest idea in terms of the synergy between the brands.
Darren Huston: Thanks Tom. It's really we say intra-Asian travel because it really has been the strength of the group, if you look at the Agoda brand in Southeast Asia really is the leading people way book accommodations in Southeast Asia, and then with the addition of booking.com which brings travelers from all over the world in Asia and Asians amongst Asia, it really plays to our strong suite of brands. There are very large domestic OTAs in the market, the Ctrips, the Gilands, the Rackatins, who do actually very high volume business but their business is largely domestic and we have a pretty good sense from our hotel partners that we're the leading players from market share standpoint in terms of how Asians move within Asia, meaning from country to country.
Darren Huston: Thanks Brian. Agoda has a loyalty program that was very points driven. It's as much my philosophy as some of the brand CEOs. I grew up at Starbucks and other places. My own view, and what we've seen in the data, is that customers are most loyal when you give them a great experience. And that's what we've been focused on. And it's driven if you look at repeat behavior if you look at a number of bookings share of wallet in a year we've seen in our biggest brands it won't have a formal and post loyalty program significant increases in those kind of metrics every single year that we've been in a business. So, that's what we focus on.  The other question though is for high volume travel what you do and most of our business is built off of leader travelers they don't actually book that often  But for high volume travel it seems like loyalty is an aspect. By the way, it is a very deep aspect more in the United States than it is in many other parts of the world where people take a lot more leisure travel versus pure business travel. So, we've always been interested in what is the role of points and loyalty programs, what role should The Group play in that. By the way, some of these programs, you think they drive people to be more loyal but they can actually make them more dissatisfied with you because people will give you points and then make it harder and harder for you to use your points that's what marketers do and CFOs do at times looking at Dan so there's also cautions with these things, but we're obviously very interested it hasn't been a big issue for us in the past or when you do look at specific pockets of high volume traveler that's where probably we have the greatest going forward interest in this topic.
Darren Huston: We're are cognizant of Millennials I think another thing I would add to your list, its MHAs it's things like Booking Now they basically like not to go to Paris or London or New York, they like to just wander off into the countryside many of them don't have computers they only have phones. So thinking of all of those things and as well as having product on the site, we're one of the world leaders in hostels. If you go to our any hostel in Europe a lot of people using booking.com to book hostel so making sure that we're relevant to this next generation of travelers is also helping us to make sure relevant with the emerging lifestyles of consumers. So we do a lot of work not I wouldn't say traditional marketing work like we're now buying ads on just programs that Millennials watch that's never been something we do but we target them more from the data perspective and also making sure that the product that we have is relevant to their lifestyles and at least the data that we see shows that we have a very large group of young people who use booking.com on a regular basis even backpacking through Europe we're thing. We're not just a rich person product and that obviously keeps the brand healthy and we hope that the hostel stayers become hotel bookers et cetera through their life cycle.  But it's a great question and certainly watching my own children the world is changing very-very fast and we want to make sure relevant the way that they use their screens versus the way that Dan and I would use our stream which was quite different.
Darren Huston: Okay well thank you very much and thank you all for joining the call and we look forward to getting back into the weeds on execution there I think Dan mentioned the currency is the translation challenge for us but as the team we continue to be very focused in organically executing through the way that we've always done and we're very optimistic in where the business will be going in the coming quarters years et cetera. So thank you.
Daniel Finnegan: And Heath on operating margins so yes we said that we expect the pressure to diminish as we go throughout the year as it relates to other non-advertising OpEx expenses. We already advertise aggressively in all variable channels and we'll spend an unlimited amount of money there regardless of what's going on with OpEx as long as we can get a fair return on our investment, so the impact of less margin pressure from OpEx should benefit bottom-line and the how advertising plays out is just completely separate story.
Daniel Finnegan: I agree we're not moving away from paid search we're moving closer to we're looking for every opportunity to spend money with our partners to drive business profitably and we're seeing nice growth in our direct business which we hope will continue over time but -- and that may cause what you would perceive to be moving away but we're actually diving in with both feet partnering with our HR partners to drive more opportunities for both of us. 
Daniel Finnegan: On the stock buyback authorization Mike similar to all of the authorizations we've had in the past that's open ended there is no specific time frame by which we need to execute that. If you'll look at our tract record we've been active in the market and Q4 we bought back over 500 million over the last couple of years we bought back $1.6 billion for worth of stock. That said this is the biggest buyback authorization we've ever gotten from our board. We got it because we want to use it will be active in the market. But we're not going constrain ourselves by stating the pace at which we will execute it. 
Daniel Finnegan: Hi Naved. On the TV ad spend, we're not giving any guidance for the year, we didn't mention it as it relates to Q1 being a factor positively or negatively related to guidance so you can assume it's fairly neutral. As we added more and more markets over the last couple of years and then you continue to spend on those markets at the same amount or some relative increase that's not growing as fast as our business the pressure on operating margin subsides to an extent that said we still like the results we've seen in all the markets where we've launched our advertising and we'll likely to launch an additional market for this year particularly for Booking.com and so when we do that you can't see from quarter-to-quarter some operating pressure when we add those new markets.
Daniel Finnegan: And for the second part Tom, regarding Q4 we said the favorability for operating margins was mainly driven by better than forecasted online ad ROIs. So not so much of a mix issue direct growing faster and that's also in there but that was in our forecast. We don't get into the specifics of much driving those better ROIs but you know all the elements that go into it, it's got CTCs conversion which we got are great teams, had all of our brands working hard every day to approve cancellation rates, unit economics. So the way that all blended our in Q4 was favorable to what we had assumed in our forecast.
