Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you. And welcome to Priceline's First Quarter Conference Call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the first quarter of approximately $6.7 billion, up 44% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $221 million or $4.28 per share, up 61% versus prior year. First quarter results surpassed FactSet consensus estimates of $3.95 (sic) [$3.97] per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were 45.9 million for the quarter, up 47% year-over-year. Our international business recorded 58% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis, down from 67% in Q4. Growth rates benefited generally from higher ADRs and continued high growth rates in APAC and the Americas. Growth rates were impacted by slowing growth in Southern European markets and a difficult comp as bookings growth accelerated in the first 2 quarters of last year. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply and strong results at Rentalcars.com. Booking.com's platform now has over 210,000 hotels and other accommodations, up 55% over last year, and is building its brand in new markets by driving reservations to those destinations and growing demand in those regions for hotels around the world. Agoda continues to expand its network of hotels and is building APAC distribution as the business scales. They have a significant opportunity in the fast-growing APAC market and can also help APAC customers with their travel to other parts of the world. We believe the group's international hotel business is providing great value to its hotel partners. For Booking.com and Agoda, approximately 90% of booked room nights in 2011 went to independent and small group hotels and approximately 70% of those room nights represented reservations for travel in another country. Through our platform and substantial marketing spend, we believe we are providing our participating hotels with a very efficient way to reach the international leisure traveler. Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 12% in the first quarter due primarily to growth in retail hotel room night gross bookings aided by improved ADRs, growth in retail airline ticket sales and higher fares and growth in domestic rental car reservations. Merchant gross bookings growth of 34% continues to reflect growth at Agoda and Rentalcars.com. Growth of 41% in rental car days represents substantial acceleration from Q4, reflecting improved results in the U.S. business and the growing contribution from Rentalcars.com. Economic conditions in Europe remain a challenge and are reflected in the lower relative growth rates in southern peripheral countries and a weakening of the euro, which puts pressure on our dollar-denominated results. We also now see changes in the political environment which add additional uncertainty. In light of these uncertainties, we believe the group's business performed well in the first quarter, and we are pleased with the progress of our brands in growing and improving their platforms. Our aim is to continue expanding and building our brands, which provides substantial earnings to reinvest in growth while maintaining attractive operating margins. I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I don't think so, Mark. I think it would be fair to say that Booking.com has been doing business with the large multinational chains, particularly the ones headquartered in the United States for a shorter period of time than priceline.com has, or some of our competition. So there's still some building going on there. But Booking.com is doing well with the international chains. They very much like the international traveler demand, which was the other statistic that I mentioned, where 70% of the room night reservations were for travel in another country and Booking.com is a unique source for that kind of traffic.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I don't think that, given the size of the business, you could fairly represent that it's all incremental, but what I do believe is that, for most of these hotels, their source of demand for that kind of traffic would be an offline travel agent operating through a consolidator, which is a very, very expensive source of demand for a hotel.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think you have to keep in mind that the Olympics are for a short period of time and in one city. And our international hotel business is truly global and quite diversified, so that would temper the impact of even a short-term production and supply availability for the City of London during the Olympics. I think our teams have done a very good job of trying to manage for and build availability for our customers during the time period of the Olympics. And I think they're going to do a very good job of selling business during that time period. But given that it's one city and for a 2-week time period and the global nature of our business, I think that's really what was behind our earlier comments.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So with respect to mobile, Heath, certainly, the trend of traffic moving to mobile and an increase in mobile traffic as a percentage of our total traffic is continuing, and it's driven not only by the functionality that we're leasing into the marketplace, but just the proliferation of the devices and consumer adoption. So continues to be a fast-growing source of business, very -- we continue to be very excited about it. And all of our brands are devoting resources to try to capture that opportunity. We are finding our businesses generally performing well in mobile environments. Our applications are ranked well. We've got good traction in terms of downloads. A couple of our brands, Booking.com and priceline.com, have Tonight-Only kinds of offerings. And those are performing well, but I think it's fair to say that the demand for hotels goes beyond the inventory that's available for a Tonight-Only discount. So we're just making a lot of reservations for normal everyday savings on Booking.com. We're making a lot of reservations for opaque hotels on priceline.com where we have the broadest supply of deeply discounted inventory of any other player. And it's really a great opportunity to promote those kinds of products, doing well in the rental car space here in the United States. So we continue to be very excited about it. With respect to China, hotel counts for both Booking.com and Agoda are increasing, and we're devoting resources to increasing our hotel coverage in China. The principal sources of demand for those hotels remains the international traveler for both Booking.com and for Agoda, the international traveler in the APAC region. I think we're doing reasonably well selling international destinations to Chinese travelers because we have, at least in our view, some of the best product out there for them. The purely domestic traveler is something that's still -- is an opportunity that's -- we're not deeply penetrated in. We have some business. We're working on it. We'll continue to work on it, but that's not a big part of the business today.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So with respect to hotel inventory and comprehensiveness, I think we've got a lot of properties that we need to sign up for Agoda and Booking.com, especially in new markets for those brands around the world. I noted in my prepared remarks that the hotel count -- hotel and other accommodation count for Booking.com was up over 50% year-over-year, and that gives an indication that we're still able to add additional properties. I've also said in the past that some of these properties are smaller hotels, other sources of accommodations. So there may be a point of diminishing return with respect to signing up. Some of these properties may not be as valuable as some of the earlier properties that we've signed up, but I think there's a lot of running room especially in the new markets. With respect to capital deployment, our approach to that has not changed. We remain opportunistic. We have an open authorization to repurchase additional common shares, if we should decide to do that. And we also remained active in looking at other businesses, as we have over the last 10 years, and are happy to have a fairly substantial amount of capital to do that if that becomes opportunistic, as well.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And on the supply side, when our brands are going into a new market these days, many of the hotels are familiar with the company and the amount of demand, international demand in particular, that Booking.com and Agoda represent. And so many hotels reach out to us directly. Usually, when our folks show up to talk about a contract with a new hotel, they know who we are and they've got a pretty good understanding of what the opportunity is. With respect to sort of what are the issues with the hotels, it's also very important for us to build availability in existing hotels. As our business grows, it's necessary for us to have availability to satisfy the substantial demand we're bringing into the websites. So a big part of the task of our staff is to make sure that the hotels understand the kind of demand they can get from us and are providing availability so that we can satisfy that demand. And as you get into high season, that becomes of a paramount importance contrasted to getting the next new hotel in the front door.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think what -- their commentary there was driven in part by their own margin situation. They may have hotel room nights that are being stayed in more recent quarters at a lower commission or perhaps on an agency model rather than a merchant model with a little bit lower revenue per room night for Expedia. And I think they also indicated that they were doing some discounting, particularly at the Hotwire brand. And so those 2 things would be particular to them and not necessarily applying to us.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Well, we certainly see lower ADRs in some markets compared to others. And for example, some markets in Asia can have lower ADRs, so mix of business regionally can have an impact on your ADRs for sure.
Jeffery H. Boyd: We do not give the exact same statistic that Expedia does, but you can look at our international gross profit dollars, which are mostly hotels, and compare that to room nights and try to come up with your own triangulation. But that's not something that we specifically disclose at the Priceline Group.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I don't think we've represented that a lot of hotels use Booking.com exclusively. And if they do so, it's not because there's any agreement to do so, it's because they've chosen to use their resources for something else rather than signing up another hotel provider. That's not a baked in part of the Booking.com strategy. And I'm sorry, your second? You went pretty fast there.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Justin, so in terms of saturation with hotels, we've been adding properties even in places like the U.K., which is the most mature online travel market. Some of those properties are not hotels, they're B&Bs and vacation apartments and the like. So as I've mentioned previously, it's not the same as adding a hotel that's got 1,000 rooms in it or something, but it provides additional accommodations for customers and adds value to the platform. So we continue to find properties and accommodations to bring on to the website. As I mentioned in response to an earlier question, availability continues to be very important, but there's a lot of very big regions outside of Europe where we've got some substantial hotel staff for both Booking.com and Agoda signing up new hotels and new properties. So I do think that the growth that we've been able to demonstrate in the Booking.com hotel platform has been pretty impressive over the last year, at least in our opinion, despite having been at this in the European market for many, many years and successfully so. With respect to the increase in paid traffic, any online consumer-facing business would love for all of the customers to come directly to our website without going anywhere else first, and so we try very hard to build our strong brands and an outstanding user experience so that, if we have to pay for a customer once, we have a very good chance of getting them back directly. And our data shows we do a pretty good job of driving repeat business. Having said that, paid channels in the online world provide measurable and attractive way to access new customers and so we'd like to see the business grow in paid channels. And in fact, it's critical to the growth of our business around the world that we continue to do well in paid channels. If you look at the thing that's driving the biggest part of the mix that Dan mentioned, it's really the fact that the international business, which really is in online brands, or our all online brands, are going faster than the domestic business. And at the very highest level, that's something that we're very happy about because it's building franchise value and building our earnings.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So I think that the Asian markets, in particular, are very competitive today. Not only are our major competitors there and effectively so, there are a lot of local businesses that are our solid competitors too in the search marketplace. So we don't feel like we're operating in a market that doesn't have solid competition in it today. And based on the public pronouncements of Expedia in particular, I think they have been very aggressive in Asia over the last couple of years, and I would expect them to continue to be so. The critical element in all of this is that, in order for somebody to advertise, though, they have to have something to sell and they have to have a website and a consumer proposition that converts because you can spend all the money in the world but that's not a guarantee that the customer actually buys something when they get to your website. And I think that's the challenge that we all face when we go into a new market. But we've had pretty good success in building that organic growth, first, with the international traveler who wants to go to that new destination and then, over time, with the domestic traveler.
Jeffery H. Boyd: With respect to Booking.com, in the United States, Booking continues to build its hotel supply here. The project started off primarily as a way to provide inventory for the international traveler coming into the United States, and that's still a big part of the business for Booking.com. It's clearly serving some U.S. customers traveling within the United States these days. I think investors should keep in mind that those reservations are not included in how we define growth in the U.S. business. They're included in Booking.com's results, which are reflected in our international numbers. But we're satisfied with their progress, and they're going to keep building.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Hotel Finder, we participate in it and we've worked hard to provide a competitive offering for that particular product of Google. They are not driving substantial amounts of their general search traffic to Hotel Finder at this point in time. So while it's generating some business and that business is growing, it hasn't substantially replaced what's being provided through their normal text link search functionality.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I don't think cannibalization is a significant concern. We have substantial hotel inventory for customers who want to stay in hotels. The other accommodations typically are attractive to people who are searching for other accommodations, and our marketing efforts would tend to be more focused on people who are looking for other accommodations. There may be some spillover, but our belief is that adding that inventory to the total mix has been additive. The efficiency may not be the same as adding a large hotel who's got a professional revenue manager, who's keeping the prices up to date. It may take a little bit more time and attention to make sure that the people who are running a smaller business can keep their inventory up to date and get their pricing right. But we believe it's additive to the business. And what we're most focused on, really, is our user experience, our guest experience, to make sure that they're -- they have a convenient and predictable booking experience and stay experience.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Again, I think staying at a bed-and-breakfast is different than staying at a hotel. So if a customer is confused, you could have an issue there. But our sites have great disclosure on them and our business processes are designed to make sure that the process of making a reservation is smooth. And if we have an accommodation where we're getting a lot of complaints from customers, we would deal with it.
Daniel J. Finnegan: For Q1, Ross, what we said was that units decelerated overall, but from the point that we reported at year end and gave guidance for Q1, there was acceleration from that point forward through the end of the quarter. So overall, it was deceleration for the quarter. In terms of linearity on Q2, each month is progressively more significant than the last month and so the biggest part of the quarter, by far, is yet to come. Our forecast reflects the fact that, last year, it was a very strong performance with strong acceleration year-over-year and so we've reflected fairly significant deceleration for the back half this year as a result of that comp. In terms of regions in Europe, the only one that we've called out really as noticeable in terms of softness in growth rate and ADR trend is Southern Europe and only certain countries within southern Europe. Besides that, nothing that I would highlight is being way off trend.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So Herman, for our advertising spend, you have it right. So Q1 is typically a quarter where we have a fair amount of spend as people are shopping for spring and summer travel, and then a large amount of our revenue is recognized in later quarters when the checkouts or car drop-offs occur in Q2 and then, to a much larger degree still, in Q3. So that's the linearity with the spend in relation to revenue recognition.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Well, we pointed out for Q1, Aaron, that retail airline tickets performed strongly, and so that drives a fairly sizable amount of gross booking dollars. And we're not forecasting the same level of strength for Q2. So somewhat of an impact on the gross bookings line but less of an impact on gross profit.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So Doug, for the second quarter guidance, we talked about very modest deleverage, so I wouldn't spend too much time on that. We've talked about the mix impact on online advertising impacting us. And I made a comment in my remarks about -- we're constantly concerned about if ROIs were to decline because of factors that are not entirely within our control: click costs increased or unit economics decreased, conversion rates decrease. That could have a potentially significant impact on our operating leverage. But besides that, the other factors are not quite as dramatic. We've had some ramp-up in personnel to make sure that we're able to handle the current size of the business and future expected growth. We've opened some new offices. We've invested in IT and we've had increased depreciation expense. So those are other items that contribute to pressure on operating margins. But our margins have been strong in prior reported quarters. And it's modest deleverage for Q2. So those are some things that we think about, particularly as it relates to online advertising, which is such a significant expense for us. And if facts change there, that could have an impact, going forward.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Brian, in terms of room night trends in Europe, it's still a substantial part of our international business and our total worldwide business, and so the trends are following what you see in our total room night trends. So there is deceleration in Q1, and that is again largely due to the comp where we had very strong growth last year in Q1. In terms of visibility into the remainder of the year, our -- we've said in the past our bookings window is better expressed in weeks rather than months, so we have some visibility into this quarter and beyond, but it becomes more and more limited the farther out you advance.
