David Goulden: Oh, Glenn, I think you said it well, Just in response to your last part of the question, Kevin, as we said, our business in the U.S is more heavily mix to hotels alternatives than our global average. So therefore the growth rate has to be driven by both. We don't have levels of growth that we're seeing without seeing strong growth in the hotel business.
David Goulden: No, no additional data points on the mix of 6.6 million. What I just clarify, Mario, is that the comment that Glenn made about gaining share gains with a larger professional manager that's really related to how we're doing in the U.S. Now the specific U.S., like he point I'm not saying that's not the case worldwide. I'm just saying that if you remember, Australia's really get a lot of additional properties in the U.S with the target, more of the pressure managers where there's a lot of high quality supply available through those managers again, single property owner own properties that are available via managers. So the content we were making was there relative to what we're doing in the U.S.
David Goulden: Yes, let me talk a little bit about marketing, what was going on. I think I understood the question. But basically what you see was in Q2 our marketing expense as a decline of our gross bookings, which is the way to look at it. Because if you look at it versus revenue, you’ve got all the different books to say timing things in there. So look at some potential of our gross bookings. That ratio improved in the second quarter. So definitely, our marketing expenses declined more than our gross bookings did. Two factors, we do see higher ROIs across many of our paid channels that we store a couple years ago, but we also saw a nice increase in mixed awards direct as well. So the more you have direct mix analysis, then the less we're paying for marketing to attract those new customers. So I'd say, nothing particularly unique to fall out and that’s the marketing environment that’s still, I would say, isn't fully stable yet clearly. We are still going through a stage of recovery in the industry. So not all factors are directly comparable with where we were with 2019. But we were pleased to see that the ROI improved. Now bear in mind what I said about the Q3 implies that the opposite is likely to happen in Q3. Obviously, we're only a month into Q3. But we asked if we got a marketing spend in Q3 it is, historically the core, where we spend the most is the peak season. We want to recap the demand, the customers that are out there will also be increasing our spend -- brand spend in Q3 relative to Q2. So that's one of the contributors to essentially what will be some deleveraging marketing spend relative to gross bookings in Q3. So we'll see how the quarter develops, because that's what we expect to happen in the third quarter. But in the first two quarters, we did see that there is an ROI, helping us create some leverage on the marketing line.
David Goulden: Glenn, I think you said well. We are pleased, we'll have to wait and see when the dust settles. I think market shares, better measure over the course of a year than a quarter or two quarters we're only two quarters into the year. But we're pleased with things with how things are going. Our growth rates relative to what we see happening out there. But we'll count that -- we will count that and talk about if we can more at the end of the year when we got some more concrete data on how the market actually developed.
David Goulden: Yes, well, I'll start with just to kind of make sure that what we're saying. So to recalibrate or restate what we said, we have more gross bookings for the summer, for the remaining summer, then at the same time, in 2019, same time, I enjoyed 2019. Now we have that same time for Europe and North America. So assuming that cancellation rate stays the same, then that would potentially result in more revenue in those markets for the summer months for the remaining summer month. I did notice -- I did also point out that we will have -- that we have a high percentage of cancelable bookings out there or refundable bookings out there that we had at the same time in 2019 as well. So there's obviously some risks that more of those bookings cancelled than they were done in the same period of time. So it means basically that potential revenue base for the summer is higher now in those two markets than it was in 2019. Now, obviously, to offset that is what's happening in Europe -- sorry in Asia and what's happening in rest of world. We don't have a situation, the revenue or the bookings on the books, which will be potential revenue in those markets are substantially below where they were at the same time at the end of July in 2019.
David Goulden: Yes, and then on the second quarter ROIs, our playbook really has not changed. And our strategy and performance marketing channels have not changed. We continue to seek high quality traffic at the right price. And to us, high quality means high converting traffic, lower probability cancellation, which was recalculate a high probability of those coming back to us on a daily basis. And those are things that kind of go into our bidding strategy plus all the damage that occurred in each of those marketplaces. So we expect there'll be ROI volatility throughout the recovery. Of course, we also look at what the developer demand is and when there are time to get leading versus leading more. We are certainly looking at this as an opportunity to win customers onto our platform and get new customers and we mentioned a very healthy mix of new customers on -- in the business quite similar to nature as it was in feature '19. So we're pleased with how things are going. We like the way that we're bringing back existing customers. We like the way we're winning new customers. We are pleased to see the existing customers come back generally much more directly than the new customers, which you expect as part of the playbook. So I'd say many factors go into those ROI calculations, including cost per click conversion rates, cancellation rates, and we're still in a period of relatively high volatility in each of those compared to where we were in 2019.
David Goulden: Yes, there's a lot more to say. I think we wanted to help, we will give you some data points to understand how our active customers by people are actually actively booking on the site have recovered. And the mix -- a healthy mix of new customers only slightly below what we saw in Q2 '19. I think those are good signs. So I don't want to get into the segmentation with our customers. Obviously, there are some customers who book very often, some customers took book wise much and we love them all. But we will make sure we can treat them differently. And I say that's part of the reason why we have a Genius program. Of course, the more often you work with us or book for us on Booking.com I move up the Genius ladder and you get more benefits from the Genius program, which is I think a nice way of driving loyalty. So other than the data points we've given out before, which we thought would just be helpful, stating the grounds people understand what's going on within the business. I don't want to get into a further details.
David Goulden: No the number. First of all we have given recently, but we're over 88% leisure. And as we said, our business, first of all, it's a self declared metric when you make a booking, so it's hard to be precise about it. But the type of business travel we do have is much more unknown business travelers, Glenn explained. So we're heavily biased towards that larger segments.
David Goulden: Yes, so Asia, APAC, I mentioned that the room night growth was worse in Q2 than it was in Q1. So that really deteriorated to counteract some of the benefits and frankly, saw in the Europe and North America, of course, both puffy and Agoda cyber businesses in APAC, although clearly that's the majority of Agoda's. So the whole region is very depressed as you know. Vaccination rates are lagging in most parts of Asia. Also, response to COVID outbreaks tend to be more aggressive. And restrictions are put in place more quickly, based upon outbreaks in the Asia region across almost all countries. So travel level is very low, particularly in international travel levels exceptionally low, and still a long way to go. No recovery in Q2, in fact, worse in Q2, this Q1.
Glenn Fogel: I got a little backwards on that. So we don't disclose the breakdown of all the different categories of our alternative accommodations, how many are professionally managed, how many are single property owners and everything in between. I have said in the past and I'll repeat it that one of the areas that we do need to add more to is these single property owners. So we know that is an area that we need to focus on. In regards to your other questions about how we're doing adding care, I think we spoke a little bit about that. When I did the prepared remarks and when I just said now is a lot of this is just working hard with people are the property owners or the managers, people who have inventory that want to get it filled. It's a wonderful thing in this business that everybody knows an empty bed at night at zero revenue, you fill that bed, and you get an incredible margin on and they want to fill up their property. So we're there to make sure that they know we're there to help fill that into all things I mentioned before making sure that we can bring in that demand. I'll leave David, anything you want to disclose to them that is any different, I'm not sure if there's anything further to that.
Glenn Fogel: And regarding your question about flash deals, if you read the same article that I did, I think there was something in there about there was no official response from Booking. So let me say that I have nothing to say specifically about this, but let me reemphasize that we are putting a lot of effort into working cooperatively with our supply partners to get the incremental demand through all different ways. Being a better merchandiser and providing more value to both sides of the marketplace, is where we're going.
Glenn Fogel: So regarding diversifying our marketing efforts, you are absolutely correctly, we built this company on doing a great, great job with performance marketing channels. So we know that. But what a lot of people don't know is that Priceline.com was very, very successful in its early days in brand marketing. And of course, we Booking.com, we brought the U.S., we have lots of brand marketing. The key thing in any type of marketing program is making sure that you're getting the ROI that you want to get. And we are going to continue to do that. I mentioned in my prepared remarks about how we are looking at new channels, like social channels, you've seen, I hope, some of the things that we've been putting out, we're going to continue to experiment and do all different ways to make sure we are reaching out for every pocket of demand. But we always do it with the knowledge that it's going to be cost effective. It's going to produce in the long run, because it takes longer for brand to actually produce results. So we recognize that, but in the long run, it's got to produce the results that we want. And we're going to keep on doing that. And I believe -- I really believe that in the long run, we will have many different ways that we're going to bring in marketing. One of the key things though, before you start spending a huge amount on a brand marketing campaign is making sure that you have the product the way you want it. And that's one of the things that we are keen to do and perhaps the alternative accommodations area is really working to make sure in the U.S., for example, that we've got that product the way we wanted. In regards to market shares, we're very pleased with how we're doing right now. I haven't seen results from some of our competitors. And I'm not really going to go down country by country in terms of what our shares are. But I am pleased with the results that we're achieving. I will let David say, if he wants to give any specificity.
Glenn Fogel: Just I would say that nobody knows when this full recovery is going to happen. And I think everybody is able to throw a dart, but it's really throwing darts. Given all the variations that are happening, these new variants come out, we've seen the impact, there. The thing that I continue to say is how much we are very confident, I think everybody is that this will end at some point and we will come out of it strongly. Now, we've talked about this a bit in the past about how we want to come out of this, we want to have a bigger business, making more EBITDA, growing faster. But we've also talked a bit about margins, where we have a committee and we want to be a leader in the industry -- the leader in the industry. In terms of our margin, or EBITDA margin, but we recognize that a lot of things that we're doing nowadays can actually end up with a lower margin, obviously, air for example. I mean, it's wonderful when we say 120% increase over 2019 in air tickets, that’s wonderful. But we all know, those margins are nowhere near what they are in the accommodation business, and I can go on at different examples. The key thing for us and for our shareholders, I believe, is coming back with more EBITDA doubts and contain to grow that fit our business, so there's more of that. That's the way we're looking at it.
Glenn Fogel: So in terms of the fintech unit, there are many opportunities for us with a flow in 2019 a $100 billion worth of transaction flowing through there. We know that there are ways that we can save money for the consumers and the suppliers on both sides. And we can make good money on it too in the long run. So it's coming up with things like providing better FX tool. It's things for example, making sure that if somebody wants to pay an alternative payment method that we're able to provide that. It means making sure that we can do a better job with different types of regulations in terms of making sure that any type of transaction is not fraudulent. It's all sorts of things as a player in --- at scale, we can do things that many, many, many other partners with our partners could not do. And it's also providing conveniences to our customers who want it. But our suppliers can't do it on their own. And there are lots of different things that we can do. Even things as simple as our fintech unit setting something up, like our E-wallet, electronic wallet, that enables us to easily provide value to that customer, which can come from a supplier or it can be something that we're promoting ourselves, all different things. So what I see is not only the basics that we need to make our Connecting Trip work, which of course you have to have that if you want to create a Connected Trip with a single price point that one person pays one amount, but it's all the other types of things that we can provide that others really can't do on their own right now.
Glenn Fogel: So I'll take the air first and we'll see what David wants to say or not say about breakup of our customer base. So, air, obviously, Priceline has been doing it forever, since the company started, but in the U.S only. And Booking.com only got going this very, very recently and I mentioned 24 countries nice, but that's a lot of countries that we haven't touched yet that has to be done. And there's so many things that need to be done to really prove the air part of it Booking.com, I'm not going to list them all. But I see a lot of ways we can make that even better than it is. And that's a little bit while we haven't done any real large marketing effort on the air side yet. We got to have to talk a little bit before we start really marketing. So make sure you got the product the way you want it. So it's so encouraging that we're doing well with it right now, even though I see a lot of things that still need to be done to improve that product. It's something that we're really pleased with is seeing the attachment rate again, and something that we obviously the reason they want to do this is not just to sell a flight ticket is to actually get some of those higher margin those accommodations and build out that Connected Trip. So it's nice to see at a very early stage. And I urge you to say, listen, Kevin, I think very early stage, we're seeing good results. So I do see a lot of opportunity here in the future. But we won't be bringing out any sort of marketing on it until I feel that we have the product where we want it to be. And David, I don’t know if you want to talk about the other one.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark. So [indiscernible] just on what you said like too early, but I will add a little bit more -- I will add a little more to that. In a sense, I'm very pleased because we haven't been out really marking this yet. new customers are coming to the site, and then we're seeing them get a attractive cross-sell that I really like seeing that as a sign that this is the right direction that we're going in now. I had a good sense that was going to happen anyway, because we've been seeing that happen in Priceline for two decades where that's been happening. So I had good confidence that this would happen. But it's something that I believe we want to have a lot more data before we start coming back, U.S start showing you, here's what attachment rates are heroes, it compares to price lines, here's what we see versus industry and how many new people are coming from the air funnel versus the others, I would just leave everyone with the sense that we're very pleased. This is bringing us new customers, new customers who are buying not just flight tickets, but some of them are buying hotels, too. This is proving out a little bit of our long-term vision on this Connected Trip. Now, do I expect that to happen with something like activities? No, I'm not really think a lot of people are going to come for an activity first, then they're going to buy a flight or then they're going to buy a hotel. It's -- that's going to be a lot more the other way and helping produce the loyalty and the repeat business that we talked about. And then goes into all the things I was talking about in terms of using a wallet so we can get credits. Now, different suppliers, be able to promote different offerings in different ways to different customers, all that spins together, increasing that flywheel. And that's what we're trying to achieve, and it's just so great to see it start happening right now, even though it's very early.
Glenn Fogel: Yes, let me give a generalities about what I think about leader versus business and the purpose general what I think is going to be happening in the future. And David, go back and talk about what we've disclosed in the past about the mix. So I think you're right, in the sense that we are much more leisure oriented, and much of our business travel is small business people, these are people who are doing their own travel, this is not part of the big travel management company operation. So it's a little bit differently when we have business travelers and they act somewhat similar to leisure sometimes. The fact is, we've all seen is that leisure is out of the gate much faster than any business travel, which makes perfect sense. Because on the one hand, you have business people who say there's a risk factor when you put people in travel, etcetera. There's also the issue of costs. Why have people travel? You don't have to,. That second part, I think is very key for the future of the business. I believe that there's still going to be resistance by CFOs, now the people who are cost conscious in their businesses about do we really have to have all the travel we did in the past? Maybe not. Because with these new technologies, what we seem to be pretty effective without having to send somebody from New York to London and $15,000 for a one day meeting. I think that's going to somewhat change how the business of travel is done. There'll be fewer people up front in the plane, and spending a lot of money in those very high cost five star hotels, etcetera, which will change things a little bit. For us, we're leisure so it's not going to impact us negatively so much. In fact, they help us because there's more availability that needs to get filled up. The other thing you mentioned, though, was the NCR plays out though, with more people being able to work-from-home and deciding [indiscernible], I think Friday, I'm going to work from somewhere else and have a Friday, Saturday, Sunday or Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, mini holiday somewhere working Thursday, Friday, but at different location. How much is that going to actually build more travel? Uncertain at this time since everybody is still shifting around? What the way to work in the future? How many days are we in offices? How many days are we not in office? Nobody knows the answer to that yet. It's going to take a long time to play out. But I do hope that we'll hopefully build out more travel, we like more travel. So there's a lot of uncertainty about this and nobody really knows And even as much as I've heard the encouraging signs from some of the suppliers to some of the airlines, I saw a Deloitte report came out a couple of days ago, maybe yesterday in which the expectation of corporate travel was not as optimistic in the near-term. So I think we'd have to say, we don't know, we'll find out as it rolls out. And David, I don’t know if you want to give anything more than that in terms of the numbers for us in business trial, because I heard a now where he quoted, I'm not sure those are right or not.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So in closing, I want to reiterate our strong belief that our industry's full recovery will be hastened by everyone who can get a vaccine going out and getting it. We urge all people who are approved for a medically able to be vaccinated, to do their part to make our society safer and go out and get a vaccine. And as always, I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders, we appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you and please be safe. Good night.
