Glenn Fogel: Mark, it's Glenn. I agree with what you say. I'm very pleased with where we're sitting right now. We've talked in the past about normalization and we're happy with the numbers that we're seeing so far. Your question sort of assumed a softening of the travel business overall. Let's talk about how much and to what extent. Our goal always is to gain share. Whether the market goes up or the market goes down, I can't control demand. I can't control economies. What I can control is how well we can provide value to the travelers and to the suppliers. And as long as we continue to do that, as long as we continue to provide a reason that people should come to us as a traveler or use us as a way to distribute somebody's travel suppliers, we'll continue to gain. And we've seen this in the long run here and I expect to continue to see it in the long run going forward. I can't really give more than that right now.
Glenn Fogel: Justin, so two separate questions. One, just going back to the general sense of the travel market. And we talk about this a lot over many, many, many calls about how much we believe that the travel market is best influenced by GDP and that in the long run, GDP goes up, more people travel, more people couldn't travel, get wealthy enough that they can travel, that's a tailwind for us. And we talk about other things. You mentioned the 3% to 5%. I mean, lots of people can come up with whatever way you want in terms of global, what's global GDP? What's it going to do to travel? Numbers aren't that different or some are probably in that neighborhood, then how much additional can we get out of increasing share because we provide a good service. And then, of course, there are the other tailwinds of the off-line to the online, another one that's a point in our favor. All these things together blew the -- the growth algorithm that we've talked about in the past is totally intact. There's going to be volatility, there's going to be variations, there's going to be events are going to happen globally, macro events that happen that can influence a quarter or a week or a day. But in the long run, we just continue to build what we've been trying to build for a long time which is a better service and that's how we do it. And one of the things we've been building and we've been working hard on and I've talked about it for a number of years, how important it is for us to build an alternative accommodations business that will rival anybody's. And we admitted that it was taking us time to build it. We started from behind. Another company may have had a bigger head start on us and building it bigger. We think we've done a really good job of catching up. I love the last call we did a few months ago when we came out and we talked about it, our homes business, our homes business, more than 2/3 of the biggest player in the industry. In that last quarter, we said how we had grown faster, 11 of the last 12 quarters. Now, I don't know if our 12% is going to win or not this time, I don't know. I'm pleased with that growth rate, given the size of the business. And how are we doing it? We're doing it by doing what we do with all things is provide a reason, I said this just to Mark earlier, is that continue to build out a product that gives a person a reason to come and use it. Now I don't really care whether the customer uses a home, or a hotel, or a villa or an igloo. I don't care. I care they get what they want. That's the important thing. And then come back. In terms of the profitability of one versus the other, we can go into that and talk about it but it's not really relevant. Because what's relevant is making sure that they use what they want. We don't try and steer them. We're trying to just make sure they have the best tools to choose what they need in the long run. That's the way we'll win and create a great business.
Glenn Fogel: Right. Sure. So the booking window is an interesting thing and we saw it expanding, expanding, expanding and at some point it has to stop, right? I mean, eventually, you can't keep getting bigger and bigger. One of the things I was wondering was why. Why was it expanding? Was it expanding because of inflation and people trying to book early to get that price locked up, afraid that was going to be more expensive down the road. And then now maybe they're thinking well, maybe rates aren't going to keep on increasing, so I can wait. Maybe I'll get a lower price later. I don't know and I haven't done any data to analyze and come up with what the reason is. The fact is, window gets bigger and the window gets smaller. That, of course, influences any particular quarter but in the long run, it all averages out. So I'm not going to worry too much about that. What we do make sure though is make sure that we're spending the right amount of marketing money to try and get the right conversion, do it the right ROI and that's what we continue to do and we're very careful with that. But again, another thing, just like the economies, I can't control what people are going to decide when they want to book. In regard to the tech thing, the tech issues, if you assume you're talking about the horrific events that disrupted travel throughout the world but particularly hit some of our supplier partners significantly. Delta, horrific event and I saw the CEO's interview on Squawk Box and read about what they're planning to do. It's a problem when you have critical infrastructure breaks down and then disrupts millions and millions of people's lives. That's really unfortunate. And hopefully, it won't happen again. Hopefully, people test their products before they put them out into the market. And hopefully, there are backups. Things happen but in travel, we know happens a lot. Certainly, weather happens an awful lot. This is something though that wasn't weather which you can't control, this was making sure that your infrastructure works and will be interesting how that lawsuit turns out. I will point out, it didn't affect us very much though. So we're very pleased about that.
Glenn Fogel: So the first more generic question about goods versus services and I think your question, I'm trying to narrow it down to, I think what we're really talking about is we saw a change in people's behavior where they seem to value services significantly more than good which, of course, helps someone like us. And I think the question is, is this a permanent change or appears to go back to a balance that they had a few years ago, maybe pre-pandemic. And I think that in the end, again, this is one of those things that I believe but I don't have proof of is that as people get wealthier, you end up spending more money on services. And it ends up a lot because people generally have one home, you got one couch. You don't keep buying more and more but as your wealth increases, you want to do things, you want to enjoy things. And we see that happening. There's also -- there could be something of the Instagram effect where -- and this is a human nature that you want to show off to your friend, to your friends, all the great things you're doing, I think that definitely has some impact because we certainly -- certain parts of the world that people never used to travel to, now they are being overrun and I think that is the Instagram effect there. So that's all good for our business. I don't know how much further it will go, though, because you need to buy homes and you need to buy couches, et cetera. And I don't see that as a big swing but I'm not concerned that it's going to flip back and we're going to end up with lower; that's one. In terms of the marketing, let's talk a couple of these. I just want to repeat this point I made earlier about. One of the things that we -- I'm happy to see is seeing us making some progress in using social. We have a long problem getting that to work for us for many, many years, just didn't seem to work. But now we're seeing, okay, starting to work, getting some good ROIs. Putting more money into it like that and I think they will continue doing that. Another thing we saw that we don't talk a lot about it, I won't get too specific but we saw ourselves using money that we thought was producing a good ROI and we turned out, it really wasn't. And we shut some of these things down. I won't go into exactly what they were. And we said, that's really not hurting us. We said, "Well, that's great." And that's something that over last year or so that we saw some of the benefit in terms of our marketing leverage is coming from that. So, two good things and I'll let Ewout anything else to say about marketing there.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. Sorry about that. Thinking of the answer. I'm going to let Ewout handle the ad opportunity. I'll talk about our loyalty program, Genius which is the Booking.com program which we talked a little bit about in our prepared remarks. We really haven't talked about it much in terms of numbers in the past but I was just really pleased to be able to talk about our Level 2 and Level 3 players. 30% of our active users -- active travelers are Level 2 or Level 3. And we talked about that gives us more than half of the Booking.com business which is really great. That -- and we talk about how they come back more frequently and they come back more direct. That's the point that it works. And one of the great things about it is, for the most part, we're not paying for it. Our partners are supplying almost all the benefit right now but we talk about we are also putting some benefits at a time. We're going to experiment putting more in ourselves. But it's a great thing. You think why do the suppliers do it? They do it because it gets them incremental demand. It gets them demand when they need it, when they want it. It's very flexible. We work together with them, with these partners, so they can get the demand and the reason they get the demand is because our high Genius level people, our high-spending people and they are going to come and they're going to use those services. It's really a win-win-win. Win for our travelers, win for our partners and win for us. There aren't a lot of people who are doing a program like that. So we think it does differentiate. And I'm really happy to see car rental now doing a lot more of it and we're experimenting with flights. And part of the whole vision of the connected trip the Genius program fitting right into that comes with all different types of permutations of ways to provide better benefits to travelers and use it in a way, a scientific way, a data-driven way. A way using all of our AI capabilities, all the data we have so that we can come up with the best solutions for both sides of the marketplace. That is where -- that's what we're driving to. And I see it happening now in some of the numbers we said, I think gives a little indication. And then, of course, there will be the other thing which is really [ph] advertising opportunities are great. And I'll let Ewout talk a little bit about that.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. Well, I won't give specifics but I'll confirm what you say is true, is that somebody buys two things. It's definitely going to be bigger than one thing. And also because they bought more things, as we use the science, as we use our data, as we use all the capabilities we have to come up with, what is the value for that customer? Well, how much should we spend to attract that person is going to change, obviously. And it's also the question is in terms of loyalty. We found and it does make sense, a more satisfied customer is going to come back more often. And people in the connected trip, people who use the connected trip, we do see a higher repeat rate for a connected trip person. And we see them coming direct. And the great thing about the connected trip too is that in the past, with just one vertical which was the hotel business, we were missing on customers who wanted to start with flights and now with flights, people are starting at flights and they come and they buy something else too. And also, it's the convenience factor and that goes into the whole reason why the connected trip. I've heard from people say, "Well, what makes you different?" And the truth is right now, we're semi-different because we don't have the full connected trip done yet, the way I want it to be. But at the end of the day, we all know how frustrating travel is. And we know how much easy it would be if there was just one place, one person who would handle everything for you, put it all together in the way that was the optimal way with all the different things you have to decide upon. And then if anything went wrong, that it would all get fixed. And now with the benefits of GenAI coming out and the progress I see being made with it, I talked to our people in customer service and what we're putting together there, I believe we will create something that truly is differentiating and that will create a reason that people will want to come to us. The more people who come to us, more opportunities we have to work with our partners to provide them opportunities to help build their businesses. Again, I'll get to use it again, I could say win-win-win again, because that's really what we're trying to achieve here.
Glenn Fogel: I have to admit, I don't believe we are at that level at all right now. But that, to me, is an incredible opportunity. The fact that we are performing as well as we are in terms of our overall number but we still do not have anywhere near the number or the type of home accommodations in the U.S. to be fully competitive is, well, it's a disappointment to me that is not done yet. It's an opportunity where we have all this upside still to come. And we won't be spending huge amounts of money on a subpar product. So not to fear. We're not going to do that. What we're going to do instead to spend the money that we're spending now to make sure we get the properties we need, get the things up and running the way we want the product, the way we want it to be. So nobody ever comes to our site and feels disappointed because it wasn't as good as X. That's what we're working on right now. Clearly, the numbers show that we're doing a good job in many parts of the world but the U.S. is, to me, something that is great opportunity. And for people who live in the New York area, you know if you were looking for -- I use this example all the time because I live in the New York area. If you are looking for a rental, you wanted a home in the Hamptons this summer, you came to our site. You probably said, "Jesus, there's not a lot here compared to some other people." I don't want that to be. I want us to have as many, if not more and I want it to be easier for them to come. I want the trust that coming to Booking is a better way to get that summer rental. And we're going to work on that and that's good for us, an opportunity for us. But your answer is correct. We're not there yet.
Glenn Fogel: Ewout, why don't you take that first one and then I'll talk a little bit about the U.S. and the increase we saw in the second quarter versus the first quarter.
Glenn Fogel: In regards to the U.S. and trying to distinguish, is it because we did better in homes or we did better hotels or -- I really try and stay away from that a little bit. We're trying to provide a traveler with what they need and provide all the different opportunities, whenever. But I'm very happy in the second quarter, accelerated versus the first quarter for our U.S. business. That's very good, I'm pleased by doing better over the long run. But I'm not going to say it's because we did X, Y or Z. In the end, we have to do well in every single part of this business. That means we've got to provide the homes. Absolutely, I talked about that. We got to be a good partner to the hotels and provide them with the incremental demand they need, when they need it. In addition, the connected trip, we got to make sure we're getting all the inventory we can in terms of flights, to making sure we have that ground transportation. And as I always say, nobody goes on a holiday to hang out in the accommodation. They want to do stuff. So we got to make sure we get our attraction things working well and that we're putting up the right offers to the person that they want, when they want at the right time. And of course, there's all the other things, provide the insurance and tying it all together in our merchant platform which we put in our prepared remarks some of the numbers, very pleased about the increase in that. Glad to see it continuing to go up. Glad because it provides a great convenience. It makes it easier to do a lot of things in the connected trip. All working together to provide the ultimate thing which is having a better experience for the traveler and providing more opportunities for our supplier partners. Glad that we're seeing that we did better in America, I'd like to do even better in the long run. I think America, the U.S. is a great opportunity. We continue to under index there which means for me, that's a place that we can do better.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees, our shareholders. We greatly appreciate everyone's support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you very much and good night.
Ewout Steenbergen: And Mark, if I may quickly build on the answer that Glenn just gave, it's also important to point out that actually our growth in Europe has been quite steady and stable in the period from May through July. So yes, we are seeing some mild moderation but it has been relatively stable over the last couple of months.
Ewout Steenbergen: Kevin, if you look at the overall conditions of the market, we're not really seeing a trade down on a global basis. So both in terms of the star ratings as well as in the length of stay, it's relatively stable to what we have seen in previous periods. Maybe with one exception is a really mild indication of some trade down in the U.S. but otherwise, globally, we see a very steady picture.
Ewout Steenbergen: If you look at deleverage in the third quarter, that mostly relates to SNO and fixed OpEx. Marketing, actually, we expect leverage -- to see leverage in the second half of this year and also from a longer-term perspective because we expect to continue to see some benefit from the expansion in the direct mix. I also would like to point out and we think it's a really positive message for this call, that we are spending more on social media channels. That's a very attractive channel for us where we are expanding now and where we're investing more and we can do that at very attractive incremental ROI. So really an important point to really highlight with respect to our marketing leverage and the success we're gaining there.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, Eric, maybe to give you another perspective. So I'm now 4.5 months with the company. A lot of joy, a lot of pleasure to be here and a great honor. But I'm also, of course, looking at some of the perceptions of the company. I think it's still very much an outdated perception out there that we are largely dependent in terms of sales in our business on the paid channels. Actually, we're emphasizing a lot as you have heard in our calls around the direct mix and being now in the low 60% level for B2C which is really a game changer from my perspective for the company. Also we're very much diversifying our paid channels which is very important because this is a very dynamic world. The paid channels are changing all the time. They are changing their algorithms. But I'm really impressed about the science that the company has behind its paid channels, the algorithms that we are adjusting to optimizing all the time, the way how we spend our paid marketing dollars and how we're investing that. And so it's -- there is not a silver bullet. It's all the time really the details about the optimization, how to get to the highest number of new customers coming to us through the paid channels in the most optimal way with the most attractive ROIs and super impressed how the company is doing that. And I think that gives us really an edge in terms of how we can deal with paid channels also in the future. Operator, I think you are ready for the next question.
Ewout Steenbergen: James, thank you for pointing out the advertising revenues because it is indeed a very attractive potential line that gives us an opportunity in terms of growing our revenues in the future. Today, this line is mostly coming from KAYAK and OpenTable but there are opportunities, of course, to think about more advertising income from particularly the apps and the active app use that we're having mostly with Agoda and Booking.com. But as everyone knows, this is a very fine line because if you get too many advertisement as a traveler on an app, where you're interested in something else that can ultimately also become quite annoying. So finding there the optimal point is really important. But overall, you're right, that is an opportunity to help to drive further growth with the company in the future, next to many other opportunities we have because I think that's actually -- the exciting part for us as a business, are not just growing with the market. We have so many opportunities to grow faster if it is alternative accommodations we discussed or the multiple verticals around the connected trip we discussed or growing geographically in Asia, in the U.S. around payments, around generative AI and many other opportunities. So definitely, I would put this on the same list as well.
Ewout Steenbergen: Lee, thank you so much for asking the question because we are, at this point in time, really putting much more emphasis on this particular area and looking for more operating leverage for the company in the future. And we should particularly be well positioned to do that because we have the scale. So we should be able to run much more volume over the same fixed infrastructure that we have as a company in the future and take advantage of that. And take advantage of that in the way that we can reinvest in new growth initiatives as well as, of course, also benefiting EBITDA margins and return of capital to our shareholders. So let me give you a couple of examples what we are doing at this moment. We have already done a couple of reorganizations in some of our businesses. We have been looking very carefully at head count, in some places, put a head count pause in place. We are looking at some expense benchmarking in some other brands and businesses, looking at procurement in real estate and many other areas. So more to come on that over the next couple of quarters that I can give you more details. But definitely, this has become a really big focus area. And we are pleased that, therefore, we can also say to you that for the full year guidance, we are now reducing the outlook with respect to fixed OpEx from low to mid-teens to now low double digits. As well as we continue to focus on growing our fixed OpEx at a lower level than the topline growth in 2025.
Ewout Steenbergen: John, we are not really recognizing that math. And actually, we are really encouraged by the growth of our B2B business as well. You're right that overall, it's a smaller business than some other players in our industry but we have a couple of propositions that are really strong and all of our brands are actually active in the space. Booking.com is active in this space. Priceline with Getaroom, Agoda with Rocket Travel and many other propositions that we have in the market. So it is an important part of our commercial strategy but it is definitely something that is a bit smaller than other players.
Ewout Steenbergen: John, I think actually, our proposition is unique with respect to alternative accommodations because we are putting both traditional and alternative accommodations on our same platform. So we have the benefit of all our brand marketing spend, all our paid market spend coming together on the same platform and giving the traveler an opportunity to pick and select their best option. Maybe they're coming in and looking for 2 hotel rooms for their family and ending up by booking an apartment with 2 bedrooms and they're very happy with that outcome. As Glenn said earlier, we are actually agnostic about which direction this is taking customers because it is important that they are finding the best option for them, ultimately, how to travel. We're agnostic from an economics perspective about this. And it is all about making sure we have the most attractive proposition in the market. But this is, from our perspective, a differentiator because we are able to bring all of those supply opportunities together on our platforms as a company.
Ewout Steenbergen: Naved, the way how we look at booking window is, as Glenn actually commented on a couple of minutes ago, to some extent, it doesn't matter for us. It doesn't matter when a traveler actually books because they will travel at a certain point in time. When they travel, they have the experience. And at that point, we will recognize the revenues and the economics to the company. So if you look at the performance of the business over multiple quarters, this is averaging out. If bookers booked earlier or later, ultimately for the same trip and that can really depend on many factors. It can depend on assumptions what will pricing do over time or locking in certain flights or locking in certain accommodations or other factors why bookers might come to us earlier or later for the same trip. But it is important if any investor looks at us from a medium- and long-term perspective, it doesn't matter because over time, it's averaging out and we will deliver the same results for our shareholders and continue to build our business over time with all the opportunities we have.
