David Goulden: Justin, let me take that. So, just to remind you of our historic mix, we have basically said that Europe is, of course, our largest region historically. If you think kind of roughly 50% or maybe a little bit more, you wouldn't be far off being correct. Asia, we said, historically, again pre-COVID, was about 20% with no single country being more than low-single digits. And that means that you've really got 30% left for US and rest of world combined. So, that is our pre-COVID mix. Obviously, that mix changed a little bit with the dynamic of what's happened recently. Obviously, the US has gone up as that's been the most recovered marketplace. So, that's the historic reference points.  In terms of last summer, we saw a couple of things. We, of course, did see, after the first wave came down, we saw people getting more confident with traveling. Of course, vaccines were still not available at that point in time. So, people were kind of traveling quite carefully and traveling locally. What we have seen and we saw in several places, what we've seen so far is a very consistent trend, that when cases come down, when vaccination rates go up, when government restrictions start to lift, good things happen. We see that happening in the US right now. We see that happening in Israel. We mentioned a couple of other areas that are doing better than the average. So, our expectation is that we'll see those positive trends start to occur in other parts of the world, particularly in Europe as things are starting to improve. As we mentioned, we are seeing things improving on April versus March and Europe is now no longer the least recovered region.
David Goulden: I will just, Kevin, reiterate what we said and give you a little flavor, make sure you understand where the emphasis was. So, things did improve significantly sequentially in the US during the quarter, and we have positive room night growth in the US year-on-year, which is great, because, obviously, international business was still down a fair amount. When we got into March, that room night growth in the US was very strong, which I characterize that as above any of our normal growth rates. That strengthened further into April. So, very strong plus. And then if you just kind of double click down and look at just the domestic, recognizing there is some substitution effect in there, the growth rates in the US was very strong for the entire quarter, positive for each month of the quarter and getting stronger, was again stronger in April than it was in March. 
David Goulden: Mark, let me just explain that maybe in a slightly different way. So, starting with Europe, if you just look at our business within Europe, you only looked at it with that lens, you would see alternative accommodation mix in Q1 this last year up a fair amount compared to Q1 2020 and also versus Q1 of 2019. So within Europe, where we have our largest mix of alternative accommodation, we see an increase in mix. But you also remember, I said that Europe in Q1 was our lowest performing region. And of course, the highest performing region was the US where we have a much larger mix of alternative accommodation. So, that's mix effect means that, in total, our alternative accommodation mix did not increase. But in Europe, for example, where it's the largest, it did increase a fair amount. So mix effect is really the biggest region. In total, in Q1, the mix of alternative accommodations was very similar to the 30% number we gave out for all of FY 2020. But again, within different regions, there are shifts occurring. 
David Goulden: That's a good question. There are many things going on in ROI. So, yes, we did see slightly improved ROI on the paid channels. We also saw an increase in direct mix. And those two together let us have marketing grow less than bookings in the quarter. But there are many factors that go into accounting ROI, including your cost per click, conversion rate, cancellation rates, and we're still in a period of, I'd say, high volatility across all of those. So, it's not reasonable to point to any one factor as to why ROIs were up, but they were up slightly [indiscernible]. And it's only just one quarter. So, given the volatility of things happening, we wanted to point it out, but too early to call a trend. 
David Goulden: No. Chris, let me tell you about what we have talked about and see if that answers the question and then maybe we haven't got your question completely right. But just to kind of remind us where we are right now, over two thirds of our bookings are mobile, majority of those are on app. Our app booking customers are our most frequent bookers relative to other direct channels. Because always we can have a direct booking through a mobile web direct booking or through a desktop booking. And the app bookers are the most loyal and the most returning. But we really haven't gone into frequency. And also, I'd say right now, in the current environment where we're still very much recovering, frequency metrics are not the most critical ones that we focus on right now. It's more the overall top line growth rates.  But we are pleased what we're seeing with a trend towards app usage, the increase in the mix and the repeat behavior of app users. Those are all positive things for us. 
David Goulden: Actually, we saw a slightly lower mix of merchants in Q1 this year than in Q1 last year, both in total and at Booking.com. Because bear in mind, you're kind of comparing essentially an almost a non-crisis quarter – last year, of course, Q1, in March, things got worse, but most of the quarter was not crisis. And now you're talking about – comparing with a quarter that is very much still in the crisis with recovery mode. So, people in the short term, looking at the more flexible agency, pay the hotel model because that has just an attractive proposition in times like this when flexibility becomes very, very important. We do expect the merchant business to actually increase during the year at Booking.com where we have obviously the big mix shift happening. And we still think that the merchants business in total in 2021 will be a slightly higher mix than it was in 2020. But of course, flexibility is one of the factors that is important as people are looking at the bookings in this environment. So that's what's going on this year. 
David Goulden: Just to kind of reiterate what we said before about how it plays out in the income statements, we get additional revenue from providing the payment service. We have a variable cost related to that sitting in sales and other, which is where you see the biggest offsetting a cost element to offset – to match the revenue. There are some incremental expenses, obviously, in our other lines as well related to running the payments program, but the biggest variable cost is sitting in sales and other. As we mentioned, in 2020, the payments business operated very close to breakeven when factoring particularly variable costs into account, which is an improvement from what it was before. And it's obviously an enabler for business, as Glenn just articulated. So, we want to continue to grow the mix and maintain that breakeven profile as we're growing it out, recognizing that, in the future, we recognize there are monetization opportunities that can lead to incremental EBITDA from the payments business, which we expect, albeit at lower margin rates than core accommodations. 
David Goulden: On what's going on between the dynamic between room night growth and booking growth, a couple of factors going on here. One, I mentioned the fact that we're doing – that we're seeing better booking growth performance from flights because of volume. And also, we are doing – even though the units are down for 4% to 6% in car, there's actually fairly good increase in rates for cars. So total bookings, the TGV, has done better for both flights and cars than it did for accommodations. But the biggest factor is really what's going on with ADRs. And there has been a bit of a shift in what we've seen even in the last couple of months. And we are – saw that ADRs in the quarter were only down 1%. Now, I would say a couple of things. Now, the like-for-like ADRs are absolutely still under pressure due to lower occupancy rates. But there are some mix benefits that really impact the year-on-year comparison. The first mix benefit was the mix shift towards the US as the US really started to accelerate, particularly in March. You saw a really fast pickup in growth rates in March that we were not forecasting when we last met you. So, that was a positive for room night growth, but also for ADRs.  And also in Europe, what's happening is, right now, because there are still a lot of restrictions, people booking today are booking generally more often for the summer holiday and the summer holiday period in Europe has higher ADRs than most short-term stays. So, those two mix effects are really helping the ADR picture. And we expect this – both the phenomena that I talked about in terms of air and car and ADRs are likely to go through to Q2 as well.  But we do think the ADRs will start to be driven down again in the second half due to a couple of reasons. Again, the like-for-like ADRs are under pressure. As an example, our stay ADRs in the first quarter were down mid-teens if you exclude regional mix. That's more of a kind of like-for-like comparison. So, that like-for-like comparison is more likely to kind of be exposed in the second half. Regional mix may continue to help. But then, we do think that this earlier booking of the summer – benefit of the summer bookings will fade and the reported ADRs will become more comparable with the underlying stay ADRs and those will converge back together more in the second half than they did in the first half. So, some interesting phenomena going on with mix and with booking window in Europe driving what we're going to see in Q1 and Q2.
David Goulden: Clearly, in a business like ours, there's always a trade-off between growth and profitability or growth and margins, particularly in the short term. And the areas that we would expect to be leaning into, there are a number of initiatives that we can drive to – lean into to drive further growth. Obviously, we need to be smart and we need to be nimble, we need to look at where the pockets of opportunity are. But we continue to be, I think, a very good marketeer in the pay channels and look at those demand opportunities and really have the opportunity to lean into those where we think we can and where we think we can actually gain incremental traffic.  We can do things with merchandising, and we can also do things with things like promotions, like back to travel. Also, there are areas like brands. So, there are multiple levers we can pull to drive growth above market where we believe there are opportunities to do so. We believe that the recovery obviously presents a very dynamic environment for everybody. And we want to make sure that we are taking advantage of opportunities that we can either make or made for us. And those are the things that would, in the short term, impact margins. Bear in mind, as we talked about what's happening this year, during periods of time when bookings are growing faster than revenue, that impacts the business because, generally, our expenses are associated upfront with capturing the booking and the revenue comes later. So those are all things that go into the dynamics around growth versus margin in the accommodation business. 
Glenn Fogel: As I said, I'm very pleased with the Q1 results in the US. I mentioned both Priceline.com and Booking.com doing well. So, we are very happy about that. I don't have – we're not done with the quarter yet. So, we don't have industrywide numbers to go against. So, I'm just going to say that I'm pleased with what we're producing and we'll see everybody's reported how we did.
Glenn Fogel: Why don't I talk generally about strategy and then, David, if he wants – I'm not sure he wants to disclose anything more about specific numbers and gains. I will say this. I've said this in several calls in the past, actually many, about increasing our performance in the US is a strategic priority. And we have said that we under index in the US. So, we are doing many, many things to try and improve that. And everything from the basics of making sure we have the right selections of properties that people want to making sure it's the right price, making sure we're competitive. I talked about how we had to have the US payments platform up and running for Booking.com, so we can do creative, new things such as our back to travel promo, which of course wasn't in Q1, but just another example of things that we're doing.  And there's a lot of just blocking and tackling done by both teams, Priceline.com and the people at Booking.com, working with our suppliers, coming up with ways that we can help them get more customers. So, it's so many different things. There's no one thing to say that was the silver bullet. And I expect that we will be able to continue to do this. I hope to be able to continue to do this in the future. It will remain a priority for us. And, David, if you want to talk about numbers.
Glenn Fogel: Well, we just put it out. Still an opportunity still to book on that one. It goes till the end of May for US people. They can still do a book, but they had to do the – in April, they had to actually activate it. So, we don't have a lot of [indiscernible] to tell you what we think that's going to be. It certainly is something that – it's one different thing that I pointed out, not because a huge driver, but just an example of things that we haven't done in the past that we will do in the future. And in fact, you may have noticed it, we started a very similar, but not exactly the same program in the UK yesterday. Or maybe it's two days ago.  The point being that we're trying to be more creative and going forward coming up with different ways to bring those customers to us, show them what a great product we have, great service we have and make sure they come back to us in the future, albeit not with the promotion. 
Glenn Fogel: We don't give away – I don't believe we ever talked about the actual attach rates. But I will say that that is an important reason we do flights and that getting that booker upfront is important, so that we can then get them to buy something that will have a higher margin.  The 18 countries in the Booking.com is now working in, we are getting initial – and we've been doing it for some time now, obviously, I guess a year now approximately. We are getting some learnings, how can we improve it, how can we make it better? We really haven't marketed this at all in terms of the way we market our hotels offering because we want to get it right before we start spending a lot of money. We don't want to waste money as you know.  I am very pleased, though, with the very limited effort that we've done that people are using it and we are getting feedback that people are coming back. So, that's good. It's something that's important for the long run. And I want to emphasize how much this is a long game we're playing here because, as you know, the number is still very, very, very small and this is very early. But we hope in the long run that this connected trip, which is not just the flights, but it's also the ground transportation and the attractions and the dining, all the things that people do when they are traveling, to create something that makes them want to always use our app more than anything else. When they think of travel, they come back to us. So, it's critical that we have that first thing, which is important to a lot of people, flights. And we're going to continue to make investments into it to make sure that is absolutely a great, great service. 
Glenn Fogel: We recognize that's where the eyeballs are going. So, we need to make sure that we are putting our name appropriately in front. So, people when they think of travel, they think of us. So we are cognizant of that fact and we are we are working on that. So yes, we will continue to work with that.
Glenn Fogel: Dave, why don't you talk to about agency/merchant question and I'll talk about the long vision on payments. 
Glenn Fogel: In the long view, we'd like to get as much business as possible on payments because we believe we'll create a better service for both our customers for traveling and our supplier partners to be able to do all sorts of things you can't do when it's just a straight agency play. And we believe we can provide value to everyone in that way. And I gave that example earlier about – we couldn't do a back to trial promotion if we didn't have a payment product to do that. And there are many ways we're going to be able to merchandise people's – our supplier partners, different ways to merchandise their offerings in ways that you can really only do well with a payment platform. And, of course, putting things together, bundling, all different things. So obviously, we would like to get as many people in because it's good for everybody who comes into it, both the customer and the supplier. That being said, we know that we'll never get to 100%. There will be – still be lots of people who will say, all I need is hotel, I like this agency thing, I pay the desk, it's all fine, we'll see if that happens, whatever. But even in that situation, we may actually do the payment for the hotel in a way that we can save them money. So it's a great opportunity for us. But it's the long view and it's going to take some time to get there. 
Glenn Fogel: I'll take the first and, Dave, why don't you take the second? So, in terms of the alternative accommodations in the States, the things you mentioned are very, very important. We've got to have the right properties for the customer. And I've talked about this in the past that we under-index with the private homes, the single homes in the States. And that has been a popular product in the States because of the pandemic. And that's something that we are continuing to work on in the future. It's also just the process in general, how we get people on board, who we're dealing with to get them to come in. And we currently are using the multi-product property managers more than, say, some of our competitors who go out and get individual properties. So, there's a difference in how we're doing it right now.  I do believe this is a very, very achievable goal to be as competitive as anybody else. As David mentioned earlier about mix, we do a great business in Europe in the alternative accommodations area. A very good business. And there's no reason we shouldn't be able to do the exact same thing here in the States, though it is taking time. 
Glenn Fogel: I'll start with the second part, labor. And I'll let David go back to margins and how things can look as we continue to go for the future. So, certainly, we've all read news articles about shortages right now popping up in different areas of the hospitality industry. And some of the leaders in the industry, particularly some of the hotels and restaurants saying just can't get workers. But I don't believe that's going to impact where people aren't going to be able to find a place to stay at all. Right now, there is no shortage in my mind of great places for people to go to. And I don't see that happening. Yes, some property types may be short at certain times during high season, particularly, some of the very popular areas in the summer as leisure comes back in some parts of the world. But overall for the business, I don't see this as a significant or even a small risk to the business at all.  And Dave, you can talk a little bit about margin.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So, in closing, I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to navigate through these better, though still difficult times, and we want to continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you. Thank you, everyone, and please be safe. Good night.
