Darren Huston: There is. So as I've said in the prepared remarks we've included OpenTable from the acquisition close date of July 24 through the end of the quarter. Now our forecast does reflect our expectation that we're going to make investments in the business as we said at the time of the acquisition, particularly in the area of international growth and so our forecast also reflects those investments.Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Darren Huston: Yes, thanks a lot Mark. I would say first on the direct approach, so we don’t like to reveal the exact percentages that we get direct than what we don’t. the way we do think about it though is its all of the free demand that we get basically people coming and typing in Booking.com of coming through our approximately. We often also include of course SEO, e-mail. There is a it of a debate on the SEM we spent our own brand, because that’s very high ROI, but we do consider that indirect, because we are buying the customer, but those customers obviously pay type Booking.com into a search engine and pick our ad, we do pay for them but it’s at a lower rate and that obviously helps us the more they do that versus finding us in other ways, but generally speaking it’s a positive trend, but we like to of course keep a good balance. We are also pushing account signup more on Booking.com and our other brands and a much higher percentage of our customers now use accounts and those accounts are also used to experience the brand more than just a booking brand to get their confirmation when they arrive on site, its also for us to give them other offers, we give our account holders discounted rates, things like that and that’s also improving the business that comes back to us through account holders who generally tend to book more direct than they do through paid channels, because they have an established relationship with us. And then on the Ctrip, you know the mechanics are basically you know Ctrip is a channel for us, if a Ctrip customer books at Booking.com or Agoda hotel room then we record that and then the cost of marketing is what we pay Ctrip in terms of the revenue share its kind of typical affiliate relationship and that we hope gets better and stronger because in this next phase of our relationships we are really working closely with Ctrip to both brand, so the Ctrip customer knows they are booking on Booking or Agoda, but also too improve the content that’s being used to market international accommodations to Ctrip customers. The other side of this deal which actually is completely new, is us using Ctrip’s properties and using those on Booking.com in a reciprocal fashion so we will have customer whose come from overseas and may want to stay in a really small village in China and which may not see a lot of international demand, we will be able to offer them a product that is actually supplied by Ctrip but we end up doing the booking and they of course pay us back for that customer as well. So, obviously we see even regardless of the Ctrip deal, Chinese bookers are one of the fastest growing bookers on all of our properties, particularly on Agoda and Booking and we think that this will only accelerate that and of course tapping into China is going to be a huge benefit, both because they are a great source of bookings, but also we are running a global business here and we believe five, 10 years down the road it would be hard to say you are global if you are not taken China and this is just a next step for us in what will likely be a series of steps as we move closer and closer to Ctrip overtime.Mark S. Mahaney – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Thanks Darren.
Darren Huston: Okay. I would say first of all on the Ctrip deal our original relationship in 2012 was commercial and it was fairly arms length. It was really meant to test the international product of Ctrip and also to build a relationship between the two companies to see a lot of this does come down to cultural match and can we work together and can we build trust together and this next wave which really is a next step and we that making an investment in Ctrip along with the commercial relationship also allowed us to go much deeper int eh commercial relationship with also something that was important to Ctrip as well and I think also in a North Asian context taking a minority share is a positive next step that we're also aligned with their success, the future becomes successful and we become more conformable on the commercial side pushing our brands to one anothers customers but that's really the reason behind it. I think it's a very safe investment in the way that we built it, it gives us a lot of options going forward, both sides retained a lot of flexibility in both running our own businesses but also I mentioned to James we're almost like second cousins now, we're not necessarily married but we are certainly related and that also for our employees on both sides, I think – then understand relationship between the two companies is more special than a standard arms length commercial relationship. And your second question was Dean was on KAYAK?Dean J. Prissman – Credit Suisse Securities, LLC: Exactly.
Darren Huston: No, we wouldn’t separately that out it. It's hard to quantify an impact too, Dean. We can see when a market is impacted the growth rate suffers but we don't know to what extent those people are instead going and staying in Malaysia or Indonesia so we don't put out a quantification on that.
Darren Huston: Yes. Thanks, Tom. We generally speaking among our paid sources of demand, Meta has been quite strong although I would say a little less so in the last few months in terms of its percentage. Probably the biggest weakness in terms of growth has been Google and PPC overall and I think that reflects as much Google shift from desktop to mobile. We do think in all these channels by the way, we are increasing our share of these channels, but I should also flag that Meta search is not that critical to our business. It's an important channel but PPC and even our affiliate business would holdup to our overall Meta search business. So, that’s a little bit of color there. And when you compare direct to overall paid, our direct business is growing faster than our paid business, and then when it comes to hotel Marketing services, we don't want to reveal too many cards here, but right now, before we acquired Boutique and Hotel Ninjas, we already had a number products, we were selling B2B basically to Hotels. We do a lot of white label sites for the chains and other languages, we also have a product both Agoda us called the Booking button that allows hotel websites to add booking functionality at no cost to their websites. All of these are things we're doing to increase our value to hotels, but now we're looking at cloud-based solutions to really help hotels improve their own direct marketing over time and there will be more to report on that in the coming months and quarters.Thomas Cauthorn White – Macquarie Capital Inc.:  Great. Thank you.
Darren Huston: Okay, Ross. First of all on the offline versus online, there's a set of macro measures that are important and then there's a set of micro measures. Let me start with the micro measures there are about how you spend and the media you use and the ROI you get from running an ad on this channel versus that channel. That's all a very sophisticated set of measure that helps you improve the ROI you get from offline in short and medium term. The macro measure of course if you add online plus offline in any market you want to be able to return – increase your return on overall advertising in that market and often that takes some time. It can be six months, nine months, 12-months, 24-months but that's ultimately the goal and if we don't achieve that if ultimately we can't get a market from a level of return before we did offline to a higher return after we did offline, then that wasn't a good investment to make. We're still early on even though it feels like we've been doing this for a long time. Many of our Markets even Australia which is our second market hasn't even lapped a year, but we feel relatively confident that over time we can improve our return on advertising in every market using a positive mix of marketing tools including offline and online marketing, but again, this is early learning and we're quite positive but more to come. As it relates to mobile you always have to go into the different aspects of mobile. Lots has been written about last minute booking, obviously if you look on a per transaction basis and this is now mostly mobile phones, a last-minute booking is usually for one night and on average our bookings are two nights or more so that immediately makes it a less valuable booking, but what you don't know is that if that's banned, for instance booking he may be a customer that his next booking may be a five night booking and you’ve got to be careful that you don't under attribute the value of maybe finding Dan on his cell phone in the next time finding Dan on a PC. The other thing I would say about mobile is, that’s a very specific thing, around last minute booking, but we’ve also seen a trend where people are doing more and more early booking. And, lot of that is happening on tablets as they are earlier in their research process and we find that tablet-based booking is as if not at times more valuable even than the PC bookings. So you shouldn't just paint all of this stuff with a single brush and we have to look into the economics of each channel and then obviously what you're willing to pay is really attribution of the customer when you go out and try to find at the map. I hope that helpful.Ross Sandler – Deutsche Bank AG: Yeah very helpful thanks guys.
Darren Huston: Okay. Thanks Heath I will add something to that one. So first of all the important thing is not to paint too much of a brush on things geographically because the U.S. market is very different than any other markets. You've got extremes like if you look at four star and five star hotels in China they are still running a very low occupancy because that’s a market that's over-built, and then you have different destinations. Some are very business oriented, some are very leisure oriented like in Orlando and some are kind of a mix if you look at a city like New York. Also leisure customers also tend to be a valuable customers to hotels it depends on where their business customers are coming from business customers will sometime pay higher ADR but in some hotels the leisure customer may be worth more depending on how the business customer was acquired. In our business generally, our business works well positively with the cycle meaning if ADRs go up then our commissions are higher, but we also have a counter cyclical chit is in low demand periods and we obviously get better availability and that helps our opaque business and other high discount our products build supply. So we are able to be a little bit we can write the cycles quite well because of these countering effects and I don’t believe that we’re seeing environment almost in any market where we are feeling crowded out of demand. Certainly right now as we speak this is high season in Europe literally this week and we still have availability in most markets in Europe. And then we're going to go obviously into the fall and then we are going to have a lot more opportunities to sell lot more product.Heath P. Terry – Goldman Sachs: Great thank you.
Darren Huston: Yes, I would say that the comments with KAYAK on gross or net are both for same and then regarding their expansion I think that the team is still working that out in Europe they have been in the advertising if you see it has been in more in air message that's then taken into hotel, but they are experimenting with various types of coffee to see which works best.
Darren Huston: Okay Brian. I'd say first in OpenTable, yes, we certainly haven't been, we did a lot of planning and we're now in the execution phase of those plans. As we highlighted during the acquisition it's really three areas we're focused on. One is international expansion so we're in the middle of those plans really exciting and that's an issue of product getting all the language translations, an issue of which cities, how fast but I expect that we'll be through the Fall get ourselves aligned, and begin executing fairly forthrightly. The second area is co-marketing and that's something that's in the plans right now and co-marketing is if you're a booking.com guest from London staying in New York, co-promoting the OpenTable App and the restaurants around your hotel, for instance, and those are tests that we hope to put in play pretty quickly and then finally was the payments area and you have the update on that so I feel really good about where we are and there's lots of work to do. The teams are now moving between San Francisco and Amsterdam, in particular, doing a lot of learning and a lot of things that come into play. And I think by 2015, I hope, we'll be in full rollout of those plans. As it relates to ROIs and variable channels, there's a lot that goes into ROIs. Certainly it's a very competitive environment, and the costs of buying a booker have been going up. We try to counteract that by increasing investments on our website so they convert better, which we've been seeing some good success with but also building more direct business so that we rely less and less on the paid demand, which is allowing us, basically creating currency to more aggressively go out and find those customers through paid channels.  Not much else to it other than that. Obviously, we try to balance ROIs against the various sources of demand, and we both evaluate the ROI of the demand, and then also the importance from a strategic nature of the demand and it's something that we're buying where we get full access to the customer, and can cross market to them, et cetera, or is it a source that doesn't allow us near as much freedom to build a long term relationship with that customer. And that's how we set our ROI targets, and we're quite disciplined as a Company around that. And basically making sure that we don't really look at lifetime value, although we value that, we're looking at how we earn money on every single conversion that we buy.Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies & Co.: Great, thanks, Darren.
Darren Huston: Thanks, Ron. Let me first address the US, we announced on a previous Conference Call the U.S. is now Booking.com's largest destination market and certainly, we've had historic business that comes in from Europe, and that generally lands in a few obvious destinations, New York, Washington DC, a lot of East Coast destinations, Orlando. but recently we've seen a significant impact from guests from Latin America. I was recently in Miami talking to some hotels and we think we're the Brazilian OTA, which of course we are. But that's how they think about us because it's the guest that shows up from booking.com and then out on the West Coast a significant increase with Asian guests and Pacific guests from Oceananna in the San Francisco and Las Vegas, et cetera. So I feel a lot better about the international demand in the United States but even more importantly what I get excited about is we're getting more U.S. guests staying in the U.S.. It's probably one of our fastest growing Markets is American domestic travelers discovering the tremendous flexibility of pay when you stay, instead of paying ahead and really logging the diversity of properties that we have on our site and that really the thing creating a tipping point in the U.S. market for us and we're now at a level of accommodation and property options that I feel very proud of, and the U.S. is right up there with some of our more mature European markets in terms of what we can offer our customers, but much more to do Germany. And then Germany, the decision really was we came into the U.K. which isn’t fairly call it in quotes mature market for us, but we saw some really positive results there because even despite how successful we've been in U.K. are aided awareness was not near we wanted it to be what we've seen some acceleration in the U.K. as bookers and we decided to go into Germany. Germany has been a market for us in Europe that we do well in but we under index relative to what we do in the rest of Western Europe primarily because we have some domestic competition and a lot of German surprisingly just travel to Germany, but the campaign so far has done a nice job and it's very early days of introducing the Germans that you can use Booking.com as you love to travel Italy or Spain or its France but its also great tool to travel within Germany as well. So that was really it was the next largest obvious market for us in Europe given where aided awareness and our penetration is related to others.Ronald V. Josey – JMP Securities LLC:  Thank you.
Darren Huston: Hi Michael, as far as the questions on U.S. car rental, so car rental tracks similarly to the rest of our services in that mobile is growing much faster as more people are adopting – doing booking on mobile devices and research on mobile devices, so we're growing very fast and we’re pleased with the offerings that we have particularly at Priceline. com for U.S. car rental. We did say opaque is less available so you are seeing that paired with increased pricing and just a very healthy travel environment. It also drives up pricing particularly on our opaque services, because we were unable to get the same level of discounts that we've got in the past and so we're unable to give the level of discount that we typically could and that drives up the pricing there. I don't have any information for you really in terms of higher mileage cars being used to a greater extent. Sorry, I can’t help you with that one.Michael S. Millman – Millman Research Associates:  Okay. Thank you.
Darren Huston: Thanks, Kevin. Yes, we gave a little bit in my comments, I had mentioned to you that in this what we call vacation rental space; we're already a very large player. As we went a couple years ago from being completely about hotels to non-hotels, it was a very natural migration for us to go into non-hotel categories like resorts and motels et cetera, to get into what we would call more self-catered products, like apart-hotels, vacation rentals, apartments, et cetera. So this has been a long-term journey. There's a lot to do, because there are a lot of challenges around, vacation rental bookings who's going to show up with the keys, whose changing the sheets, a lot of vacation rentals need deposits so there are some things in the market have been built up in a way where the renter expects to dance back and fourth with the guest on e-mail or by phone until they finally come to some kind of settlement. And our business is purely about booking and getting an instant confirmation and requiring vacation rental owners to keep a live calendar that's real and pricing that's real, and everything you would expect in a modern e-commerce business. So, there is many challenges we're now doing a real significant amount of business in this space and Villa's.com specifically is just one of many tactics we're taking to try to really prove out and test various options for being successful in the vacation rental space. And, so far we're really pleased with the results of that effort, but again it's part of a much broader set of actions that we're taking. Having vacation rentals on our site has proven to be a great synergy for people who are just looking for a place to stay. We even find that people with families may think they are going to Barcelona and they’re going to stay in two or three hotel rooms and they end up in a home by the beach, at potentially a cheaper price if they are a large group. So for many people, it's even an upgrade. When you're on leisure travel it’s just been really, really hard in the past to book and to feel secure about your booking and that's something that we're, as a company trying to change.Kevin Kopelman – Cowen and Company:  Thank you.
Darren Huston: Now, we want to thank everyone for joining this call and we look forward to delivering a very strong Q3.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Thanks a lot, Doug. So in terms of the Marketing environment I'd say on the online side it's obviously a very competitive environment but relatively stable. I'd say we're being like always a little bit prudent because we don't completely control that environment and if within the next six weeks it changes we want to reflect that in our guidance but nothing other than that will report. Obviously the offline Marketing is the stuff that we completely control and that's an area where we decided we're still within the range but at the higher end of the range we gave an offline marketing and we're making investments specifically by with KAYAK and booking.com in Europe and we've actually seen results from the investments we've made to date and we're deciding to double down a little bit on that on the back end of the Summer. Those are the two things as it relates to Marketing. I'd say also from an online perspective of course we're in this competitive environment but we also mentioned our direct business is increasing quite nicely. That's the kind of effect you'd want to see if do offline Marketing which is also a bit of a mobile effect and more of our business on mobile comes direct but I think that's a real healthy trend for the future of course we want to continue to bring new customers into the franchise and that's why we do Marketing but those customers are sticking to the platform and coming back directly which is a real positive sign. And just final comment on the mobile front. We continue to feel really good our mobile products both our web based products and our App product. We don't talk about the percentage of our business that gets done on mobile but it's definitely in line with the other players in our industry and we continue to see really significant growth on mobile going forward and that's not just us, we're seeing that everywhere we buy demand and it's really the nature of the customers transition to more of a multi-screen environment versus just a pure desktop business.Dough T. Anmuth – JPMorgan Securities, LLC: Great. thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan: One thing I would just highlight is that Agoda, in Asia generally what we saw because of the issues in Thailand but also issues in Vietnam et cetera and also the Malaysian air tragedy the original one that Chinese bookers are among the biggest bookers in the region and many of them decided to travel into North Asia so we both saw great business in North Asia, but a lot less in Southeast Asia, so generally that would balance out but Agoda has other issue they very strong with bookers in Southeast Asia and it was some nervousness among bookers in Southeast Asia, given everything going on there but as I mentioned as well, we do hope that is abating and we do see some positive signs so that particular situation impact us as much going forward.Dean J. Prissman – Credit Suisse Securities, LLC:  Thanks guys. 
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yes, it's an interesting question, you ask about last minute booking on mobile. Knowing what I know there are some cities in Europe that it's dangerous to show up and not have a booking, and if you arrive at the airport because it can literally be close to all sold out in certain seasons, but it is a very spontaneous thing and the other thing about accommodations is unlike in a lot of other aspects of travel you can get a last minute booking for, potentially less than you would get a booking you made 7, 14, 21 day in advance. And it’s a little bit of risky proposition but at the end of the day the hotel room needs to fill in room and also the reason people are using apps for this is, if you walk into a hotel room and say I need a room, they aren't necessarily going to give you the price that's published on the internet, because you're standing in a hotel room and you need a room. And a lot of people use apps and OTAs in particular to try to get a really good price at the last minute, but it is a little bit of a gamble and you got to be smart about how you do it but you can truly get a lot of great deals last minute and in this particular aspect of travel.
