Glenn Fogel: Hi, Eric, its Glenn. I'm going to take that second question and then let David talk a little bit about booking windows. So, our company overtime has been very consistent and talking about deceleration, because of a lot of large numbers. And that has been something that has been trending fairly regularly overtime, but there has certainly been volatility quarter-to-quarter. In some quarters we've had small deceleration, and in some quarters we've had faster deceleration and some quarters we even had acceleration. And there were many factors that have gone into that.  Some of the factors are macro things the economy, some of the factors could be a competitive action by someone, some of the factors can be somebody who's not a competitor, but has influence some sort of reorganization and SEO algorithm for search engine. And some of the factors are things that we do, optimizing our performance marketing, clearly one. You take all of these factors and interact and there are feedback looks, it's very complex. And that makes it very hard to project or predict short-term in this volatility. But long-term we can make some absolute in my sense confident enough making some predictions. And the prediction is that we are going to do very well. I have a lot of comp this in the industry and the company and let me tell you why. I’ll start at the macro level, travel is a function of GDP, world GDP gross up travel grow faster and I’m highly confident that world GDP is going to continue to go up in the long run, that’s one.  The second thing a tailwind that we always been experiencing, is the offline to online, now it sounds arcane using offline to online. Let’s call it digital processes, that trend is going to continue. Yes, in some of our developed markets, there are more people who are already online let’s call it, who are doing, but there are so many areas in the world that are not doing that yet, but we’ll be doing it. That’s another thing for us. Let’s go down number three, micro -- let’s get into our company individually. We are a big company, but we are a small share of the travel industry, a small share of our biggest business the accommodation business, a single-digit market share of -- and we’re measuring just the number of available rooms on our platform talking about the inventory we haven’t gotten yet. So that’s a lot of opportunities for us there. And if you think about us this year, the total travel industry and all things air, things like attractions other parcel of the industry that were much smaller we’ve a very small share. When you think about -- well I mentioned that inventory we can go out we can get more inventory, that’s another thing that we are working very hard, we have talked about in the past, that us going out and getting more inventory and you see the numbers that we talked about. We talked about the amount of money we can put into investing in developing our non-hotel accommodations that’s the area of growth for us. We talked about our experimentation with different things, maybe you’ve seen it on the booking.com and we have flight on that. Maybe you’ve seen some of the things we’ve ground transportation, maybe you’ve seen some of the things we are now doing with attractions. Experimentations was costs where we are now it’s going to continue to give us in the future. And a separate part of that is coming up with innovation. There is a new thing out for priceline.com, it is the package product that we have about, it’s new, it’s exciting, things like that are always going to help drive us forward growth wise.  Many companies say what about conversion is that dead, no, we have always talked in the past that we do all of it, and we have a giant experimental platform. And that we’re always trying to come up with a better conversion rate. Now some quarters we do better, some quarters we do worse, but in the long run we’re always going to be building that conversion rate just going to continue to go up. And in fact our mobile in the past continues to be an absolute growth area for us, and I actually just keep going on and just 24,000 very talented people, we have a lot of capital we have technology, I think we are in great position. So when we say you are comparing this what’s happening you are comparing this an easier comp. Last year was a 21% growth rate at which point we hadn’t started our optimization yet. I would say actually where our position is actually very good, it’s a good balance between growth and profit and I like where we are. And now David, you want to take number two there. 
Glenn Fogel: Sure Lloyd, if I said something that was interpret that I did not believe mobile is important for direct or sort of that nature. It was misunderstood or I misspoke one of the other. Because certainly mobile helps direct significantly. And we believe it's a very important part of the strategy going forward. Now why are we noting and why is it important. How much time you spent in -- let's take Asia for example. People are not doing desktop, the mobile is the way you do everything. And then it is so important for us to continue to be developing the right interfaces, the right connectivity for the different systems in all parts of the world where mobile really works efficiently. And I just think that that is something that for us because of the size of our company because of the number of technologist that we have on our staff, we have an advantage, we can do these new experiments in all different areas of the business end up with a better result, a better use for our customers, which in the long run is how we went. Regarding the non-ad OpEx, we talked about this a couple of quarters ago, about how we are taking these non-ad OpEx investments. And it was people and then all the things are associated with people expenses goes with them and we talked about a bunch of things that reasons we wanted to do that why we thought that was important for our strategy long-term. And we ramped up those numbers significantly at the time.  Now those people they came onboard throughout the year and they’re now full, we don't need to hire at this higher rate we need these people now to be more efficient more effective and such. So we believe as Dave was pointing out over the year and I certainly see going into 2019 we will get the benefit of those people who are doing all the great work that they're doing, but we should not -- you should not expect us to continue to hire the way we did last year at that kind of rate.
Glenn Fogel: Well, could you just explain a little more about, you said direct within the mix, I didn't quite understand that question.
Glenn Fogel: Direct is growing. Direct is growing and we are very pleased with that growth rate and it is something that is part of the overall strategy to continue to increase that. In terms of -- I could come up with a whole bunch of hypothetical so what could increase the growth rate and become an accelerating number versus a decelerating number. And a lot of them would be just making up being speculative. I will say one thing though that is, we’ve seen overtime and that is when we come up with something that’s innovative something that we -- obviously we haven’t thought of it yet, it’s a new things that we’ve done and come out and that has absolutely been helpful in terms of driving more business. So a good example of something like that might be and well we are grow so fast at the time you wouldn’t have seen it in the growth rate, but the fact is when mobile came out, I’ve hear long enough 18 years, I was here when there was no such thing as mobile. But when people started booking on mobile by being out in front and coming up with great ways to use that technology to make it easier for people to book who wanted to use their phones that was an advantage for us. So to be something like that that I believe could come out in the future and we’ll be able to get advantage of it for something I talked about earlier already, about the idea because we do have scale in our technology area, because we’ve scale in all areas of our business actually and that will help us achieve a better result than competitors who may not have the same scale.
Glenn Fogel: Hey, Mark. So we’re not going to put a pin on a number in terms of the optimization, but as David pointed out optimization is definitely a hurt on the growth rate and we know that if we want to get more growth we could pay up for it so to speak, but that’s not what our strategy. Our strategy is to achieve a balance and we’re at where we believe is the appropriate balance between profit and growth and that’s really we’re going to play out. In terms of North America we don’t generally start pulling out different regions differently. And so I'm not going to go there I will say that the world economy is good, travel is good in most areas of the world. David I think mentioned we have a couple of small areas that are of interest and is not North America at all.  Argentina and Brazil with some currency and Russia also some currency effects happening there, which make outbound business decline or you recapture some of that in domestic business, but it’s still a negative impact on us generally. So that’s a little bit in terms of a regional area or country area, but generally that’s about as far I go in terms of anything I could call out is an issue.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark. I'll take the second one GDPR and David being English and they actually have a team in World Cup this year I’ll let him handle that one. So GDPR, first before answer that your question, let me just point out how we definitely believe that privacy is a very important thing and we've been thinking about how to maintain privacy for our customers, our partners everyone long before GDPR was even a thought in Brussels. We do not believe, when we talked about this we do not think it's going to be have any real impact on our business in terms of our marketing or getting customers, really we look up and down trying to figure out is there some sort of impact and we really do not see a material impact in it from GDPR. That being said, preparing for it and continuing as we come up to the deadline obviously cause us costs and diversion of resources. Relatively minor compared to the size of our business, but they were actual movement of people who would have been preferring to work on the business making either more combinations or working some of our new innovative things rather than we working on GDPR. But that being said it’s something that we need to do and again we're happy to do it. And I’ll let David talk about World Cup and what his thoughts and maybe give a prediction on he think is going to win.
Glenn Fogel: So, Justine I agree with your point that, we have done a good job in terms of marketing overtime. And we do believe that we will continue to do well and find new ways to be able to bring in more customers from new types of marketing. Certainly something that we've talked about in the past as our brand market effort as that sort of accounted to raising ROIs on a performance and countering with brand spent to bring people direct. And that’s an area that we're going to continue to work on, work very hard on to try and develop the right formulas, coming up with the right creators, the right measurement tools, putting in the right geographies. So that we can bringing more of those people direct to us. It’s so important to our strategy in the long run that we don't depend as heavily as we have in the past on third-party sources of customers. We believe the right thing for the company in the long run is to create a service that is so good that people when they think about travel, they think about us immediately and come to us directly. 
Glenn Fogel: Thoughts on that. I have some thoughts on it, and what I'm really hoping because I think David may have mentioned this so he can talk a little bit on this too after I'm done. Is the idea that when we are optimizing, and saying which keywords are we thinking aren't good for us in the long run. And thinking well, maybe those people will come to us later in another way, shape or form or maybe they will be booking somewhere, but before they actually show up or cancel there and come back to us and check our prices and our availability and see maybe they will book with us in the end. Anything beyond that would really be just speculation, I don't know David you have anything there, I don’t think there is much else we could say on it.
Glenn Fogel: Hey, it's Glenn. So we talked about this in the past and how we value performance platform for this marketing platform. And how we decide what we're going bid, how much we're going to bid. And we’ve talked about what's the customer experience on that platform, what's the incrementality of the traffic. What's the anticipated repeat rate going to be that channel. And we'll also think about are we supplying funds to someone who may then use those funds to compete with later down the road. These are all factors that come in. So it’s more than just is it a positive ROI, a negative ROI. There is a lot more that goes into how we decide how we are going to bid, where we are going to bid, what level we’re going to go at. We are definitely leaning in and we will continue to lean in with those platforms that we believe are helping us build our business for our long-term strategy and I’ve said this before many, many times. And we lean out against those platforms that are not doing that, those that we believe in the long run are actually going to be detrimental to achieving our long-term strategies. So that’s answer to that question. Regarding parity, I have not seen much impact at all regarding any of the changes in the landscape in that area it really has not to my knowledge from of what I have seen yet had a material impact. We still believe that we are the people who have the best price, the best availability, the best service, the best user interface and people come to us.  Sometimes some -- I know this from looking it, best price doesn’t always -- it’s not always just best price by the way and part of our winning strategy has been doing all those other things too. So there is a lot more to it than just showing up with the best price as a matter to be successful in this business. 
Glenn Fogel: Yes, I definitely talked about this a great deal and I do believe it is the proper way for our scope for the long run. And one of the critical things about this is not just making sure that we have an appropriate return on the investments on the -- let’s take for example say, you wanted to do -- we’re doing attractions right now, we believe that’s very beneficial helping our customers, before they show-off, and while they show-off to get those attractions or experiences more of than just the money we would make from those, it’s providing a much easier way for that customer to achieve a great trip. So we could overtime take a lot less money on that he individual action, but because it builds great loyalty be very beneficial and of course it’s going to show-up, David doing his accounting, he's here, he is going to tell me hey this is great, look at what we are doing on our accommodations and we’ll have to then figure out how much we attribute to some of these other services and make sure that we are properly realizing once it’s a good investment or not. So that’s the first part of that answer. I do not have in front of me a five year plan with the absolute numbers and dollars for each of these items. As you know we are an experimental company, we build products out, we see how they work, if they work we do more and we develop it further, if it doesn’t seem to be work we pull back. The right thing though is maintaining the balance and we’ve talked about this and this is how do we use our capital, we use our capital organic growth, and organic growth investments is things like building out these services, there’s also M&A. As I mentioned we went out we bought FareHarbor to help there a new one build a lock and building out this large holistic system. And those are the different way we’re going to do it. I can’t give you some numbers, what I can say I do believe that it is -- it will be when we have done this, a very strong competitive advantage over companies that do not have that.
Glenn Fogel: A brand, so we started talking last year about the importance of brand and that we plan to make investments in brand. And we talked about the need for technological measurements to make sure we’re doing it right and we’re going to do it. And one of the things I said several times, I said we do it carefully I use word careful, I use word prudent, I said that we weren’t going to just go out and spend a huge amount of money that we would test our way in and experiment and we’re continuing to do that. And when we find the right formula, when we find out exactly where we think it is doing very well that’s where we’re going to open up to speak it more and spend more. But what we’re not going to do is spend a huge amount of money before we have a higher certainty that what we’re doing is doing well. So that’s how we’re going to play that way. Your other question about people have been competing with us for a very long time, getting supply this is nothing at all and I do not expect this to change in the long run, people will continue to go out and try and get more supply to all of our competitors will and we’ve been doing pretty well generally against that. We’re always making sure that we’re having good relationship with our property partners, we’re making sure we’re getting great prices and availability, we’re making sure we’re giving value to these partners. I feel pretty good about our position in Europe right now and I don’t really in the checks partners that we’ve had the numbers that we’ve looked at in all things I have not seen anything yet from any competitor in terms of European getting in-roads in there because of any reason.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I was very happy Brian when we did our announcement a few weeks ago about 5 million listings that was something that the team was happy about and we were all happy about it’s $5.2 million now. I also made the note here and I’ve talked about this in the past about that while we do like hiring a lot of listings we do recognize that if we don’t have all the right type of listings and I spoke specifically in my prepared remarks about wanting to get more single home inventory. And I talked in the past about we don’t have it all in the right geography some places we have great breadth and depth, some areas not so much. So there’s a tremendous amount of opportunity in front of us to go out and get more of that. But just getting inventory isn’t enough and we’ve said this I'm just talking about somebody else getting more inventory and how it’s going to affect them well it’s the same thing with us. I talked in the past the importance of not only getting that availability and that connectivity in those properties onto our platform, but just making sure that the customer when they’re thinking about where they’re going is thinking about us for that type of accommodation. The awareness of our non-hotel accommodations in the U.S. is not nearly as high as we would like it to be, we recognize that and I don’t know if you’ve seen some of our recent advertisements by booking.com they have one going right now, running right now that is specifically oriented to that type of property, but one thing as we recognized to be successful to be very successful and to be a leader throughout the world is this we need to have the right inventory everywhere.
Glenn Fogel: Well, obviously personalization is so important and that’s part of that whole holistic system that I’ve talked about probably getting some of you are bred with me talking about it. But it's important so I'm just going to keep repeating it. And then there is the idea a customer with the incredible amount of choice and all the different things that they could do as such. It's helpful to give them guidance. And I always give the analogy of it all time human travel agent who knew everything about you because they knew the things you've done of the past, our new year income, they knew what you liked, what kind of trip you should have, what kind of restaurants you should go to, what kind of attraction you should go, what the experience you should have, how you're going to get from your home to the airport, how you are going to go from the airport to the hotel or the non-hotel depending on what it was and all those great things. That's what AI needs to recreate so that when people come to us we are able to provide them with really is the perfect trip and make their lives easier. I am certain you have done leisure travel and you've been frustrated. And it's frustrating for me too. I still have these issues, but I know that with technology we can cure this stuff and the people who cure those problems first who get rid of that friction who make it easier for everybody those are the number of the people who people are going to come to direct are going to be the winners. And we want to be that person.
Glenn Fogel: Well, could is an interesting world I mean. Yes, it could and it might. One of the interesting issues in that right now. And I'm going to use your question just to refine it a little bit. So clearly we think it's very important right now. And we know our customers want it, we're going on getting that inventory. But we're also making sure that we obey the rules. Not all municipalities want to just let this go will nearly they have all sorts of ideas and how they should be regulated.  And we are fully in favor of working with local municipalities, local organizations to make sure this is done appropriately. Because of its mind if we just let everybody just doing nothing really, you can end up with potential the tragedy the comments issue where it caused the problem for the entire city. And we’ve seen certain cities where people are objecting to that type of tourism because it's making life for the people who live there very, very difficult. On top of that there are some municipalities that believe that this type of activity is doing -- having effects on rental places for the people who live here. And if you saw the recent thing on that all sorts of issue like that. So one of the things we are very much in favor of much of this, but we want to do it legally and recognize very, very happy to see a couple of weeks ago, when the Mayer of Paris came out and was talking about how we are a role model for doing this the right way, so that's good. Second thing interesting, I'm not sure if you saw or heard about or seen about one of the major chain hotels that is out there and is now testing doing home sharing, it's small test, but they're out there doing it too. So it will be interesting overtime we are the blending where you people don't make much of a distinction that is just I need a place to stay and I look. And they come to booking.com and we have all the stuff there. And they see which property is right for that particular trip. So I don't want to think about at the end of the day is it going to be bigger or smaller than traditional or not. I just want everything to get bigger for us. 
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I want to end by saying that I'm very pleased with our first quarter results. We balance attractive growth with profit margin expansion and we will pursue the strategy we've just talked about to give us the highest probability of capitalizing on this very large opportunity that we have in front of us. I look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Thank you.
David Goulden: Yes, let me pick up on a couple of your opening question, maybe I have a point about Q2 as well. So, on the booking window, we did continue to see a modest decline in the booking window, we noted that, we saw it over last few quarters to see a most decline. We think it’s likely impacted by some of the things we are doing around our optimization efforts in the performance marketing channels. Now without going into all the details, we are targeting a less lower converting and less upper funnel outplacements that’s having an impact on the booking window and also I’d point out that mobile continues to perform well and mobile has a shorter booking window than desktop. So those factors are going into the booking window, as we said we see it continuing to modestly decline. In terms of the Easter impact on room night booked. Very much in line with what Dan commented on the last earnings call. It did have a small impact to the room nights booked, very much in line with our comments. It had a much big impact on revenue and if we get a question on that later on, on the call, I’ll explain how Easter impacted revenue.  And then specifically relative to Q2, as Glenn mentioned, we are comparing against the period in which we are spending very heavily into pay channels. But if you think about the actual guidance itself it’s relatively stable guidance, vis-à-vis what we just reported for Q1. Our approach to guidance hasn’t changed. Also we are now sitting here with more time between now and quarter end than when we guided for the last quarter. So there is natural increased level of potential variability, but I would point out that as in every quarter there is always something going in and in this quarter we are looking at some new factors, in Q2 for example given the timing of the World Cup and group play ending right at the end of the quarter is something in prior years has impacted growth rates. So all of those factored in.
David Goulden: I’d just add a couple of points, Glen just on the first point just want to reinforce that not only is the direct increasing as a percentage of a mix it is our largest channel for bookings Brian, so just clear that point. And then I’ll just add one more point, certainly it will start to play into in fact in the second half of the year right now we are from a growth rate comparing periods in which we have -- we are optimizing our ROIs against periods where we weren’t optimizing them quite, so rest of these during the second half of the year the compares with start to get a little bit easier for that factor as well. But as Glen said long-term there are many other factors including all the things you mentioned in terms of headroom available for us to grow this industry with -- this business with single-digit market shares in our core markets and new ways to attract customers, et cetera. So those will be the bigger factors for driving long-term growth rates.
David Goulden: Mark, I would not go as far as that in public. Mark it's interesting because it's difficult to predict because the number of factors come into this. It depends which team is doing well. What we've seen in prior years is that when teams get through to the later round, their countrymen are not booking very heavily while it’s in the World Cup, but once they get knocked out they start booking quit quickly. So, it's a function of who gets through to the later rounds. And as I mentioned, with everything happening starting in middle of June going into early July, I think that it’s the group play rounds that end right at the end of the quarter. So, it's going to be a function which teams are going forward beyond that. So it's very difficult to predict so can't be more specific. But it’s certainly a factor that we are looking out when we're modeling our growth rates and looking at sequential bookings growth and things like that during the quarter. We’ll have to tell you based upon what happens and who winds up again through to the later rounds.
David Goulden: I'll take Easter first Kevin that's those kind of slightly longer answer and then I'll come back to the take rate. So as I mentioned in one of the answers to an earlier questions, from a bookings point of view, Easter timing was a modest headwind in Q1 in line with our expectation. The revenue impact is much greater, but also in line with our expectations. So let me kind of explain what was going on there. So in 2017 of course Easter fell in Q2 and revenue rec was based upon checkouts. So those Easter stays helped Q2 revenue. In 2018, Easter fell on the 1st of April, but very importantly the revenue rec moved to a check-in. So most of those Easter stays mainly helps Q1 revenue. So the impact to that was about 3% year-on-year benefit to Q1 growth and about a 2% hit to year-on-year growth in Q2. And if you think about those 5 points of difference in growth, those account almost the entire difference in our constant currency revenue guide from Q1 to Q2, which really all explained by Easter and defined our 6 points. So that's what's happening with Easter and it's in line with our expectations and what we’ve told you on the last call. In terms of take rates, they have actually been quite stable. And we're pleased with that. So we also mentioned that ADRs were down only very modestly in the quarter and we had it in our guidance predicted them being down 1% again talking constant currency ADR. So that's what's going on there. 
