Glenn Fogel: Yeah. Okay, I see where you're coming from. Actually, what we said – I know. I figured out what you're saying. We've talked about this for some time that there has been a deceleration of the paid channels that's been going on for a long time. Now, we'd like to obviously find – we'd like to find more customers from those channels. My point being more importantly that no matter what we're doing, we're going to try and maintain our discipline and only do it when we see the right ROIs. There's, obviously, lots of things that I want to always work to improve their paid channels, particularly in terms of trying to increase conversion is the primary thing you can do. And there are also things and looking out in different ways where we want to shift the money among the different paid channels. These are dynamic markets, as you know. And what we do will influence what other people do. So, it's always a bit of a strategy game going on. But you've seen our results so far and we're pleased with where we are right now with the paid channels.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So, I don't think we're in the area of counter cyclicality yet. We mentioned at the beginning that we see the travel industry in general around the world – I use the word generally healthy. So, we're not in an area of recession that would then stimulate some type of counter-cyclicality. So, I think your other point of good execution, I'd like to ascribe a lot of that just to good execution and give a shout-out to our 26,000 employees who are executing very, very well. In regards to the Grab partnership, I agree, I'm pleased with what we're doing there. I like what's happening there. It's, obviously, very small still, but it's growing and going the right way. And as you know, at about the same time we made a deal with Didi. And I mentioned, we're going to bring that one out similarly in the sense of being able to provide a seamless, frictionless ground transportation solution for our customers in China and other places where Didi operates over time. And also, the other way, the same with Grab is being able to expose our offerings of hotel accommodations, home accommodation, all the other things that we're going to offer to the very, very large customer base that Didi has. And, of course, what one wants to do is go out and replicate that in other parts of the world with other players and that's what our affiliate or strategic partnership teams are going out and doing and I'm pleased with the progress they're making in that area.
Glenn Fogel: We've talked in the past about the importance to grow our business, having a balance between the amount of money that we're going to invest to help grow out the future, at the same time maintaining discipline to provide an appropriate bottom line return for our shareholders. We're just going to continue to do that, and that's the way we do it. And we've talked many times about some of the things that we want to build. We've talked a lot about the connected trip and how, we see in the long run, that's the winner for us, the differentiator, the thing that will make customers come back because they will see a better experience, improve the loyalty, lower the amount of money that we have to spend on the advertising spend. These are all things that we are continuing to work on and we're going to continue to maintain that balance.
Glenn Fogel: Well, in regards to the first question, I think we're all familiar that we don't discuss potential M&A transactions publicly. So, I'll have to pass on that one. And I'm going to pass over to Dave in turn to talk about how the funds flows work and why the numbers will be what they'll be.
Glenn Fogel: So, the first one, you're absolutely correct in terms of a global company like ours, we do get some benefit when one particular area becomes a place that people don't want to travel to, there will be a certain portion that will shift to another place and we will get that business. That being said, another percentage of that business will unfortunately not travel. They had a specific reason to travel to that region or they just decided that they just didn't want to travel. That's what they wanted to do and now they're not going to do it. So, there is a drag even though we are global. And I'll point out that some of the areas which we mentioned in the last Q are still going on. The China outbound to the US is still down from where it was a couple of years ago. That is a drag. We had good business there. Certainly, we've all seen on TV what's going on in Hong Kong and that also is a drag on the economy. And there are other places like that. So, while we enjoy the benefits of a global business, there is no doubt that we would do better without these types of problems. In regards to your other question about air in Europe, we have been experimenting with lots of different ways. KAYAK is one of the ways in the past. We had a click out to part of a company called Etraveli that was – their offering was called Gotogate. And we now have a more accomplished, more fulsome relationship with Etraveli and doing a much more true integrated seamless type air product. The difference between doing a matter [ph] with KAYAK and having it actually integrated as a true OTA offering enable us the connected trip. You see it was all that data that we get from the actual conversion, all the booking data, all the things the person is doing to be able to offer them some seamless and – we like to talk about – holistic offering. So, one of the benefits with something like this is you can offer connected trip car rental or other types of ground transportation much more efficiently. And I would point out, just as a separate, and this is not related to the air product because that is relatively recent, but one of the things I'd like to see – I like that we've seen recently is what's going on in our rental cars business. And if you look at the statistical summary at the end of our release, you'll see that this recent quarter, we've had a nice uptick in that car rental, and that is partially due to the connected trip. Well, we are now offering that car rental much more connected with our Booking.com accommodations customers. So, that's another one of those instances where I see the connected trip beginning to come to fruition and see what we really can do.
Glenn Fogel: Well, we continue to talk about how it grows faster than our core hotel business and we're pleased about that. In terms of actual sizing, we gave you some data a couple of quarters ago. We're not updating that right now. And in terms of the overall industry, there is a lot of data around the world. And I'll say the swing from the people who give the lowest estimates to the people with the highest estimates is a pretty wide range. So, I wouldn't even attempt to try and come up with which one or where is the exact true number. We know it's a big business and we know it's an area that's important for us for the future and that's why we continue to devote time, resources and money to it.
Glenn Fogel: Absolutely correct. People in the developed areas of the world use credit cards, people in developing worlds are using all different payment products and it's very important that we be able to use every single one because our customers are used to using those. They want to use those. And if we don't have them, they'll go somewhere else.
Glenn Fogel: So, I'll talk about the advertising. Dave, you can talk about ADRs. So, in terms of brand advertising, and I've talked about this in the last quarter, I would like us to be doing better. We are not spending as much at the beginning of the year I may have thought we would have. But as I've always said, we're going to be careful with our shareholders' money. We're not going to spend blindly. We're going to always test and learn. And if I don't see the results the way we want them, we're not going to spend until we get it right. So, I'm a little disappointed where we are. That being said, it's okay. It's not terrible. It's just not as great as I would like it to be. I am very pleased that we have a new CMO at Booking.com. He has been there for just a few months. And I am looking forward to working with him very closely to come up with better creative and better campaigns in a way that we will achieve greater results for our brand marketing. And that brand marketing is not only TV brand marketing. It's video. It's all of the different things that one does in terms of producing a good brand campaign and I'm looking forward to doing this going forward.
Glenn Fogel: So, I'll answer the second one first. The flight thing is so early. It's literally just a couple of – there is nothing to be said about that yet, but I hope to be able to talk more about it in the future. In regards to the new role being both the CEO of Booking Holdings and Booking.com, we talked about that in the last call. And one of the things I pointed out was, because of my experience in bringing all of the companies that are part of this organization in to be part of what was originally just priceline.com and knowing all the management teams and knowing what's good and what needs some help and where the strengths and weaknesses are and personalities of the management teams, I felt that I would have a better opportunity to try and bring together the company closer and help us work more efficiently with all of our assets. And I'm pleased to say that I love the way things are beginning to come out the way it's good for our customers and our suppliers and our shareholders too. And I pointed out, in my prepared remarks, that Agoda and Priceline working together created that flight offering for Agoda right now. And I mentioned a little bit of the nice thing that we're seeing in our car rental business where by integrating rental cars into the Booking.com operation, beginning to see some upticks there. I can go on and on. And I mentioned how we're going to have more of this cooperation come up with new services because the connected trip requires us to be able to use all of our assets together.  I've always talked about the reason why OpenTable was not because we just wanted to have a reservation system, a restaurant reservation system, but because we know every single customer traveling needs to find a place to eat because they're not eating at home. And by putting these things together, all the data we have from the travel part, all the things we know about what they like in terms of where they like to eat at home from OpenTable and creating merchandise offerings to these customers in a holistic seamless way is just a much, much better experience than going from site to site to site. We have a center in Tel Aviv that has a whole bunch of machine learning experts, AI geniuses who are coming up with different ways to put together the different offerings. And we're going to continue to push that forward and that will create – and I said it earlier tonight about the differentiated service that will be able to bring people back with more loyalty, to enjoy a better experience than is being experienced before. That's what I'm so excited about. And seeing it to start come to fruition is just thrilling.
Glenn Fogel: And I'll just add to what David said. And one of the things again that you'll – that we do do and I think it is one of the advantages of being a very large player who can afford lots of data scientists and there's been a lot of money in trying to figure out what is the best personalization for a traveler and whether this person has come before or even not, but we know something about cohort. To be able to really offer them something that is what they want to buy and that's something that's very important because if you just throw up a search result that has no relevance to what they really want, you're not going to get much of a conversion. But because of the data we have, and we have more data probably than most any other travel player around, we use that in a way to make sure that we're offering up to our customer what they want and that's how you can help create that higher conversion. They're happier. It was an easy way for them to get what they wanted that builds the loyalty, they come back, we get more data. And again, circling back to the connected trip, the more we learn about our customer, the more we're able to then present to them all the things they wanted to know. If it's a leisure trip, what other things do they need. If it's a business trip, what things do they need. And that is just such an advantage of a smaller player and it's an advantage over any individual supplier in the travel ecosystem because they only see a small portion in their data of what the person was. So, even the largest hotel chain doesn't know anything about their customer in terms of what sort of ground transportation they want or what sort of restaurant reservations they like to make or what kind of air they generally want to do and what kind of attractions they want. That's the advantage that a full OTA like us has.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I don't want to go to any specific number, but I do believe that it's important we create services that people want to come back enough that we can accelerate. I'd like to do that. That's part of the reason we're making these investments. And I think in the long run, the thing is creating that great service that gets us loyalty from the people who currently come and keep coming and then creating that brand marketing of us, if you'll know about this better system and come to us and then use it. It's one of those things that, in these network economies, that when you create something that really is differential and better, the uptick can be very, very rapid. So, hopefully, and I believe we will be able to do this, creating these better services, creating this better experience, being able to provide an opportunity for all of our suppliers, this incredible breadth of suppliers in all different parts of the travel ecosystem, offering them an opportunity to reach out to our customers in this merchandising ways, different packages, different types of prices, different types of value and being able to present it to, on the other hand, our demand side which is so huge make it so much better that then creates that flywheel effect and have it start cranking up again. That's what I'd like to see.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I guess – and you asked for philosophically and I'll go back to that then. Philosophically, I'm against wasting money. And I want to make sure that we're getting the return for the money we spend. And again, our brand campaigns are fine. They're just not as good as I'd like them to be. So, when I say I'm disappointed, I'm not saying [indiscernible]. I'm just saying they're not as good as they could be. Some of the brand health metrics that we've seen have been good. Some have not been as good. I am very excited though about our new CMO. He had nothing to do with the old campaigns. These are new things that we're working on now and I'm looking forward to seeing some good results in the future with him.
Glenn Fogel: So, we've talked in the past about how we think we are under indexed in terms of the single property owner in the US. We know that's an area where we need to add inventory to have a fully competitive source of inventory against people who want that type of a place to stay. And we came to work on that. Obviously, we have a lot of different ways that we try and bring people on to the site and get – make it less burdensome to have people come on. That's something we're going to continue to do. It's blocking and tackling. And we're slowly building it out. So, that's the best I can say there. It continues to grow as we continue to add that type of inventory into the website and the inventory. In regards to the Ctrip deal that we saw announced, we continue to create partnerships ourselves. And we have a good partnership with Ctrip and they sell our hotels and we make money and we're happy about that. We also, though, said an agreement with Meituan, which is Ctrip's big competitor and we have good business and we have a good relationship with them too and we have a relationship with Didi, which is another Chinese player. And we have – as you know, we invested in Grab, as I talked about earlier, and we've put an investment into another APAC player, Serko, down in New Zealand. So, we continue to make those kind of investments and partnerships. It is not surprising that our competitors or other people in the space would also be thinking about doing those type of deals, et cetera. And I don't begrudge anybody who wants to improve their own position. That is the obligation of any corporation, to try and improve their business for their shareholders. And I suppose that's what they've done, but I have no details exactly about what the deal is. So, I really can't comment on the specifics.
Glenn Fogel: And we've said this many times, how important China is in the long run. And, yes, there are some economic headwinds in China right now that have impacted travel in general there. And, certainly, we've talked a little bit earlier about some of the outbound impacts. We have a multi-leg approach and we do everything from building out our own brands there to partnerships with OTAs, like Ctrip or Trip.com as it's now known or Meituan or ground transportation like Didi or many other B2B players where there is places where we can get customers.  We have almost 1,000 employees in China. We are doing all different types of brand marketing and other ways to try and to get people to see our services and get people to come to us directly. Or as I just said, we also get customers through the B2B method too. I will emphasize, though, China is a very competitive marketplace. And we have to always be trying to create the best services with good prices to be successful there. But we're going to continue to develop and work there because we do know that, for the long run, we need to create something that will be – something that the customers in China will want to use. And I'm pleased with where we sit right now. And I hope we continue to grow in the future.
Glenn Fogel: So, thank you, everybody very much. I'd like to say that we're pleased with the quarter. We're excited about the future. And we look forward to talking to you again in the New Year. Thank you very much.
David Goulden: Yeah. Lloyd, on the payment side, as you know, there are many moving parts. There are multiple different aspects of revenue in the payment stream and there are multiple aspects of costs. And essentially, as we've discussed, we've been using this both to help the business and as a marketing tool, but also building all the mechanics then to be able to optimize both sides of that equation, revenue and cost as the payment platform builds. So, next year, we do expect payments compared to this year to be a contributor to EBITDA growth. And it will come from both sides, both the higher revenue recovery and also through better cost efficiency as we roll the platform out, as we generate more scale, as we continue to refine the underlying structure of the product. As we said, long term, we certainly view that it can be not only a contributor to EBITDA growth, but also a profit center, but we don't want to quantify that right now. And as we go into next year, we'll probably give you a little bit more color as to how the payments business has progressed as a percentage of our mix, but it's continuing to increase nicely from the approximately 10% of Booking.com we talked about in 2018.
David Goulden: Yeah. The only thing I'd add is that, whilst alternative payment methods are certainly something that's a function that's happening, you see it happening around the world, you see more of them in Asia. And the ability to transaction in multiple currencies, pay-in, pay-out in different currencies, particularly pay-in for the travel point of view in alternative payment methods is a factor that is more prevalent in Asia than elsewhere.
David Goulden: Yeah, Justin. Thanks for the question. I'll give you a little bit more color on what's going on with ADRs because there are a number of factors. I mentioned a couple in my prepared remarks, but let me give you a little bit more flavor. So, in the third quarter, constant currency, we saw about a 3% decline; in the fourth quarter, expecting about 4%. When we look at that, about half of that decline is due to lower rates in key countries. And the ones I call out would be US, Japan and Hong Kong being the largest contributor to that piece of it. And about half of the decline is due to a mix shift towards lower ADR countries away from higher ADR countries. Now, some of that is affected by macroeconomic factors and those are impacting both rate and mix, and I'll describe what they are and I'll give you a flavor as to how we think they're actually playing out relative to just underlying trends. So, for example, less China into the US is impacting ADRs in the US with less inbound international travel. So is less and less expensive travel from Europe into the US due to the strong dollar. So, factors driving US ADRs on the right level. Less travel from South Korea into Japan is impacting ADRs in Japan. And, of course, travel into Hong Kong generally is down considerably that impacts both occupancies and ADRs there. But these economic factors are also impacting mix as well. They don't only impact rate. They impact mix, with less travel into high ADR markets – I mentioned US and Hong Kong – and more travel to some of the lower ADR markets, for example, other markets in Southeast Asia. So, you kind of put it all together and there are many factors that are impacting these global ADRs. It's difficult to be exactly precise, but we estimate about half of what we're seeing in the second half of this year is driven by external macro factors and about half of it is due just to underlying changes in our business. And remember also, we're comparing against two quarters where we saw unusual ADR increases last year. So, you kind of put all that together and you say, adjusted for that compare, our constant currency ADRs are down about 2% in Q3, about 3% in Q4, and about half of that we can attribute to macro external factors that should normalize over time.
David Goulden: No. Conversion is a multi-faceted fact. Obviously, people look for choice. They look for companies. They look for support. They look for quality reviews. They look for just the quality and the trust of the site and the products and there's a lot of good data science that goes on behind testing all those and they all have a factor. Good news is that there are many levers that we can pull to continue to improve conversion. And as Glenn said, price and value are key ones of all.
David Goulden: Brian, in terms of just quantification, just to recap, I think everybody knows us, but we've been clear that, for a while, direct traffic has continued – has been over 50% of our bookings and continues to increase from that data point. So, that's where it is from a sizing point of view and continues to move nicely each quarter. I don't think we have – for the capital and where we think that can go, there will always be a mix. We think that's – as we said, the performance channels, albeit growing more slowly, are a very efficient way for us to capture new customers and we like what we see there. When we see growth opportunities, we lean into them and we think it's a combination of both. And then, of course, as Glenn said, the more we build, the better flywheel, the better the conversion will be from those performance-led customers into direct customers and repeat customers. So, that's the way the business now operates, but there's not really a lot of new data to give you other than reiterate the points that we've already made.
David Goulden: Yeah. James, on merchant – and, obviously, just to clarify, the shift we're talking is the kind of rollout of the merchant platform of Booking.com at Agoda and Priceline and we do a lot of business on the merchant model already today. Booking.com, we continue to make progress. We gave you a data point a couple of quarters ago as to how many countries we're live in. We're continuing to add to that. We're continuing to add merchant capabilities in the US and make those available to a wider range of our property partners here as well. So, continuing to grow, as I mentioned earlier Mix increasing from 2018, but we're not going to give you a new data point on that just yet. At some point in time, we'll give you an update. So, we're pleased with how that is progressing and we're pleased with how it is giving us some additional flexibility in the business. And, of course, it's very important to underpin a lot of what Glenn talks about with the connected trip because if you want to really have a connected trip, you want to also be able to connect and aggregate the way that you pay for that and also be able to do things around packaging, pricing, payments, et cetera, through – and the merchant platform provides a mechanism for that as well. So, we are pleased with it. It's making progress today and it will be a bigger driver for us in the future.
