Glenn Fogel: Lloyd, why don't I take the first one about AI and then I'll let David talk about marketing and ROIs. So first and while it's an easy answer, it's the true answer, which is nobody knows yet how there's a very new technology generative AI how that's going to play out in the long run. That's one. Two, even though we don't know how it's going to come out, we know it's very important that we continue to do everything we can to explore experiment see what might be very helpful to our travelers and to our supply partners too along with internally to do things better internally for us. Every company is doing that including the big search engines like Google and they're coming out what they can do and nobody knows. A couple of things though I am fairly certain that history provides a good road map. And that is there will be changes but companies that are able to adapt quickly be agile have great technology experts will benefit from these kinds of changes. We saw it as things for example like when the mobile for came out, we were able to adapt quickly adjust and we got I think a very good advantage from that. I think that we will hopefully get the same type of benefits as this new technology Generate AI comes out. But one thing I didn't mention in the prepared remarks was, I mentioned all the companies, but I didn't mention Agoda. So Agoda is doing some very good things in terms of internally how can we use Gen AI to become more efficient with all types of code co-pilot type systems. So there are lots of different things that we're playing with all one. I'm really happy the way that we're doing from different directions having price line doing it at the bottom of the phone see how that works. Doing Booking.com's AI Trip Planner tops how that's doing that. The ChatGPT plug-ins from open table and from Kaya. So being able to do all these things from the different brands and being able to learn from each other, what works, what doesn't work, where should you put more emphasis where should we put less emphasis. I think that will help us have an advantage over many other companies that may not have the scale experts the -- basically the capital to put into what could be a very, very exciting future for us. We'll see how it plays out. And of course, nobody knows how regulations are going to play into this and that is something that could affect everybody. And David, I don't know if you want to talk about the market ROIs. 
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark, I'm smiling because I want to do number two first and to say both. But I'll do it in the order you gave it. So this is a question that comes up a lot because -- and I mentioned in the last call about how I'm always looking for the smoke signals is something changing. And some of the key things I always look at are people trading down in terms of star ratings, or are people going for a lower length of stay. Or are people shifting to areas that may be cheaper travel than what previously was more expensive travel, always looking for some sort of early warning signal that something is happening. And I do not see that yet. I do not see that in any of those areas. And that's what we're seeing right now. In terms of the AI, it's a very interesting question. And, of course, if we knew the answer we have a good sense of where should we be putting most of our investment dollars in our people put them into the area is going to give us the best return. But the things I mentioned in the first question, nobody knows the answer to these things. These are all just guesses. So at this stage it's very important to spread the bets around and see where the return is coming to see where we want to put people to work, put more money to work and see what's going to come back. One of the DNA of our company has always been experiment, see what works and keep pushing in what's better working better than other areas. So we're going to be doing a lot of different experimentation. And I think that's going to go on for some time before we really have a good sense where the best returns are. I think in the long run, of course, all -- both things you mentioned are going to give tremendous benefits to everybody. But if you're correct to ask the question, which things first and how much? And that is not known yet.
Glenn Fogel: Hi Kevin. So, I'm very pleased that we're continuing to advance while we talked about the overall -- we'll call it alternative accommodations is the way we define that area. We talk globally about our 11% growth being faster then the 9% for the overall company that 11% was a Booking.com number. But in terms of North America specifically are less reduced to the US which is the area where I think we all are more focused on. We have said many, many times I have seen many, many times that's an area of focus for us. We know we're under index. We know the areas we had to improve the product. And we talked in the last call, we called [indiscernible] for that too probably. About the things we're doing to improve it and that is both on the supply side making sure we're improving things so that people who own homes, people manage apartments, people who are in this space say, I'm sorry, but Booking.com, you're not doing certain things that you need to do for me. I'm glad that we are doing those things they will then be willing and are being to list their properties on our platform. That's great. And on the other side as I talked about last time is the importance okay, we got the properties now. We've got to make sure people know about it and I talked last time again about awareness and then we need to bring that up to. This is not a thing you saw overnight. This is something that you day by day, step-by-step grind it out and that's what we're doing in all different areas and we're seeing the progress. So, are we there? Yes? No, not even close to there yet. But the good thing is we're making the progress and that's all upside for us down the road. So we're going to keep on plugging away at it and I think we'll continue to experience good returns as we continue to invest in the area.
Glenn Fogel: And Doug, one other thing I want to add to this is Doug is the importance of the app and the connected trip. It's one of the important parts along with the other ones because one of the things that we really believe is important when you're traveling is to get advice, deals all sorts of things that you want to have your travel agent in your pocket. Well in your phone, that is the travel agent in the pocket. And then you throw on top of this all the Gen AI stuff all that. There's some real potential opportunities down the road that people are traveling they're going to have a much better experience than they have had in the past and that's what I'm looking for down the road.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Lee. I'll let David talk about whether or not he wants to talk about where the margins may go with that but I'll talk to just in general why do we continue quarter-after-quarter it seems to be improving our direct mix. And I believe the reason is because people like the product. That's the thing that helps. I've used it and they decide to come back because we're giving the best prices. We're going to most select selection, the greatest election. We're making it easier for them to do it. And we're providing great customer service something goes wrong to fix it. The reason I use and I'm not going to list some other new retail online retailers, there are some big ones I use. I use a need cash. I do it because it's better. And in the end, that's what wins as customers interest they come back with a better product, when the people believe in trust is the reason, people are loyal to a brand. That's what we're building here. And I believe, that's why we are slowly incrementally building out that direct mix. I think that's the biggest thing for me. David, you can add if you want to add anything to that? And also I'm not sure what you want to talk about in terms of margins, where people come direct and what that may do in the long run to our margin profile, EBITDA margin profile. 
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Eric. So the important thing is always priorities. What's the most important thing -- and we've mentioned numerous times, in terms of our alternative accommodations, how important it is to continue to build out the supply there. We have a large number of listings, that's true. I've talked about many times though, you have to have the right type of listing in the right locations. And we talked in the past, and it's not done yet in the US, getting the right accommodations, in the right places, so that we -- you will come they have something to buy. That's very important. That's top priority. When you ship down to something like attractions, not as important right now, it's important but it's not as high a priority, as getting an ultra combination. That's one of the most critical things, is making sure we're spending the time, energy, effort and money in the place they're giving us the best return. We have good attractions, from third-party connections. We have the key ones. And someday, it will be important to build out further along that. But for right now, for this year and next year, I want to make sure that we're going to have the bigger bang for the buck, which is being sure we have the right number and the right types of alternative accommodations on our platform.
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. David, I'll let you go on both those. I mean I'm not sure what you want to talk about in terms of us versus competitors or not. 
Glenn Fogel: Yes right. So clearly part of the issue is that our customers, I'm happy about this, they don't always use us. Sometimes they use a competitor. And we see that. We see that unfortunately more than I'd like. Part of it is not having a product that they want. That's one thing, which we're building out as we talked a little bit about. And the other thing is post things that there's -- they go for example internationally will go for this brand and by domestic on that one. The key thing for us is to develop that loyalty that the reason that somebody really thinks that they will come to us for any travel will come to us. So part of it is bring all this together with the connected trip. Bring it all together with payment, developing the more we learn about the customer with their permission of course and then providing them with the -- what they may want more than anyone else. So they will always come back to us for all this. What do I believe in the end it could be to I believe that in the end we could have all customers all the time of course not. But I hope that we can continue to improve this substantially in the long run. And we'll see that as we get to finish off some of these areas though that we're still building out. Things like making sure we have enough of those alternative accommodations from people so he wants it we actually have one. It's like making sure that we have the payment product that they want to use a payment system that. Many things around the world we've talked about they don't use Visa card. They don't use Mastercard. They don't use [indiscernible] space. They got other ways they want to pay. Make sure we have that payment for them so that traveler customer to comfortable using us. And I can go on and on and on with many other things. That's what we need to do. And how high do I think can be? I'm not going to guess at it. I just know it could be substantially better than we are right now. 
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So, yes, it used to be easy. There's a shoulder and there was a peak and life was easy to understand and that's how it used to be and it's not like that at all. And boy -- are things confusing right now when you have Omicron circling the world and some areas is hitting. And then a year later that's the area to comp against. So it gets very, very confusing. As David was pointing out in the numbers how something could look something, but actually it's much more understandable they had COVID in that area last year or they just opened up last year. Here's the thing. I hope that next year things have turned back to a more normalized ease understanding what the seasonality of travel is. However, there's a new thing this come in and that is the idea of people not going to offices as much and then, they're also traveling more. So they're using this Monday and Friday where they're traveling more for these longer weekends et cetera or perhaps a whole week et cetera. And I think that's going to make a more uncertainty to see what that is. What that may end up doing is, evening out travel throughout the year more where people are able to use time in areas that used to be shoulder season, but now people are using more which help spread out the travel more. I don't know. But we'll find out. That's why the -- I can't change any of that. So I'm not going to worry about it too much. What we use is in the near-term is, what signals we see in terms of how much we should spend on marketing or not. And in the long run what we hope is to continue to improve the products, because that's the way in the long run to win. That's how we do it. I'm sure lots of you are going to have lots of guesses about what the seasonality trends are going to be for the next couple of years globally. I'm not going to try and do that. You had another question I believe I forgot it though.
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. So if we look to way back to when American Airlines came out with our first loyalty plan. I'm actually old enough to me, I actually joined it. All the way to now there are lots of different loyalty plans for all different things and beyond travel for sure. And that another company comes out with a new one whatever that's nice interesting but the truth is I love what we're doing on Genius. I think it's a great pod and we're going to do even more with it. One of the things that's really wonderful about is that we use it with our partners together in a way to give benefit to both of us making sure that it is actually incrementally improving what's good for that partner along with of course being so good for our customer traveler, doing that is the way of any type of loyalty program should really work. And that's something that I think we've done a good job within [indiscernible]. Now we need to gain on more benefits and any more benefit that enable the supplier to give more opportunity to merchandise and give things that will be good for the traveler so they can win that actual transaction. And that's something we're going to continue to do. We've talked about how we've improved it from where it just started out and now we're up to three tiers. And there are lots of things down the road that will add on as we continue to develop the connected trip that will give us opportunity to give more benefit -- incremental benefits to both sides. I really don't worry too much about what somebody else is doing a more concern making sure we're executing right on the things that's important for our customers, or both the travelers and the suppliers.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I'd like to thank everybody for participating. We are very, very pleased with the results you had. So I want to thank the partners, of course our customers, our dedicated employees and of course our shareholders. We appreciate everybody's support, as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you very much, and good night.
David Goulden: Yeah. Sure. Thank you, I will. Lloyd thanks for the question. So first of all, let's clarify that this is not a change in our approach relative to our design to lean in this year to recovery in travel market. We're still leading in through a recovering travel market. And you can see from our top line numbers we're doing quite well. So that hasn't changed and marquee merchandising investment in total will still be higher this year than it was in 2019, it kind of goes hand-in-hand with that lead-in comment. What I would say and what you're seeing is within that envelope, as we look for ways to optimize our marketing spend we've done a little bit more optimization than we expected not going into all the components of where that's happening. But we're looking at channels for incrementality or return to direct things like that and consistently testing across a very large marketing spend. You see that during the quarter we spent about $1.8 billion on marketing. So it's a large amount of money that we're spending across that spectrum. We are always looking at ways to kind of optimize different spend, different channels and different approaches. So it's really more to do with our ongoing effort to improve the efficiency of our marketing spend. But again, within the context we're still leaning in and looking to take share as the market continues to recover from COVID.
David Goulden: Yes. Justin, I think I gave a fair amount of color in my first answer, so I'm not going to repeat it. You did ask about when the direct makes place into this as well. And yes obviously as our direct mix is increasing as we commented it continues to do so. That helps but we're also getting helped from just looking across our total spend on marketing and looking at pockets of efficiency using some of the areas I talked about earlier.
David Goulden: So in terms of when you think about what's happening with the app. There are three ways of people can interact with us directly. They can come through the app. They can come to us directly on a desktop device and come to a strictly on a mobile device. And out of those three not too surprisingly, the app is the – is the sickest channel in terms of frequency and loyalty as you mentioned, which is why obviously your app is now a very high percentage of direct and has become an increasing usage of direct and we think that's a good thing. But relative to differences in frequency and loyalty we're not in a position to get into those today but it is definitely our best channel in terms of frequency and loyalty.
David Goulden: Yes. Lee, we obviously go next is very helpful for the business. And of course, we're talking about here really direct mix within our accommodations business, is kind of core business. And we've mentioned before, that we believe that we can continue to improve margins, a little bit from where they were in 2023, but we're not trying to walk them all the way back to where they were in 2019. We all have significant businesses that are lower margin businesses than we had in 2019, when we have a large price business we're moving towards having a life payments business. So, direct mix can obviously, offset some of the pressure in the business. But don't expect it to walk our margins back to 2019. That's not what we've talked about gains, but we do believe it's one of the factors that can lead us to have continued improvement from where we are now.
David Goulden: Yes. Let me clarify. First of all, when we talk about these regions on a geography basis we're talking about on a book basis. So yes, Glenn it does capture bookings being made by U.S. travelers including those that are moving overseas, which is one of the reasons why we're getting growth. We mentioned that we're back to a mid-single-digit growth in July in the U.S. after seeing a very small decline in growth in Q2. And actually, that was really just April and May. By the time we got to June, we were back to growth as well. And then the April May comparisons relate you to the really strong rebound we saw particularly in those months when the old player was declared in Omicron last year. So we got a little bit of a funky comparison on there. So I think we're doing well in the marketplace. It's too early to kind of call how we see us doing any against the market for a single quarter. We like to kind of look at that on a longer-term basis you can look at how the year pans out. I would just point out that relative to the market, we mentioned in July when over 30% growth in the U.S. versus 2019 not significantly well ahead of any market data points. Market is perhaps closer to breakeven maybe slightly positive compared to 2019. We're up 30. So we tend to look at it over the longer period of time and we'll have a better view on exactly, how we're doing in the U.S. relative to the market as the year develops and as the year ends. As Glenn mentioned, we're pleased with many of our programs there. We also know there's a lot of upside for us to continue to push more into the U.S. marketplace. 
David Goulden: Yes, Alex let me take that. So yes, I mean as you called out in the prepared remarks there are two factors that are causing us to take the guidance to take rates to call our number down a little bit from where we were before. And actually, both of kind of what I call good things happening within the business. So the first is that the business is growing faster and the booking window has steel on gate compared to where we thought we'd be this year which means that we're not going to get all the benefit from timing recovery this year. Some of that timing recovery will be delayed into next year. So that we should get back as a positive that piece of the reduction will get back as positive next year. The fact that flight is growing faster than we expect is also putting a little bit of pressure on margin. But as Glenn said, that's a good thing as well because we are building out more capabilities and more opportunities to work with our customers across connected transactions. So those are the two main dynamics, one of which we will get back in terms of the timing recovery, which we thought would happen this year will now happen more likely over two years. 
David Goulden: That's obviously a different way of looking at the EBITDA margins than we do but you're right obviously some of the contra revenue because of merchandising impacting the revenue line. The diet mix will obviously help overcome pressures in the accommodation business. Obviously, it seems like alternatives become slightly bigger seeing Asia becomes slightly bigger. So I think when we've talked about the long-term model for the business, assume that the core accommodations business can get back to in the rough region where it was 2019-ish and then the impact on EBITDA margins in the overall business will be driven by the mix of some of the newer businesses will become quite large in terms of particularly payments and flights neither which were a major factor in 2019. What I would point to is as I step back further and say what we've committed to for our long-term more, which I think is very important compared to 2019 is we have a business that is larger on the top line and the bottom line and growing faster the top line and the bottom line than it did in 2019. And that I think is the overall commitment that we've made that we're very convinced will stick to that I think will help drive your thinking about the overall model.
