Glenn Fogel: Mark, it's Glenn speaking. So I know you'd like me to be able to tell you it's all fine, stable, and it's going to be the same going forward. But the fact of the matter, these markets, as you all know, are extremely dynamic. So when we find good opportunities, we find high-quality traffic at the ROIs that we like, we step in, and we're going to buy. Similarly, when we think that there's something that we don't like, we're going to step away, whether that's because the platform's acting the way that we don't believe is in the best interest of our customers or for some other reason, we're going to vary how we're going to spend in those pay-for-performance channels. But what I said a year ago and I continue to say it now, is the importance of increasing our brand spend. And we're going to continue to do that, and you saw some of the increase already, and we here said we're going to spend more. And the reason is we believe, in the long run, we want to try and drive as much traffic as we can directly, and part of that is creating a brand awareness. And we talked about this in the past several times. So I can't give you any sort of specifics about how much it is we're going to do in performance, is it up or down. I can say there's probably going to be dynamic. There's going to be movements up and down going forward. But I absolutely believe, in the long run, the right thing is we'll try to increase that brand advertising to get the people to come direct. David, if you want to add any color, go ahead.
Glenn Fogel: Lloyd, so talking about marketing and the brand, what we're trying to do here? I can't give you any sort of specifics of when we think the ROI is going to be. I will say that it's still very early. If you recall last year, we talked a little bit about how we increased the number of people in terms of our brand marketing, how we're increasing the ability to develop technology tools to be able to measure, and we're continuing to do that. And we do like what we're seeing, and we are increasing the spend. This is a difficult thing as we continue to go forward in terms of understanding the attribution and how much of a factor you're getting for your brand that's going over to where your pay-for-performance is now performing better than it would have in the past and many different ways to understand what's the true ROI. It's going to be something we're going to continue to experiment, but I do believe we are going to continue to ramp up that spend, as I said in the last question, and it is something that we do believe is very important. Regarding the second thing, I want to make sure you heard what I said perfectly. What I was talking about is we are having people who are coming to our first time-ever, we call it, book time with Booking, and the first thing they're using is the home product. That's something we really like to see growing because that's showing that there's awareness of our booking home product beginning to grow. In terms of specifics, I'm not -- we're not going to give out any numbers on that area.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. I'll take the first one, Justin. I'll let Dave take the second one. So as I remarked earlier, when we see good opportunities, we're going to spend. When we see areas that we don't think is appropriate, we're going to lean back in terms of marketing spend. The markets are extremely dynamic. And as David mentioned, there were some interesting things happening towards the end of Q2, running into Q3 that made things a little bit harder to try and foresee the future. So in each one of those things where we did spend more at certain times, and we did end up with more room nights. That's clearly in the math there, and we're pleased about it. And we hope going forward that we'll continue to find these type of opportunities that are going to help us build the franchise.
Glenn Fogel: We don't usually talk about individual brands, which is growing faster, which ones are not. But I will say that Asia is a fast-growing area. It's also a very competitive area. It's been that way for some time, and I suspect it's going to continue to be that way for some time in the future.
Glenn Fogel: So as you know, we don't generally talk about any individual advertising platform. And we also talked about over many, many years, we've had a wonderful relationship with people at Google, basically helping build out our business together with them, a very symbiotic relationship, helping improve each other's capabilities. And we're very pleased with that. And we hope that continues for a very long time. I can't say much beyond that, that would be helpful to you, I don't think.
Glenn Fogel: So as you know, one of the things that we're very proud about is our history of doing experimentation and not trying to make guesses or just projections without data. So what we're going to is continue what we've always done, and that is spend, test; test, spend, see how it goes. It's complicated. It's going to take a long time. And over that -- over this long period of time, we will find out what the optimal amount to spend is. But I can't give you a number now given that it's going to take significant amount of experimentation for a very long time before we are able to come up with what we think the optimal is. And the interesting thing about that is because this world is so dynamic, things change so rapidly, I don't expect we're ever going to come up with a set numbers. It's always going to be moving. One thing, though, I will add that I am happy to see is more and more of the brand marketing is going to digital video. And one of the good things about that is the measurement of that spend is better than it used to be when you're doing over-the-air TV. So at least we're getting better data, the measure against.
Glenn Fogel: I would just probably just add that -- and I understand where people are coming for all these questions and looking at the numbers for sort of guidance was. But what I continue to try and do is have our investors and people that are looking at our company is focus on the long term, what we're trying to grow, what we're trying to build, what's going to be great for customers and partners. So in the long run, we're able to achieve the mission, which really is to help people experience the world no -- to experience the world with less friction and more profits for us. That's what we're trying to do here. And some quarters are going to be better than expected. Some quarters are perhaps not going to be as good. And there's so much -- and again, I'll use the word dynamic. We got a lot of players in a market that are also bidding against us. Bidding their own strategies, brand advertising. We are trying to figure out what works, what doesn't work, lots of factors happening.  But as long as we continue to build our products, make things better for the customers, create what I talked on the past about this holistic system that really makes it easier for people to travel. As long as we focus on that and continue to do that, I believe, in the long run, we will continue to grow this company at a reasonable rate. And as we said so many times, we're still a single digit in accommodations in the whole industry. So that's a lot of ramp left.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. Look, it's incredibly important. We believe it's a great opportunity. We reported listing is up 21% year-over-year. You got to have the actual supply to actually book anything. If you don't have that, then you're not going to be able to move business, so that's a good start. But we've also talked in the past about the need to spend money to improve all the different things that need to be done to make a host, the person who's -- owns that property, be willing to rent it out to somebody. And we need to get the awareness to the demand side to get them to know, hey, we got this great product, come and get it. That's a lot of effort. And we were starting from behind from some of our competitors, no doubt about that. That being said, we talked about things that we built, and I talked a little bit about it in my prepared remarks, about some of the stuff that we've been building. And it's really a long-term project. This is not going to be done in a quarter or 2 quarters, even a year. But it's something that is a long-term thing that we absolutely believe in, and we believe that we're going to be able to continue to do it in the way that we think is the best way, and that's having both hotels and home properties on the same site. So the customer sees both products right there, sees the reviews right there. And we believe that you don't hit somebody with a traveler's fee at the end. And we believe incredibly important is the ability to do it on an instant-booking basis, so that when a customer is ready to purchase, it's done. It's not going back and forth, back and forth. And one of the things in that, though, is that there's an issue of trust. And that some of the tools we talked about for the host to be able to build some of the tools to make those hosts feel comfortable in an instant-booking area. So lots of things to be done, but it's an important part of what we're trying to build here. And I've seen -- as I mentioned earlier, seen people the first time they ever booked with us is booking a home product, loving that.
Glenn Fogel: China outbound. Yes, look, incredibly important. I love saying it, so I'll say it again. I love China see how the locomotive, the travel train. I just saw some interesting statistics that I thought were indicative of how important this can be. So 2014, there were 55 million Chinese passports they could use to go outbound. 2017, it's 120 million passports. That shows kind of the growth. People don't get a passport unless you intend to actually go out of the country. China is also making things, making it easier for a Chinese tourist to go out. So in 2015, there were 46 countries that were visa-free. Now there are 74 countries, makes it a lot easier to go. As the -- and this is anywhere in the world. When the economy is doing well, as people get more money, they want to travel more. And in China, when the person is able to afford to travel outside China, they want to go. If you look at some of the social stuff going on, social media, people putting out their pictures of visiting London, in Paris and Rome and all that. But it's more than that. It's all over the world, and I've talked about the times being in Alaska seeing Chinese tourists, being in Iceland seeing Chinese tourists. It is so important for us to be able to get a good share of that product, and that's why we're doing a lot of effort. We have over 1,000 people in China working for us there. I think we have either a dozen or 14 offices in China. We have made -- as you know, we've made some significant investments to have good partners in China. We invested in Ctrip some time ago. We invested in Meituan, and we recently made an investment in DiDi. By making these investments, we are getting different ways to reach the Chinese tourists, so that we can show them all the great things that we offer to them. So when they want to travel, we've got what they need. And we're excited about it. We're pleased about it. And we think it's going to have a long-term benefit to our company.
Glenn Fogel: All right. So in terms of cannibalistic in terms of homes, I don't usually think of it that way, really. I think about providing the choices. On what the consumer decide, it's fine by us. It's not our decision to try and direct them one way or the other. We do recognize, though, if we don't have the home, we may lose somebody who wanted a home, even though they may come to us and want to check out the hotels and we don't have the home. That may be a negative. We've always said that it's important for us to try and get every single type of accommodation on that platform. It's homes, apartments, it's -- we say a unique place to stay. We really mean unique. We're talking about yurts. We're talking igloos in the winter. We're talking everything there. That way, by providing that incredible breadth, really makes it more appealing to the consumer that when they want to travel or thinking on what they're going to do, they come to us. They know they're going to be able to get what they want on our side. Now in terms of experiences, in the long run, it is important. It's not something that we're going to just go 1 million miles an hour right now and crash the income statement by just throwing money at it to build out the thing, but it's something that is very, very important. And the reason is not only the money that it will bring to the bottom line, the incremental EBITDA, but we also believe, in the long run, it goes to that thing that I've talked about so many times, is providing that system that makes it easier and better for the person to travel. And I've experienced it myself as a consumer. I use it. And in cities where we have these things like experiences, it's just been a wonderful thing to be able just to show that QR code off the Booking.com app, skip the line to go on to the [indiscernible] or go up to the castle at the top of the mountain and celebrate. I did that. And I said, this is great. And that's the type of thing we do, so to build loyalty, it'll make it easier. So there's a lot of compound besides just getting the incremental amount of money out of that one transaction.
Glenn Fogel: So our business is based on creating a great relationship both with people who want to stay in accommodation and people who are supplying the accommodation. And whether it be a large multinational, international chain or a single little hotel owner in the middle of some small village in France, it's always trying to provide value to them, as we provide value to the demand side. And sure, I've seen the edge for some of the large international chains, and nothing wrong with that. They want to attract people to come to them directly. They think it may be cheaper for them to do that. There's nothing wrong with that. We have a great relationship. I'd point out that the international large chain is actually a small portion of our business. We've talked about in the past, about 15% of our business. But we want to do everything that we can to be helpful and help make their business better. That's how we win in the long run. And we do provide a lot of value. We have the largest demand platform in the world for accommodations. So anybody who has a hotel and wants to fill a bed with a body and make some money, we're the people to come to. And some of the stuff that we do doing over 40 languages, over 40 languages, and doing customer service in these languages, we paid for that. That was [indiscernible] That's our cost. Doing all of the marketing that we do, those things are done more efficiently than almost any hotel could do on their own. And they'll find that efficiency, we're providing that value to these hotels. I want to -- I read about this and I hear about people saying the fight between the people like us and the hotels, and I really wish people would stop thinking this is a sporting event, a boxing thing or something like that. This is a thing where, sure, people want to attract people to their own site to say, look, why don't you come to us direct, too? I don't wanted to pay money for marketing. But in the end, I really want to change the -- just the tone of everything, so that we see that we're really helping each other. And this is really a symbiotic relationship. And I'll let David talk about capital structure.
Glenn Fogel: So we don't -- we're not going to get into talking about the relative costs for mobile or desktop. I would, of course, caution the obvious thing, but some people seem to sometimes forget this that mobile does not mean app and does not mean free. So I just want to make sure everybody is on the same page on that one because it's not. We are very pleased now because we believe, as people continue to move towards the mobile device and doing all of their -- doing their travel with a mobile, it gives us a great opportunity to continue to work with the customer throughout the trip, providing them with more services, more things and making them better experience, make their travel better, so that they are then more loyal to come back to us again because we're offering always great things on the mobile. That's the good part about mobile. That's where it's really at. And I wouldn't get too much to wrap around whether or not the cost is higher or lower. Again, these are competitive markets. And over time, I imagine they're probably going to end up in an area where the equilibrium is not that different in desktop, who knows. That's my point about mobile. Dave, if you want to add anything to that.
Glenn Fogel: So thank you for joining us for the call today. Very pleased with our quarterly results, and we remain very excited about the future prospects of the company. I look forward to updating you after our fourth quarter call. Thank you very much, and good night.
David Goulden: Oh, Glenn, thank you. I think just consistent with Glenn's comments, we did reinforce in my remarks that we're very focused upon the growth and the balance of that direct business, again, which remains our largest single source of new customers and represents about half of our booked room nights. So it's a very strategic part, not the only part. But the spending on brand obviously supports that and also supports our longer-term strategy to expand our portfolios to provide more value to our customers.
David Goulden: Yes. Mark, this is David. Let me just start off with that. I understand where the question is going. Let me just -- first of all, I think you do have to look at the year in 2 halves. As you mentioned, the first half, broadly speaking, we have the benefit from our ROI authorization activities comparing optimized -- less optimized a year ago, and in the second half, we start to lap it. So you start seeing the two halves start to play out in a slight different way. I think one way to look at it, if you just look at the full year, and I know this is a projection based upon the top end of our guidance range, Q4, but if you look at the full year and you add everything together, you see 13% room night growth, 17% revenue growth, 17% EBITDA growth, 16% EPS growth. So I think it represents a fairly healthy year. Obviously, there's been significant stories during that year. And I know it's been a little bit of challenge sometimes for us to walk everybody through the moving parts. So one -- and one way to look at it is just kind of step back and look at the bigger picture for the year. The other part of your question is kind of what will things look like going forward. And I'm not going to give you a specific amount of leverage or deleverage, but I mean, our longer-term view of the business hasn't changed. And as we put our -- there's always going to be a bit of an ROI reset going on with -- being certain of our performance channels over the course of the last 18 months, but our longer-term view hasn't changed. And as we think about our 2019 plan, we think about our longer-term plan, what we plan to do is to invest in the business, to grow at above-market growth rates, expect to have and tolerate some modest deleverage in our EBITDA margin rates to achieve that build-out of the platform and that above-market position but have a close eye on the EBITDA dollar growth. So that gives you a little bit direction. But I don't want to get into the specifics yet as to how much, and we're still obviously working through that. We'll give you more as we finish our 2019 plan.
David Goulden: Yes. Thanks, Glenn. And then on the -- on housekeeping, actually, it's a fairly important point. You can really see the transition occurring -- starting to occur in Q4 '17 when the growth in our merchant bookings started to significantly exceed the growth in our agency bookings as we are building out and deploying a global payments platform at Booking.com. That does a number of great things for us, for our customers and our partners. For our customers, it gives them many more choices to how they may want to pay for their transactions either in advance or closer to their stay. It gives them more opportunities to pay with the payment product of their choice. It may not necessarily be a credit card. It could be something like an Alipay, for example. For us, it lets us basically provide our customers with a more consistent service because we're in charge of exactly how our payment flow works. And then for our partners, again, we offer them more ability to accept different payment forms from different customers in different parts of the world because we can basically pay them, the partner, in the form of whatever they like to take even though we may have taken the payment in on the front end. There are different payment mechanisms. So it is the build-out of that global payments platform principally rolling through Booking.com having the impacts. And you see that mixed shift occurring. It's been occurring for quite some time as we see merchant revenues -- merchant bookings, rather, outstripping the growth of the agency bookings.
David Goulden: That -- Kevin, we'll just update you every quarter on how we've done. Yes, I think I saw a new policy. I think it's the right way to go.
David Goulden: Brian, let me start, and then I'm sure maybe pass it over to Glenn for a couple of comments. So yes, you asked a number of things there. So yes, just to confirm, direct did increase mix in the quarter and also our performance growth in the performance channels, again, they did in the early part of the year, specifically in the Q2, to just kind of confirm that. And why did we see some more opportunities there? Well, we always test the amount of kind of elasticity and what the potential is to increase growth rates to return for investment. We're testing constantly in those channels, as I mentioned, a very dynamic and real-time testing kind of what we see as opportunity. And we saw a little bit more opportunity to drive growth without dropping ROI very much, if that makes sense. The prior elasticity test we had during the year would say that if you were wanting to drive a lot of growth, you have a high reduction in ROI. We saw some opportunities in some of our key channels to drive some more growth with less of a drop in ROI. We thought that was a smart thing to actually do. So that accounts for a number of things we've already talked about. It accounts for kind of why our performance in marketing spend was perhaps a little bit higher than many people have estimated. But as we commented upon the performance in room night, that was part of the reason why we're able to do better, and we know that's not the only reason why we're able to do better in the room nights. And that's why we lent into those channels a little bit more in Q3 than we expected to when we gave our guidance. There were some other factors, of course, that we're very much at the top of our mind when we gave that guidance at the start of the quarter. I mentioned there are other unusual patterns we were seeing in July. In August, those started to get better. Particularly, the whole weather situation in Europe got better, both in terms of the heat wave breaking in the north and the scorch wave breaking in the south. So those are all contributing factors but specifically related to the channels, I think, that gives you some color.
David Goulden: And Glenn, if I can just pick up the point on meta because that was in the first question. For obvious reason, we're not in the so-called HotelsCombined because we have not got the final approvals yet. So we've been working down that path nicely. But what I would say is that we think the meta segment is very important. And it is a segment because I think are a group of people who will always want to go a meta first before choosing their travel, and there are other people who are prepared to build their longest-term relationships with the OTA platforms. And we think that winning model is a global multi-platform model, which we are building in the meta space. So we think it's a very important part of our strategy, and people shouldn't get confused. We don't think it's necessarily competitive with our parts of the business. It's complementary because it addresses a segment of the marketplace that just prefers to go there first, and we want to have a great solution for those customers as well.
David Goulden: Well, in terms of meta as a channel now for our businesses, I think we are now will be fully lapping in the Q4. The areas where there was the biggest share shift in terms of the changes that we made when we started our ROI authorization effort was, in fact, in meta, so we should get benefits in their Q4 over Q4. But we like our ROI approach. We think that what we've done is -- got things to a level that works nicely for us and for our business. So now we're lapping those, and we're looking incrementally opportunities just like I mentioned we did with other channels in the Q3.
David Goulden: Yes. Anthony, obviously, capital structure could be a very long topic, and we've only got a couple of minutes for it. So I'll try and give you the kind of a higher view. First of all, I think you have to step back and look at we try to do with the business. There is a huge travel market opportunity out there, and we only have -- we have a single-digit share of the combination segment where we are the strongest. Therefore, we have a lower single-digit share of the broader travel marketplace. And our mission is to build out the best online global travel marketplace on the planet, offering choice, value, service and seamlessness for our customers. And that price is a huge price. And that is a price, I think, everybody wants us to go forward and try to develop. So that is our primary mission in life, and we are fortunate to have financial resources to be able to do that and, of course, be able to return significant amounts of money to our shareholders. Now that ability to return to shareholders as aggressively as we can right now has been aided by the Tax Act that is relatively new. I think that the commitment to return $10 billion over the next 2 to 3 years is a very important step forward. But I do want to put it in the context that broader opportunity to invest both organically and inorganically in building out this incredibly large opportunity we have in front of us where I think we have the ability to generate something, which is of significant value for our customers, our shareholders, for our partners, which is kind of our primary mission in life. So if that helps, that's how we think about it.
David Goulden: Yes, James, let me start with that. So to answer the direct question, are we more optimistic about Q4 now than we were when we did our guidance last time? Yes. I think we're pretty clear last time when we were guiding, we were sitting looking at June and the July period, which were impacted by some macro facets that were out of our control, Europe being biggest in the marketplace was going through the most ridiculous weather pattern we've ever seen where the south was -- sorry, where the north was kind of warm and dry, and people didn't want to go anywhere vacation; and the south was basically in the 40s and raining, and people didn't want to go there. So that really affected our business. We couldn't predict when that was going to change, and that was also compounded by the World Cup going on, which, again, had big impacts on Europe, with big countries doing well in the tournament. So we were seeing that looking at a high degree of uncertainty. As I mentioned, as we developed through the quarter, things got better. Things got better than we expected in most of our geographies. And Europe was certainly the biggest one, and things did improve in Europe. And obviously, we ended the quarter at a higher growth rate than the average for the quarter because we commented that we expect a deceleration back on our August call. So we are looking at Q4 from a stronger lens than we expected to be, if things hadn't improved. And as I mentioned, our guidance for Q4 would reflect some deceleration from what we saw from a growth rate in October. So those are the factors, which we are looking at. And hopefully, that clarifies the puts and takes. But the short answer to the question is, yes, we are in a stronger position about our view of Q4 now than we would have been, if things have not improved in Q3, which is what we've built into our Q3 guidance.
David Goulden: I'm not going to get into the relative growth rate of different segments. But obviously, a lot of the things that were out of our control, we talked how it impacted our view of the world in early Q3 were happening in Europe. And yes, we talked about some level of acceleration from Q2 into Q3, and we saw that across most of our major geographies.
David Goulden: No, Glenn. I think that's the key point. The key point is that when we talk about the trip and be able to interact with the customer during their trip, their mobile device is always with them. It's always on. The desktop, they can go back to it occasionally, but they tend not to take the desktop with them. So if they open their laptops at night, maybe they [indiscernible] may want to try today. But the mobile device is there the entire time. So it's a very strategic shift in the business and particularly as we build out all the aspects of the trip. We like our customers interacting with us much more often on mobile than they can on a desktop device.
