Glenn Fogel: Lloyd, why don't I take the first one. I'll let David talk about payments, then add anything he wants in terms of fixed cost going forward. So obviously, we are very pleased with third quarter and we are very pleased with what we're seeing, albeit it's small numbers into the first quarter. David just talked about that 25% on the books in Europe in euros, I'd like to see that. Your question is, is there anything we're seeing from consumer sentiment or on expanding some macro that may be inhibiting growth or be hurt in the future? And something that's very hard to know is what's the counter factual. And we're doing well measure would be if all these terrible things that we read in the newspapers have not been happening, how much better would it be? I can't measure that? I don't know. What I do know, though, is that we are seeing good numbers, and we're pleased with where we are. We know that we've been through bad times in the past and were able to do very well. We've made adjustments where we've had to. I've been now in this company for 23 years almost. We've had some recessions and we have some real disasters. And we have managed this company extremely well steering it through some very stormy weather and being able to adjust. So many of our expenses are variable, so we can adjust very quickly and we adjust automatically almost as volumes change. But I'm feeling good right now, albeit the world can change any time, and I'll let David now talk to you want to say about specifically fixed expenses and also about payments.
Glenn Fogel: One, I just mentioned in general and then if David want to state specific. Look, marketing for travel is always extraordinarily competitive. It's never not competitive. No matter what channel you're spending your money, it's competitive. And we're always trying to make the right judgment and how much money to spend, what we think the ROI is going to be and looking into it for the long view in terms of what this does in terms of our overall building the franchise. I can't give any specifics in terms of up and down. David can talk about percentages of the amount of marketing spend we've been doing versus gross bookings over the last couple of years. But again, the market is never less competitive. It's always competitive, and I think we have performed very, very well regardless.
Glenn Fogel: Mark, so you're very right about the importance of the mobile app, and I say that every single prepared remarks call we do, I always mentioned it's an important part of our platform. How we are doing is by creating a great experience for the people who are using it. That's the same thing we all think you're trying to get somebody uses provide a great experience will come back and they'll tell all the people, et cetera. We're not necessarily doing anything really different than anything anyone else does, but just doing it well. In terms of when do -- what would be the top level for it? That's hard to say because as the people who create these mobile devices continue to prove upon it and people find it more advantageous to use that versus their desktops, it's hard to say, but it could be an extremely high number that people go to the mobile device. Now our job is to make sure people use our app use mobile web search where we have to pay, which is one of the key things. We mentioned, I think, over 60% of our business was going in mobile, but 45% is at the app. So obviously, we want to make anybody using the mobile device. We want them to use the app is how to direct them. Regarding flights, I should have checked countries. I haven't done that recently. It's an awful lot, but some of the areas is a relatively low amount because there's very little awareness. I think, for example, I give you an extreme. I know we brought up Pakistan, not that long ago, not a lot of flights yet in Pakistan, but we are getting out there. The key thing for us again is creating a better experience. And I'll be honest with you. Our flight product is not yet, what I would say, as good as it should be. We continue to improve upon it, make it better than it's been in the past, providing the features that some other of our competitors offer up to consumers that we don't do yet that we want to offer. So there's a lot of upside left in this, I think a tremendous amount of upside. And the numbers are still, while we like the growth rates, it's still relatively small.
Glenn Fogel: So I'll talk a little bit about merchandising. A couple of things. First thing is, so can be an investment that we're making, a way to bring in customers, retain customers or ways that we feel it necessary to be competitive against other OTAs or our suppliers even. The fact is that we're always looking where to spend the money at the best return. And merchandising, if we see somebody else is off in a lower price, we recognize that one of the most important things is to give a competitive price, and we need to make sure that we're offering that up to the customer. Many times, we want to do my talk with our supplier partners and making sure they bring us as I said in the prepared remarks about bringing us the most competitive prices. But if for some reason is not available, and we feel a need, we'll put money in there to make sure that our customers like to at Booking.com and we'll provide them with a great place to do their travel bookings. That's one. Second thing is I want to make sure everybody understands that merchandising doesn't always mean a discount by us. It can mean lots of things. People offering up some other type of benefit, for example. Although it if somebody were to offer up a upgrade in a room, I'll consider that a merchandising technique to do. If somebody offers a free breakfast at the hotel, I'll consider that too. We're not paying for that breakfast, it's the free breakfast. So parts of ways to do lots of levers to play. That's one of the things we think is so important is making sure that we are providing the most competitive offering out in the space and in addition, being able to use all of our investments in the right way at the right time to get the right return. And as a lot of data to see where is it best to be put out. I'll let David go with the other two questions.
Glenn Fogel: So Doug, I'll start with the hotel trading down stars or I have not seen anything in any sort of geographical area that would anything stand out differently. We're seeing people who want to travel to have a significant amount of savings over this COVID period and they want to travel and some are even traveling longer to stay and enjoying it regardless of what the economic situation is. So we -- I have not seen anything and David, you saw I would say anything that where you talk about what we're seeing for ADRs going forward, I'm not sure we've said we were going to say publicly.
Glenn Fogel: So Eric, basic concept for us has always been more is better, more supply is better and it's always the consumer's choice of what they want to stay, where they want to stay. They want to stay in a home or villa, apartment or a hotel, that's it. So in terms of overall, we do need to continue working hard at getting more supply of all types. I've talked many times in the past about our need for the single property, the home specifically that we need to build. I talk geography. I've always talked about we need to build in the U.S. even better. And one of the things is creating a better onboarding experience for people who own these properties, improving the payments for these people, coming up with ways they feel better about having some may stay in their property with an insurance type property. These are something that we have been working on that we brought out, and we're going to continue to roll things out down the road to make it better for the owners and the managers of these properties to be willing to put it up on our platform. Now I believe the -- and this is what we've seen over many, many years is that as we bring more and more supply in, that will help us build the business. And I absolutely think that this is something that is not some is going to require some rocket science or some great thing that can't be invented. People are doing this. We just need to continue to work on it, put people to work, create the things necessary, and we will roll this out on the is taking longer than I would like, but I am very pleased with where we are. And I think some of the numbers that we've talked about are encouraging.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I mean, we could easily increase that if we didn't do so well in hotels. It's one of those things where we think of this holistically, we want to get more bookings, as I mentioned earlier. This is really a case where the consumer makes the decision, not us. We think one of the great advantages of our platform is that we offer all the different types of accommodations. And we have seen the data where people come to our site. And the first thing they're looking at may be one type of combination, let's say, hotel. They end up booking with a home because they saw that in the search results and they were going back and forth looking around. It's really so that we're very pleased to have that ability to offer up all the types of accommodations to the customer. So I don't see anything to try and artificially try and drive more people to the alternative accommodations necessarily a thing that's going to increase the value of the company. I think providing the customer with what they want, what they need, what they think is best for them is really the right way being consumer-centric and really driving that is the best way to build the company.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So let me talk in general about why we have different brands. We have different brands because they offer a different user experience to the consumer and the different things that they are aiming to do different strategies. We really -- we totally understand the issue of are we calling excess cost? Are there ways to save money by doing things that are not duplicative? So we are -- we understand that. We are working all the time looking at those things that we can try and improve upon. But at this time, I do not see any reason I'd want to separate out and say, well, we're going to at one of these and just go under one brand. Some of our competitors have done that. And to me, that may be there -- our strategy is to continue with the differentiation among these brands and continue to build them out the way they're doing them. In terms of the actual North U.S. for Priceline versus booking, I don't believe we never disclose anything of that nature. So I think we're going to sit tight with that and keep going the way we are.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. And I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for the company. Thank you, everyone, and good night.
David Goulden: Yes. Thank you, Glenn. I just point that about two-thirds of our expenses are variable, which is caused a very important starting point. We, of course, do look at the fixed payments costs very carefully, but just put that into context. And then also just to clarify, the 25% is actually a Booking.com global number, not just Europe, it's around the whole business. So I think Glenn said what we need to say about the expense side. We will -- we have an agenda to move forward, we really want to continue enhancing our products and services and obviously, that requires continued investments and movement towards further important payments that the connected trip. Relative to the payment platform, of course, we are pleased with the progress. We did give you some additional delay, as you mentioned. So you get a feel for what the revenues are for payments now, also you get a feel of what the corresponding expenses are in sales and others that offset those revenues. Because as we said, this year, we're running the payments platform at about breakeven when you look at revenues and you subtract the sales and other expenses. What I'll also tell you is that relative to 2019, payments is having about 0.5 basis points or about 0.5 point impact on our EBITDA margins as that mix of revenue has increased our breakeven or at mix revenue has increased. Now of course, back in 2019, we actually weren't a breakeven, but the combined impact of where we were to where we are now is about 0.5 point of headwind on our margin, but of course, is giving us additional capabilities. Going forward, room night has not changed. So we do expect to turn to profitability in that combination of payments platform, a combination of revenues, less sales and expenses in 2023. We are rolling out FX and other services on a market-by-market basis. And of course, testing levels we always do before we continue to push them further. We have an exciting road map. It's a multiyear road map for payments. I don't expect anything to change very rapidly in the course of 12 months, it will be a course of multiple years. But if you look at the sources we can provide for our business today in terms of reducing friction for customers and bookers and then we can look at how payments can really help underpin the factor in the future, we're very encouraged and excited about it. I think with the additional disclosure we give you today will be help have a more constructive dialogue upon how it's doing going forward against those benchmarks.
David Goulden: Okay. Brian, we can take in reverse order. So Majorelle, you're very close, is basically, from a P&L point of view, this year is just moving around geography because always going through a transition phase, I think we mentioned that about $25 million of personnel expense quarter and about $6 million of G&A expense a quarter move out of those lines respectively and into sales and other. And that started in June 1. Essentially, starting in Q3 and Q4, you see the full impact of that. As we mentioned, the policy Majorelle does have some cost benefits to it, but really most about flexibility. It's about our ability to flexible down quickly, respond to different market needs, different pictures of languages. So over the longer term, compared to continuing to build out ourselves, there are some cost benefits and it'll start occurring in 2023. We haven't quantified yet. We'll think about whether it makes sense to try and quantify the middleware for you next year. But again, it's not the primary driver. So I'm not saying there are no cost managers. That's not why we entered into that partnership. What we sell says the partnership is working exceptionally well. We just completed the summer period, and our customer service results were also solid under the new regime because we did keep some folks ourselves. On the U.S., well, of course, we are growing. So we're investing. I mean it's no big surprise. We haven't broken out contribution margin dollars in different regions. We don't plan to do that. But obviously, we're investing in the U.S. to grow a position, which is continued to increase. And as that increases over time, we'll be able to deliver higher profitability for it. But we're not -- we're not any way this leaves with what we're doing in the U.S. And obviously, it's a market where people do make money, and we do too, just maybe not the same rate as the market we're not investing in price heavily.
David Goulden: Sure. Just to finish up on Glenn's point on the market environment. Remember that we did say that our ROIs were a little lower this last point in Q3, as we expected. We targeted lower ROIs obviously that we chose to drive ourselves to continue to lean into the recovery. Also remember, our ROIs were actually, in fact, higher in the first half than they were in 2019. So you have a little bit in that context. Investment levels, we continue to be -- I'd say, we continue to want to invest in the business. But of course, we do recognize some of the backlog factor. We're not going to pull back anything strategic from what we want to do if we have a short-term slowdown. But of course, we are looking at how many people we add and where we are to make sure we are them against the things that really matter most for the business, as you would expect us to do.
David Goulden: Yes. Thanks, Glenn. Yes, in terms of -- just as looking forward, on the timing side, I mentioned the timing is costing us about 1 point of take rate this year. We think we have most of that back next year, maybe not 100% of it. There probably be some timing impact. But again, it's really a function of what the growth rates look like going into and going out of the year, but assume we get most of that back. On the marketing and merchandising side combined, that's where we've been leading in this year to really take advantage of a recovering marketplace. We certainly will be deleveraging on those lines further next year. But we want to see really what the market looks like in terms of how much recovery there is left to get it sort of recovering interact travel recovery. There are a few things that have not yet gone back to where they were before. So we'll look at exactly what the right level of investment is. And if we feel that we continue to gain share, we believe we're gaining this year, we believe we gained share last year. We share gains in outlets we have that we may maintain those levels for a while until we get back to a more normal market growth rate. And we'll give you more thinking on where we are on that spectrum when we get together in February we completed our planning process for the year, and we've got a bit more visibility into next year. And then finally, on your Q1 question, yes, Q1 last year was unusual. Omicron was really having an impact. We'll have to see exactly what happens the different variants that are out there this year. We wanted to give you that stats about 25% more gross bookings on the books. For next year, we had the same half of '19 for the first quarter of 2020 as a way to understand the book is building quite nicely for Q1. Obviously, there's a lot of ground to happen between now and their store represents a relatively small percentage of what we'll do in total in Q1 for revenue, but we think it's a -- it's a positive stat. And if a stat we gave out a couple -- actually for the last two quarters and the number was more like 15% forward growth, not 25% and in both cases, the revenue for the quarter wound up being a fair amount higher than our early indicator as those books built. Now again, don't forget -- I'm talking about the euro number, just to be clear, was 25%.
David Goulden: Yes. On the mix -- on the trade down, Doug, as you mentioned, we're not seeing that in Europe to be perfectly clear because that's where sometimes people are asking the question, but we're not seeing global either. So it's just not factor, but particularly, it's also not a factor in Europe either. On the ADRs that we got some takes into next year, we'll talk in constant currency because it's difficult to know exactly how exchange rates are going to move on us. We're not really -- so the 28 points of constant currency ADR mix we saw in Q3, and we saw continued roughly same level into October was 26 points from rates and only 2 percentage points from mix. So as ADR continues to rebound, we'll lose that 2-point of mix, which is really what's driving right now, the fact that Asia had a lot of mix down it used to be. So that will go away. But obviously, most of what we're seeing is rate driven. And as we talk to our property partners, they continue to be facing the same expense pressure and inflation pressures that made people face you in terms of utility, energy, labor, et cetera. So we'll see how the environment develops and we have no other color on that to give at this point in time. We'll update you again when we get to February, if we see anything differently.
David Goulden: No sense on the note to say that historically, is we've had a heavier weight of mix urban not. So as recovery continues, if people go back to cities and other locations that usually is a positive for us, but no stats on mix. On cross-border, we did tell you that we're back up to 45% of our bookings now in the third quarter. For international, that's down from a little over 50% on a pre-pandemic basis. So there's still some decent recovery left there to we had as things continue to normalize back to where they were.
David Goulden: Yes, Lee, I really try to talk about 2023 margins today. That's really a conversation for next February, but maybe longer term, is a place to have to kind of recap on what we're thinking and save the 2023 commentary for them. So as we said, the -- our strategy here is to build a better product and service for customers and partners. So they'll come back to us more frequently and more directly. And obviously, our direct mix is super important and direct mix is tied heavily to frequency and to people who do more with. People who bought a buy multiple things from us are much more likely to come back to us directly in the through the pay channel. So yes, of course, there are some headwinds to our volume profile because of our business mix changing and is changing from almost the pure accommodation business, having a higher mix of payments, a high mix of flights and those are of course lower margin businesses, we've had that conversation before. But most important thing we can do to kind of keep our margins in a strong position is to continue to drive that mix of direct up, and that will impact all parts of the business. But as we said before, we'll be industry-leading profitability and margins. Because of the mix factors, we do not have a -- we believe that medium term, the margin will be a little bit lower than they were in 2019, but we'll have a faster growing business with more EBITDA, more earnings per share that's growing faster than the top line and bottom line, we think that's the most important thing.
David Goulden: So yes, sure. The 10% room night guide, it's -- it's really a framework what we give you for Q4. There's still a lot of volatility. And obviously, we can't predict exactly what's going to happen to room nights in November and December, given the back were out there. But what we did was say, look, we grew -- we've been growing at 10% increase up to 12%. It's a nice round number to kind of pin our commentary to with Q4 to explain to you what the shape of the P&L might be. It does not indicate that there was a slowdown at the end of October. In fact, room night growth was fairly linear at 12% throughout the entire month of October. So it's more of a framework than it is a hard guy. But of course, we give you a number to kind of think about when building your models, but it's not reflective of anything we're seeing in October, either slowing down or speeding up. It's just a way to think about the shape of the income statement and how things might look in Q4.
