Glenn Fogel: Hi, Kevin. It's Glenn. No, we don't go around trying to at what we think our share is up or down. Obviously, you probably have a very good idea to what you think of our competitors and where they are. I will say what David said is, we are pleased with what we saw in July. What I think what's very, very important that everybody, keep in mind that this is a very volatile recovery and the countries that David went out and listed that we have seen increased outbreaks. That was not a complete list. We'd use up the entire time if we listed every single place that have seen places that are suddenly having increases in COVID. So I would caution, again, just what David said, yes, we were pleased with what we saw in July. But we have to be careful about the future.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. Kevin, we gave you two numbers. We gave you $80 million annualized for the brand apart from Booking.com. And then $250 million to $300 million for the potential savings of Booking.com based upon all the process points that we talked about. So those would directly impact the personnel line. So those we've broken out. We mentioned in some -- many other areas of the business, our expenses are down, but we haven't really work through all the details exactly what those are going to be is we are focused upon our employ our employee-related costs first. But obviously, with less people, there will be less expenses to come with it in other areas. And as we work through those plans as well, we'll make them available. But the biggest change is going to be to personnel cost.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I think, I'll confine myself saying, look, we're always looking for high-quality traffic at the right price. Now when I say, high-quality, they want to convert well, one of the low probability of cancellation, I wanted to come back to us later directly. And that's what we're going to continue to do and we've always done that. And that's no change from our previous way to run our business.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. Okay. So, we have said this in the past and I’ll repeat clearly more so now. We think the U.S. is a great opportunity for us. We think we under index, we've got a great partners. I was just saying, all types of accommodations. And with what we're building with our connected trip, we think we're going to offer an incredible value proposition to consumers. So we are absolutely excited about the long-term future of Liz right now. Yes, people are traveling a little bit more, certainly than they were in April. But we all know what the situation is right now. And what you don't want to be doing is spending a lot of money pushing out a brand message, if people are not hearing -- are not listening to it, because they are not ready to travel or they can't travel. So we want to be careful about that. So I think we're going to have to wait. And so we have a healthier environment, where people -- more people are ready to listen to that message, before we're going to start spending money on it.
Glenn Fogel: So we made very clear in our discussions with our employees, our works council, our employee organizations. And everyone have to have these conversations with. As you know, there are different regulations around the world in terms of potential conversation to have. We made it very clear that the higher wage is going to be on volume-related positions, because our volumes are way down. Those are the ones. And I made it very clear how much I believe in the future of the connected trend, the investments we're making, the things that we believe in the long-term will give us a competitive advantage over everybody. And I would -- I think, I'd be doing the wrong thing, if I was saying, we should stop trying to invest in those areas. I think they're important for the long run. And, yes, this is a terrible time right now. And yes, our financials are being hurt by this. That, to me, does not mean we should stop investing in our future.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. I'll take the first one and I'll let Dave talk about our potential capital return at some point, balance sheet in general. So one thing we've talked about in the past a great deal is, if there was a recession, what's going to happen in terms of the supply relations. Would they be more willing to lean in with us? Would they be more open to conversations? What will they do? And what we've been seeing, and it's pretty much what we thought would happen is that, when demand goes away and supply is looking for demand, they're looking to do it any way they can and they are open to conversation that perhaps they weren't in the past. So our teams are out there talking with on the supply side and whether it be alternative accommodations, properties or in the big hotel tans or anybody who is in our business. Right now, they need demand, and they're looking for can you supply to me. So our teams are coming up with creative in different ways to try and provide something that will help them because we now look, we this number two sided marketplace. We got to do good for both sides. And that's what we're doing right now and I think we're making progress with it. We're having some very good conversations that may not have had in the past. But I think that in the future, we will hopefully have this be a long-term better relationship with some of our partners as we continue to develop ways that we show their win-win for everybody.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So we've said this and we will continue to say how important we believe is direct booking is really where we want to be in the future is provide such great value than our customers, once they learn about this, they come back to us directly. They don't want to think about going somewhere else. And such great value that our customers once they learn about this by, they come back to us directly. They don't want to think about going somewhere else. And through the connected trip and building up all different types of, let's say, lower friction type ways to travel. That it makes it so that we are the first thought always. I'm not sure, David, if you want to give me more color to where we are now. I'll let him do it. But I will say the system is important to us.
Glenn Fogel: It's a country domestic. We do -- we sometime look at our region, Intra regional. But if you're an Italian tourist and you went to France, that's not a domestic travel.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So in terms of profile, I have not looked in any sort of customer segmentation recently in terms of the write-down. So I can't speak specifically in terms of deep debt on the profiles. But I would say that it would not surprise me if I did it now next week, it will show not that different in terms of what it was pre-COVID. People still want to travel, people still sometimes have to travel, and sometimes do it voluntarily, but the shape is -- the change is where they're traveling and how they're traveling. So, for example, because people can, as I mentioned, you can't travel internationally from the U.S. to Europe, let's say, what is happening, those people are traveling domestically. And we've seen that in terms of people very much wanting to travel close to home at first, because they want to be able to drive there, because concerned about getting on a plane. But in terms of the actual different types of customers within it, I don't think I've seen much of anything, except for one thing that I think is very, very critical to talk about, and that is business travel. Now we have always been a much more leisure oriented company. And we all know from the businesses that we work in that business travel has been significantly curtailed or stopped? And what does that do? Well, certain properties, certain supply chain, for example, high-end hints that are no longer able to get that high ADR revenue. And that, of course, is helping in terms of a distributor like us because we have leisure customers to help fill those things. Now how long will this go? This is a long-term trend. I think that this could be helpful to us, and may be helpful to us in the long-term. As the shift from business to leisure continues for a long time, we will be in a better position with our supply partners because we're able to provide them with what they need, which is heads and beds.
Glenn Fogel: Right. So we think attractions is an important part of our connected trip theory and strategy that we've talked about. And the faster we can get different types of attractions up and running and available to our customers the better. However, we do the connection ourselves, where we go out, we partner with somebody or we buy somebody, whatever it is, we want to get that stuff up, so we can provide that value. And [indiscernible] is a great partner. They had proposition. We decide to join up. And we are now live in a certain number of cities, and we are going to continue to build that out. And I believe that this is one of the things that will help really provide value. When somebody is traveling, they use that app that David mentioned, more people use the app. And when you're in a location and you're able, just one touch be able to go to an attraction. I think that's a convenience, and we'll be able that value, a price differential. I think that, again, will give us a competitive advantage, but we're going to have the supply first, of course.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So two separate things. So the first thing about airlines, and I was just talking about the potential long-term change in business travel, which would, of course, impact the financial structures of a lot of airlines that make a lot of their profits when everybody is up in the front of the plane. And if that's not there, that's not going to happen. On the other hand, though, we'll know that places like Ryanair has been extremely successful in Southwest, extremely essential long-term, without having a very high, very expensive first-class or business class product. Overall, I believe that this could be a change in terms of leisure, it does become more important and that generates tilts favorable to us because we are a more leisure-oriented company.  In terms of the hotels, so I said, I don't -- same type of thing with some of our partners who are more dependent on the business traveler. And as they continue to even come back or cover, it's going to -- for some of them, it's going to be a little bit harder because they're not going to get that very high ADR business person and they will be looking for someone like us. And you mentioned that going to a Google direct or hotels are going to do anything that can way to get me. If it's cost-effective, they will do it. Now over the years, we have established something that actually is more cost effective, that is an easier way and for most of the hotels around the world, they cannot get anywhere near our capabilities to bring them demand around the world. They don't operate in the number of languages we do. They don't do the customer service in those languages. They don't have the sophisticated machine learning. They don't have all the things -- I can list so many that we do, and we do it in a fraction of the cost that will cause them to even try to do that. So it's financially advantageous for them to work with us to get that demand. And as the one of the biggest demand platform in the world for travel, there's no hotel in the world discussing, well, I just don't want to do that. No, they're got to do that. And if there is a marginal benefit to go into another channel to well use that too. But I'm not concerned about hotels not coming to us even more so nowadays. 
Glenn Fogel: HI, Mark. So I can't comment much about Expedia or what they're doing. So I'm sure you see more Google puts out in terms of numbers, etcetera. We're pleased with what we're doing. It's the same strategy that we've had. We're looking to high-quality traffic. We're trying to do it. It's harder now for us just in terms of the miles we use in the past obviously are not as valuable now because cancellations are so affected by government changes. And it's a more difficult thing. We're trying to do it the way we've always done it is not is not doing anything foolish, but I really can't talk about Expedia strategy on what they're doing.  In terms of the operating system, so we're not really building an operating system in terms of going out and trying to build a PMs for hotels. That's not our idea. What we want to do is provide a very integrated benefit for the hotels that makes it so they're getting great value out of things that we're doing with them. So for example, you mentioned the issue of building websites for hotels. That's been pulled back significantly. That was -- some of that is not longer being pushed forward. What we are doing though, is working with them as we build out our connected trip. For example, let's go with a ground transportation and working with them perhaps, in a way that they don't have a way for their customers to get there from the hotel. Well, certainly, we have a way with our customers who come to us first to book, but we can also work with them. So, if a customer booked with some other distributor, not forbid, is correct. We can still create something that would enable them to also be part of that to getting that ground transportation and such. So I think that's more the orientation. Now you talk about how much has been pushed back? Yes, of course, things have been pushed back. And I think that you can always work it by the number of months that we have these kinds of situations with demand so far down is the number of months that we've been pushed back. But I did make that point about -- it was asked about the workforce reduction, the stuff. We're not stopping on investing. We're still investing, and we're still pushing forward to create this connected trip, because that will be our competitive advantage down the road.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So, hypothesize why it's not a higher number. I'm not going to try and do that. I'll say that we're pleased with where we are with our direct bookings. We want to continue to increase it. We've seen our app downloads to be increasing nicely. We'd like -- we've seen that and like that. We're going to continue on the steady pace that we're on. Certainly, we could have increased it, perhaps if we were willing to spend a huge amount of money on brand marketing. But I made the point about why that would not be the most efficient use of our money. It would drive up perhaps the direct bookings a little bit, but at an incredible cost. So, we always want to make sure that we're getting the right bang for our buck, so to speak, and we're pleased with what the pace we're going at.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. We've said a couple of things about the alternative accommodation business. As you know, historically, they've had lower operating margins, not because of the take rate difference, but because basically, the reason that you just mentioned. There are typically more touch points, which we've been doing a lot of work to automate. So, we have definitely been working to close that gap and have been closing that gap. And of course, alternative operating, a nice healthy profit margin throughout 2019. So, there are some mix shift differences. There's not a massive gap between the two segments, but there is a difference, mainly again due to touch points, but things we've been working on. So, it's not a trend that we are particularly concerned about. It doesn't, in total, make a big difference to the operating margins.
Glenn Fogel: And there's one thing long-term that we are thinking deeply about is, because this style of accommodation, has seen this increase, but I would imagine many people have not used it before. And they have now found it to be, it's not so bad, I like this. So in the long run, there could be a lot more demand for this, and sort of, let's say, accelerated trend that can go out for a long time. But what that means, though, there would be a change in the supply side in the long-term. And you'll see many, many people in the accommodation business perhaps who previously had not -- or just dipping their toe and creating this type of accommodation, the combination. We'll be putting investment capital into it and it becomes more and more professionalized. And as this becomes more and more professionalized, that will help lower the frictions, lower those costs and I believe what David was just talking about the difference in terms of the operating margin, and which we've already seen close tremendously will close even more so.
Glenn Fogel: So Lee, I'm not try to say -- I don't think it's a step change, I suppose, but it's just an extension of a long-term trend. And when you think about some of the other trends that have been happening that have been accelerated, the idea of vacations where people say, okay, I don't want to go to work on a Friday. I'm going to take me a long weekend around a place or something like that. And there with so many people who have learned that they can work remotely that increase in that, I'll take Friday off and take -- go down to the beach or get something like ultra recommendation or whatever. I see all those trends accelerating and that really helps that combinations. Because if you're going to take a couple of days away from work, where you are working, but you're not at work, you want something more than a double occupancy, hotel property. You may want a separate room that you can do your work from. So all of these things are coming together, so I think it is something that going to -- it's accelerated already. I think it's going to continue for a long time. And we feel pretty good about the fact that we are very well positioned and continue to grow out our alternative combinations. And at the same time, for the people who want that hotel. They want the resort. They want somebody else changing the sheets, we got that too. So I think for me, we're looking good for the future as travel comes back, which we know it will. It always has, it always will and the more we read about some of these vaccines perhaps coming out in the not-so-distant future, we're pretty positive about the long term.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So I want to just give you some concluding remarks. And I just have to absolutely thank all of our employees again, they have been working so hard since the beginning of this crisis, helping our partners, helping our customers in these incredibly difficult times, doing it from home. The near-term may be volatile. It's going to be volatile. As I just said, I am so confident, though, about the long-term value proposition that we're putting together. And I'm actually focused on the steps we're taking today to make sure we have a better company tomorrow. Please be safe and good night.
David Goulden: So Chris, one of the things I think -- and let me go to the Q2, that 40% number that I gave in my opening remarks, and as we said, that is an increase. It's a big number compared to what we had seen in the past. And it's something that we're pleased. But of course, we all, I think, have a good sense of what's going on. And that is a change in demand because people's concern about being in a large group and a hotel lobby. I think the thing that we really have to think about is what do we think about in the future. Is this a momentary thing? Or is this something that's going to continue long-term or not? And I'll say one thing that we talked about in the past is how we want to continue. We say, this in one for COVID that we want to continue to build our alternative accommodations. Now we thought it was an important thing for us to continue to build out all the types of alternate combinations, and we recognize that we are probably short in certain types, particularly the single property, home type property, and we want to continue to build that. And we also talked that. And we also talked about -- we thought that we were perhaps under-indexing in terms of awareness in certain geographies like the U.S., for example, and we want to continue to improve upon that. So we're going to do that. And we certainly are going to use every single marketing channel we can to get that information out to consumers that we have a great product, and that is something that they can look to us to get a great deal. And that's something that I think is important. I am very pleased, of course, with the numbers we saw, but I also like the fact that we are perhaps the unique in the terms of all the types of combinations we are able to provide all throughout the world. And that's given us, I think, a great opportunity going forward. 
David Goulden: Yes. And Eric, on the buyback side, just to elaborate a little bit upon what I said. So, I said, we certainly would not initiate and so we have better visibility into the shape and timing of a recovery. So, what do we mean by that? We mean having best certainty as to what the future looks like. And when it's going to happen and what the shape of the recovery is going to look like. Nobody is predicting a V-shaped recovery now. I think that's not what people are looking at, but we're looking at some period of uncertainty right now. Until we figure out more about what's happening with vaccine and how that would impact people's comfort. And then, of course, is the economic impact of the COVID prices and what that does to people's ability to travel and spend money, so all these things go into it. So, there's not a single milestone to look for. But if you ask me to characterize the environment, which we will consider, reinitiating capital returns, it would be an environment where we have much more visibility and confidence into the shape of the future.
David Goulden: I think, Glenn, as we said, we continue to be over 50% direct. But I think there are some important things that are driving that, which are good indicators. And we mentioned them briefly a little bit on the last call as well. I mentioned in my remarks earlier that we continue to see the app being an important contribution because that is really our stickiest kind of touch point with our customers because that is not only a place you go to book travel, but increasingly, it's way interact with us during the travel experience, which is very important as well. And we also see, as we mentioned last quarter, we also see things like an increasing percentage mix from our Genius customers as well, this quarter as well. So these are positive things correlate long-term to a higher mix of direct bookings and just this ability to create, as Glenn has said a few times, the connected chip, where you're not just booking with us and then going on the trip, but you're really booking multi verticals. You're interacting with us during the trip, we're providing things like dynamic customer support, et cetera, a very different environment in the future, which is obviously powered by big data, machine learning, AI, et cetera. So, we think these are important signs that we're moving in the right direction.
David Goulden: No, no, we took -- well, in terms of -- well, no, there's still going to be an ADR pressure on that. So what we said was we're down 35 in July in room nights on a newly booked basis, down 45 on a reported basis, the cancellation rates running a little higher than they were last year. And then a few points more than that down in terms of gross bookings and revenue.
David Goulden: Yes. And on the cost side of things. So yes, we said the majority of the personnel reductions will be in volume-related functions. Obviously, that will -- those will, over time, come back. We look to continue to drive efficiency in many of those areas through our business, over time through automation and other areas. So they don't necessarily have to come back for job as volume return, they will come back. And in terms of our expectation for the longer-term when we get to pre-COVID levels, which as we said, is not about quarters but is about years. We expect the business to have a very attractive margins when demand fully recovers. All things being equal, we expect to have industry-leading margins in the long-term. Obviously, the business in the future will look a little different than it did pre-COVID. For example, we're building out new products like air which will be dilutive to margin rate, but will also be important to our business and our strategy in the connected trip and selling more accommodations. So there'll be puts and takes, but we expect to have industry-leading margins in the longer term.
David Goulden: I'd just add that when things are down on the level they are right now, I mean, we're talking when things are down over 80%. I mean, we're talking about mixed numbers now on a much reduced volume basis. So I think we're going to have to wait and see how it plays out. We're so confident that we're moving in the right direction. And as Glenn said, there are many puts and takes when things are moving as rapidly as they are with volume levels as they are.
David Goulden: And as Glenn said, we're uniquely positioned. So, as demand fluctuates, because we believe that this push towards alternative is certainly happening when people are feeling less safe about travel, when people feel more safe about travel, potentially, things might normalize. And then we're in a great position to continue to work on all aspects of the accommodation marketplace.
David Goulden: Yes, let me answer the room night growth question trend question firstly. So what we saw in July and Europe was continued improvements. So we saw continued improvement in June and into July in aggregate. As I mentioned, we called out a couple of countries where we are seeing things towards end of July slowdown or go down a little bit. But in aggregate, July was up for newly room nights compared to June in Europe. Whereas in the U.S., the biggest improvement was in June and then things actually basically flattened out in July in the U.S. So Europe where things were still improving in the U.S., they flattened out with June and July being about the same.
