Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you very much. Welcome to Priceline's Third Quarter Conference Call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the third quarter of approximately $6.3 billion, up 56% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $513 million, or $9.95 per share, up 88% versus prior year. Third quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $9.30 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $40.6 million for the quarter, up 47% year-over-year. Growth rates for our international businesses surpassed our guidance with 61% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis. Growth rates benefited generally from growth in new markets from Booking.com, continued high absolute growth rates for Agoda and TravelJigsaw and increased hotel ADRs. International hotel gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply, with Booking.com hotels and other accommodations up 62% year-over-year to 170,000. Booking.com continues to build inventory and sales in high-growth markets, delivering growth in reservations to new destinations and growing demand in those destinations for hotels around the world. As one indicator of its progress, Booking.com has opened 20 local supply offices during the last 12 months. Priceline's domestic gross bookings growth held steady at 13% in the third quarter, due primarily to growth in retail hotel room night gross bookings, aided by improved ADRs, growth in airline ticket sales with higher airfares and growth in rental car reservations. Growth in opaque air tickets again helped the domestic top and bottom line, as airlines used the opaque channel as a revenue management tool while they increased fares. Merchant gross bookings growth of 36% is primarily driven by growth from Agoda and TravelJigsaw, which now represent a significant share of merchant bookings. Most of the sequential decline in merchant growth is attributable to passing the anniversary of the TravelJigsaw acquisition. Agoda reported another quarter of strong year-over-year growth in gross bookings, contributing to the overall international and merchant growth we are reporting. Flooding in Thailand is having an impact on travel to that important regional destination. The Agoda and Booking teams are doing a great job serving customers needing to cancel and booking vacations to unaffected destinations. Agoda is also doing a nice job building business to destinations outside of Asia Pacific, but the majority of its business is for trips within the region. TravelJigsaw delivered better-than-anticipated growth in rental car unit sales in the quarter through solid execution in acquiring stock for the high season. The team also continues to work on improvements that will drive business next year and beyond. In summary, the growth in the group's international hotel business exceeded our forecast in the third quarter, and we are pleased with the progress of our brands in building their businesses and gaining share on the competition. We are also pleased with the solid momentum displayed by our third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook, especially given the sheer size of the business and the uncertain macroeconomic environment in which we are operating. I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And with respect to capital allocation, our approach hasn't changed. We look at buybacks, acquisitions in the same way that we have in the past. We're opportunistic. We have an approval from our board that's roughly $450 million that remains in place. We purchased this year as part of our compensation programs $160 million worth of common stock. And we remain open to opportunistic transactions on both fronts going forward.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. With respect to the first question, we have not given a lot of regional detail about hotels. Of that 170,000, the -- a substantial number is in the United States, both for priceline.com's U.S. business as well as for Booking.com's International business although Booking.com still has ways to go before having, for example, the same number of hotels participating as priceline.com has participating in the United States. There's no good published research for where this number could go. We've seen very significant growth in this number over the past couple of years, which we have reported to you. I think it would be reasonable to expect the growth rate of hotel additions to go down over time. But there's still a lot of opportunity out there. There's a lot of destinations that we're fairly new in. There's a lot of countries where we may have done a good job of developing inventory in the major cities but haven't really gotten out into the smaller villages and towns yet. We have, not only on Booking.com, we have not only hotels, but we also have vacation rentals and bed and breakfast and other types of accommodation, which really opens up development to a much larger number of properties, but those properties would tend to have fewer rooms in them than the larger hotels in the big cities. So those are some of the things to think about when you're looking at that number, and it's also one of the reasons why we really can't give a hard number that this is how many hotels there are in the world, and we'll be satisfied when we have all of them. With respect to mergers and acquisitions, we’ve typically said that we're interested in companies that provide us with new products, new geography, new distribution, in other words, a good brand that has its own customer base that is attractive to us. And those 3 things are still what interest us most as we're looking around at what might be available from an M&A perspective.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, Mark, maybe I'll take the first one, and then let Dan have the second one. Google has launched a products providing vertical search results for both air and hotel. The air is based on the IPA search engine, and the hotel is principally based on content that Google receives, mostly from intermediaries, online travel agents and to a lesser extent, directly from the hotels themselves. Looking at how Google has approached the test of these products, it's clear that they would like to have these platforms operate as efficient vehicle for advertisers to get qualified leads because a customer will have seen more information on Google by the time they click on to an advertising link. And if you look at the hotel product, the online travel agents are very prominently featured in the display. With respect to the flight search, that's not the case. And I believe, although I don't know firsthand, that that's principally because limitations that have been placed on Google by the airlines. However, Google has said, and it appears that they're trying to find opportunities for online travel agents to advertise on the air platform as well. Our approach, as an advertiser on Google, is to try to understand their products the best we can and participate in them as effectively as we can, and that's how we've approached the hotel product in particular. A lot of people are concerned about Google's market power, and whether there could be anything anti-competitive coming out of this and a number of other companies, not including ours by the way, raised comments and criticism of the ITA transaction as part of the anti-trust approval of that transaction. But the transaction was approved. The products out on the marketplace, and I think it's incumbent upon our industry to try to find the best ways that we can integrate with the product and to advertise on it, and try to get the well-qualified customers that I think Google is trying to drive towards us.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So the flooding has impacted a lot of Thailand as a percentage of the whole country, and a lot of it is industrial based. A number of major industrial parks have been flooded, and people who have been looking at the news have seen primary concern about supply chain for the automotive and tech industries since so much of the manufacturing of components happens in Thailand. The concern was, as the floodwaters move from north to south that they would encroach on Bangkok. And in fact, they have encroached on sections of the city to the north, and it's created a lot of very serious dislocation, human dislocation, people having to move out of their homes and so forth. And there's still a worry that floodwaters might get to the center business district of the city, which would create additional problems. And furthermore, the main international airport in Bangkok remains open. The secondary airport was taken out by floods. If something happened to make the main international airport unavailable, that obviously would pose problems for travel. Even though Thailand is an important tourist destination, a leisure destination for the business of both Agoda and Booking.com in the region, just because of the size and the balance of all the other businesses, the impact to date has not been material to our consolidated results. If that were to worsen, I think it'd be difficult to foresee that being material to our business as a whole, but it certainly could be problematic for our Asian business.
Jeffery H. Boyd: No, we're not going to update those gross numbers at this point in time. As Dan mentioned, the businesses in the newer markets are growing faster than the consolidated international bookings that we’re reporting so you can use that as a rough guideline to try to size the business. The business in South America as a destination is still relatively new. It's a very attractive destination for us because there's a lot of international travel between South America and Europe on the one hand, and the United States on the other. And so, the network that we have allows us to basically build the business more quickly because we have demand for the destination coming out of the gate, and we also have a lot of hotels that are very attractive for South American people to book in Europe and in the United States. It's not as big a market in terms of the current potential as Asia, which has just a bigger base of population and a much bigger and more diverse economic base, but it's still a very attractive market.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And with respect to agency versus merchant in Asia, as I think most of you guys know, we were operating in Asia with both Agoda, which is merchant model and Booking.com, which is agency model. And both brands are meeting with significant success in the market. In most places, consumers and hotels are happy to operate with either model. There may be a few places where there's an advantage to merchant just because of the logistics of trying to get paid from the hotels. But that, at least in our present view, really represents a fairly small part of the market, and the market that we're addressing today seems to operate very well with both the agency and the merchant model.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, so with respect to the supply offices, I can't tell you how many employees are in those 20 new offices, but I think the new employees, and you can check this on the 10-Q, because I think it's in the Q, it's 1,500 so far this year, thereabouts. With respect to the Marriott deal, priceline.com has been doing business with Marriott here in the United States and around the world for U.S. customers for a very long time and had Marriott inventory on our site and that's been available to any of our other brands who would choose to use it. The recent announcement that Marriott made was a deal signed with Booking.com, which has been in place for some months now, and Booking.com has had a significant number of Marriott hotels signed up, not all of them, but a significant number signed up and included in that hotel number that we announced today. The chain hotels are a very important part of the market place here in the United States. And their growth overseas is making them a growing part of those markets especially in the major cities and Booking.com is -- and has been doing business with most of the international chains for some time now.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, with respect to airline capacity, it's down year-over-year, and the airlines have announced their intention to make further reductions in capacity going towards the end of the year on the order of about 5%. There's been a lot consolidation among the major airlines here in the United States. And one of the consequences of that consolidation is removal of redundant routes and retirement of aircraft and so forth, and I think that's part of it and it's also part and parcel of the airlines' need to keep their fares up, so they have appropriate operating margins. I think most people in the business believe that high airfares and reductions in capacity do have an impact on leisure travel, in particular. And that may generate substitution, although I don't have any data on that. If you look at our business in the United States, it’s been growing at a little bit more than 10% here throughout the course of the year. Certainly, that's higher than the travel space in general. And I think the reason that we're able to do that is because we add new products and improve the website, and launch effective marketing campaigns and are able to drive a little business. But there's no question that higher airfares and less capacity will be a factor for leisure travel demand going forward. With respect to the car rental business, we had, I think, good availability of inventory for all of our businesses around the world in the third quarter. We didn't have a situation where fleet was overly tight and we couldn't get opaque inventory. And we certainly were able to generate enough inventory for significant bookings growth at TravelJigsaw that we mentioned. And I don't have any update for that, that there's been some significant change in fleet availability beyond what we reported for the third quarter.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So Scott, without getting into a great deal of detail on what our economics are with the hotels and with the chains, I think suffice it to say that we still believe that the take rate at Booking.com is attractive compared to what's available with our competition. There's definitely -- continues to be pressure by -- especially by the big international chains to drive pricing down in certain markets, not in all markets. And we and others have programs that allow chains to be a little bit more aggressive in trying to drive their performance on the website by paying us a little bit more, and large hotels do participate in those programs. I think that the pressure on distribution costs increased as economic times got better and as occupancy rates improved. And I think that the pressure is still there, but I think you're also, as we're in a time where people are a little bit more uncertain about the economy, having the broadest possible distribution in the -- also is very, very important to all the players.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I guess we be fairly reserved in terms of how much regional detail that we give on margin structure. So I think some of the markets that can be a little bit more challenging in Asia in particular where places where -- in parts of Asia or places where there's an incumbent that operates at fairly low margins increases the pressure. So I guess I would feel comfortable saying that our gross margins are not created equal in every single country in which we do business for those reasons. But I don't think I want to go any further than that. With respect to the Booking.com strategy in the United States, the international traveler is a very important part of that strategy. The U.S. traveler, who is finding Booking.com inventory on priceline.com is an important part of that strategy and demand that Booking.com can offer to its hotels. Booking.com advertises in the United States. It advertises in English-language Google. So anybody who does a search on Google could see it there, and as a result, get some U.S. customers coming directly to the Booking.com brand as well.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So in terms of how it's going, we think it's going well. The integration with priceline.com has been successful, successful to the extent that our customers are booking those hotels, and it seems to be helping drive good results for the U.S. retail hotel business. Booking.com principally, and really exclusively advertises online and gets significant brand building by reaching customers online and having them come and experience the website. And that's been a very, very successful approach for Booking.com and to the extent that money is being spent on advertising and that's reaching U.S. customers. It's in the online channels.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Based on our results to date, it certainly appears that the agency model is a very attractive and successful model for business in that region. We're certainly not seeing anything in the numbers that are pointing to a problem. I'm not sure how much demand there is for installment purchase of vacation travel, and I'm not sure that there really is a lot of product that's available to consumers today to do that. Our brands have both agency and merchant model. If that became an important line of business in the region. We would have a way to serve that demand, but it certainly doesn't seem to be creating a barrier to building a good business there with good growth rates over the last couple of years.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So we have said repeatedly that we're not interested in trying to build a single technology platform for our brands around the world. It's expensive, it's very complex, and we have great development philosophy on the individual platforms that we operate. And we don't want to put that velocity at risk by creating a centralized element to it. And furthermore, we've been able to find less expensive and seamless ways of sharing inventory and customers without using a common platform, and that's something that we've done for years now between Booking.com, Priceline and Agoda. And we're comfortable with the level of integration that we can achieve operating on separate platforms. As you can see by some of the numbers that Dan gave today and what we reported that our CapEx in the third quarter is a little bit higher than it has been historically. I think that represents a need to continue to invest in the business, principally in technology but also in facilities to take account of the fact that we’ve got a rapidly growing business and a rapidly growing organization. So I think you'll see us make those investments where we believe necessary to make sure that we're -- we've got the technology we need, that we got the performance we need on the website and that we can accommodate high levels of growth on such a big business. But it won't -- I don't foresee us spending massive amounts of money on some integrated project. It's just not something that I think we would do.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Okay. In terms of market performance, Tom, we saw strong performance across all of our markets. So the newer markets, being North America for Booking.com, Asia Pacific and South America are still growing at faster rates than our overall consolidated growth rate, but the core markets, Western Europe, Southern Europe continue to post very strong growth for us, and are still a big enough percentage of the total business. But if they were impacted dramatically, you'd notice that in our reported results. In terms of the online advertising, we did have an improvement as a percentage of gross profit versus the prior year. That's principally due to the investments that we made the last couple of quarters. So we were telling you that one of the reasons that the online advertising as a percentage of gross bookings is higher is that our gross bookings were growing at a faster rate, and that those gross bookings would turn into checkouts and revenue, particularly in Q3, which is the seasonal peak for travel for Booking.com. And we saw that happen in Q3. So our gross profit grew at a faster rate than our gross bookings where we had some deceleration, so you see a favorable relationship there. Fundamental advertising efficiency was good, and that was partly offset by the mix impact of our international business growing faster than our U.S. business. Internationally, we spend a higher percentage for online advertising than in the U.S. where it's more repeat customers, and we also have our offline advertising program.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Okay, Ross, on Europe, what we said was we haven't seen any pronounced impact from macro conditions in our reported results for Q3 or in our forecast for Q4. We have seen some volatility in transactional growth rates from week to week and month to month. But overall, it's still blended out to results that we're happy with. We've also seen some volatility in cancellation rates for the Booking.com business. Those are reflected in the gross booking numbers that we report to you, so those are net of cancellations. But we have seen periods where the cancel rate has been proportionately higher than it has been in other periods. And so, we try and discern is that's an impact on the consumer, but there's been nothing there that we've seen that really indicates that there's been a significant impact with the macroeconomic trends.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And in terms of the local currency growth rate, will range for Q3 was 49 to 54% and it's the same range for Q4. For Q3, that represented significant deceleration in growth versus what we saw in Q2, and that's the comp issue that I talked about in my prepared remarks. For Q4, it represents a much more modest level of deceleration. And so we're pleased with that, that's based upon what we've seen to date and then assuming some deceleration as we proceed through quarter, as that's our general bent on the business that given the sheer size, we're generally going to decelerate. But overall, the deceleration assumed in that guidance is fairly modest, much more modest compared to what we had in Q3.
Daniel J. Finnegan: The first question, Justin, in a quarter like Q4, where the growth rate for gross bookings is similar to the gross profit growth rate, you will likely to see the mix impact that you've seen in prior quarters, also come in to play and drive some deleverage on that line. Fundamental efficiency for our advertising has been good, but with the international brands growing at a faster rate, it's likely we'd have some deleverage on the online advertising line. And then generally, we look to have leverage on the other lines that don't grow to the same extent as our gross profit, and our forecast is that we would be able to maintain stable leverage for the quarter overall.
