Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you and welcome to Priceline’s second quarter conference call. I’m here with Priceline’s CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. The Priceline Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the second quarter of approximately $10.1 billion, up 38% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $508 million or $9.70 per share, up 24% versus prior year. Second quarter results surpassed FactSet consensus estimates of $9.38 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $69.4 million for the quarter, up 38% year-over-year. Our international business recorded 44% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis, roughly consistent with Q1’s growth rate. Growth rates benefitted from good results in Europe and continued high growth rates in Asia-Pacific and the Americas. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply and strong results at rentalcars.com. Booking.com’s platform now has over 330,000 hotels and other accommodations, up 40% over last year. Booking.com’s growth in Europe has held up well this year, despite continuing economic and political uncertainty. We believe the steady international room night growth we have posted this year is driving market share gains. Booking.com continued its aggressive development of markets outside Europe. These markets continue to grow faster than the core European markets, contributing to more overall growth as they become a larger percentage of the whole business. We are investing in growing hotel and accommodation supply and in marketing, including Booking.com’s offline marketing experiment in United States, which we believe is contributing to the room night growth Booking.com is seeing in the U.S. Agoda delivered good room night growth in the quarter and continues to build its business as a leading site for Asia Pacific bookers. With Agoda and Booking.com, whose Asia Pacific business does particularly well within international bookers, we believe the group is strengthening its position in this part of the world with attractive prospects as the region grows. Priceline’s domestic gross bookings grew 12% in the second quarter showing continued improvement aided by growth in domestic rental car reservations as well as improved hotel room night gross bookings, with Express Deals becoming a larger part of the APAC hotel business. Priceline.com has done a good job building Express Deals for customers who want Priceline savings without the bidding and the response to some new ads we are running featuring William Shatner and Kaley Cuoco seems positive. Merchant gross bookings growth of 30% continues to reflect growth at Agoda and rentalcars.com. Growth in rental car days increased sequentially from 43% to 46% driven by a strong growth at rentalcars.com and continuing improved results at priceline.com. Rentalcars.com continued to perform well as it builds out its international footprint. We closed the KAYAK transaction on May 21 and Dan will discuss the impact of including their financial results for the stub period. KAYAK is being run independently and we are encouraged as we start to look at opportunities to promote KAYAK’s growth. The group’s business performance exceeded expectations in the quarter and operating margins, while down, came in within the range of our forecast. Advertising efficiency continues to be an important variable, which is difficult to forecast with precision. Efficiencies are impacted not only by changing business mix and competitive and seasonal factors, but by substantial ongoing changes to our most important distribution channels, including the growth in mobile and changing interfaces at our largest partners. Based on what we see in the marketplace, I believe our online and offline teams are executing well in a challenging environment. I want to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So with respect to the first channel, whenever you have changing interfaces in important advertising channels, represents both the risk gained and opportunity. We have done particularly well in the legacy environment. And so I think we have risk when the interfaces change, but I think our teams have done a good job in executing against those changes and trying to build the processes and the understanding to do well in those marketplaces as they change. But the fundamental asset that we have is a great website that converts customers very well and that is an asset that has high value in all of these interfaces, whether it’s meta-search or pop-ups, we tend to do well once we get a visit into the website and that continues to be very important part of how we try to improve our product and help build share in these markets. So we look at it both as a risk and as an opportunity. And I think it’s a given in our space that these markets will continue to change. The media model businesses will continue to try to optimize for their customer flows and for revenue and all of us just have to be prepared to deal with those changes. With respect to mobile, I think, the teams have also done a very good job of building terrific mobile websites. Building functionality in our regular websites did work well in a tablet environment and building mobile apps. If you look at the number of downloads that we as a group, it’s in the tens of millions, and I think we’re doing good job in building apps that consumer want to download. And our focus is really to try to build downloads that consumers will actually use those apps to buy products because they tend to be quiet loyal, and I think we are doing well there based on the disclosures that have come out from competitors in the space. We are comfortable that we are tracking nicely in terms of mobile share.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So I assume you are asking about the Booking.com campaign here in the United States, because keep in mind, now we have three brands that are advertising…Naved A. Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Correct.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think the best update we have is the guidance that Dan gave you for overall pressure on operating margins, which is going from 410 basis points in the second quarter to our guidance for approximately 250 basis points in the third quarter. The components of that pressure, while lower than in the second quarter, continue to be pressure on ROIs. And as I’ve said in previous calls, we first and foremost want to make sure that we are adequately investing in distribution and building the franchise, and while we haven’t changed the fundamental way that we do that or the disciplines that we apply to that process, we want to make sure that we are adequately supporting the business and so whether it’s offline or online, if we think there is an attractive opportunity to spend money to build the business, we’ll do so.Naved A. Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Sure. So with respect to the macro, I think what I said in my prepared remarks really is a good summary of how we look at it. We still view it as a challenging environment from an economic standpoint, because there is continuing economic and political uncertainty. Having said that, the market has been relatively stable, when I say relatively, relative to six months ago into parts of last year where we are having civil unrest in Greece and a lot more headline activity around the economy and the potential for sovereign defaults that those headlines have abated in recent months. And so as both I mentioned we were relatively pleased with sort of the growth rates that we saw in Europe and we are not calling out any particular market or region as being particularly problematic compared to others. With respect to the third quarter basically what we’ve said in the guidance is that we guided to what we think are attractive growth rates, they represented deceleration from what we reported in 2Q and we said that that deceleration is something that we would witness so far in the quarter. And I don’t think we go beyond that in terms of characterizing the sort of month-to-month kind of results.Ron Victor Josey – JMP Securities LLC: Great, makes sense. Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: It’s just declaration in the business. We think it was a great quarter in Q2 and we think the guidance for Q3 is strong, top end of that range would be very similar to the growth that was delivered in Q2. So really nothing in particular there Mike, they were crawling out, but just the expectation for some declaration.Mike J. Olson – Piper Jaffray, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think that we will try to be consistent and sustainable. Those are the two things that we would try to focus on. We’re an opportunistic company. So if there’s an opportunity to build business with these inefficiencies, we’ll take it. But we want to make sure that we have a disciplined approach that we apply across channels and that we can stick with as the channels change and we want it to be sustainable. It’s just like offline advertising. You’re not going to accomplish anything if you spend a tremendous amount of money in a given year, but then you can’t spend that money in a future year. And by the way, there has been some variability in the television spend of our competition, as they are trying to work their way through that. That variability doesn’t seem to serve a brand well. You want to have an advertising program that is sustainable overtime. So that whatever benefits you get from building your brand in the consumers’ mind, you can continue to reinforce and maintain.Heath P. Terry – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, Jeff. I really appreciate it.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So with respect to KAYAK’s revenue, I probably not going to say much more than what’s been reported publicly in the separate financials and the disclosures that Dan gave you because inter-company advertising with KAYAK is eliminated. You really can’t get a good impression of the revenue trajectory just by looking at the stub revenue we reported and because we are continuing to evaluate how our brands work with KAYAK, and I think it’s fair to say, traditionally that Priceline Group brands were under represented in KAYAK’s products, that we didn’t sort of fight through our weight in their various marketplaces and now that we’re one company, of course, we want to make sure that we have a reasonable share of KAYAK’s business given the size of our brands and that will benefit both our brands and KAYAK. I think that’s sort of how as far as we really want to go on that.Douglas T. Anmuth – JPMorgan Securities, LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think with respect to long-term margins, I don’t have any particular guidance for you. I can give you an historical perspective, which might be helpful for you coming to your own conclusions about where you think it’s going to go. For many years, we were very fortunate to be able to hold or even improve margins as the business grew at very high rates and we felt that at that point in time, we are investing adequately in the business and we were building very substantial share gains in the course of those years and at that time, we said it was our goal to deliver growing business and to essentially maintain our margins. We haven’t been saying that for the last couple of years and I think that reflects the statement that I’ve been making now for many quarters that to the degree that we think it’s necessary to invest in people or in marketing or technology, to basically capitalize on the global growth opportunity that we have, we are willing to do so. And we will tip the balance between trying to improve operating margins versus growing the franchises where the opportunities are so attractive and important. We’re going to tip the balance in favor of growing and I think that’s particularly the right strategy for our Group, given the fact that our absolute margins are so much higher than our nearest competitor. We’ve got the resources to do it, and shame on us, if we didn’t capitalize on that asset and use it to our greatest advantage. I’ve also said that we don’t foresee a situation where we’re forced to completely capitulate on margins, and not be able to deliver earnings growth as we invest in the business. I think the model is still robust enough to do that, and in fact, we are doing it. So I don’t foresee the time when we’re in a position of an Amazon, where the things that they are working on are so big and costly and obviously, have such massive potential, that they are prepared for a period of time to, in effect, reinvest all of their earnings growth in those new opportunities. I don’t see us sustaining in that position, at least not in the foreseeable future.Tom Cauthorn White – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. Thank you, Mark. So with respect to rentalcars.com, their business model is to build out a global platform for rental cars, much the way that Booking.com has done for hotels and it’s a very similar approach, one product simple website focused on conversation, and with significant investment in online marketing to support building the customer base. The unit economics for the rental car business flow, probably not as attractive to a degree as hotels might be, are certainly attractive, especially in the international markets to support that strategy, and you’ve seen the unit growth of that we’ve been reporting for rental cars groupline rentalcars.com is a big part of it, and doing very, very well. Cross-sell has been a piece of that. rentalcars.com is an option post-transaction for Booking.com customers. It also provides some support for the U.S. customers at priceline.com. And over time, it will advertise and be available on KAYAK. and so we’ll promote cross-sell where we can, Agoda as well. Keep in mind that because our biggest business is hotel, the cross-sell opportunity, while a valuable and good opportunity, is not huge, because the cross-sell from hotel to rental car is not as material as it is, for example, the cross-sell from an airline ticket here in the United States to rental car, but an opportunity that we value and that we’re pursuing. With respect to Booking.com, when does it not become an experiment, I think, that the cultural of Booking.com is that everything is an experiment permanently and that you’re always evaluating what the return on investment is, and all of the quantitative aspects of the spend and the impact on traffic and conversion on the website. Having said that, Booking.com is going to have a decision to make as early as the end of this year, as to whether they continue the campaign next year and that decision hasn’t been made yet, but as I said, previously in my prepared remarks, we think the ads are contributing to the growth that Booking.com is seeing here in the United States and we’re happy with the results so far.Mark S. Mahaney – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot, Jeff.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So Michael, maybe, I’ll try the first couple, and then Dan can address the cost of revenue question. So I think that the first question you are referring to Expedia’s Traveler Preference program, which is the program where they offer consumers the ability to book agency or merchant with the same hotel, depending on what the traveler, whether they prefer to pay upfront or pay at the hotel. Expedia has been rolling that out. I think it’s benefited their results. and so that’s something that seems to be the case according to the disclosures that they have made. It’s hard to tell whether that has had an impact on our businesses, as you’ve seen the results that we’ve reported they’ve been fairly consistent. and I think we’re still in a position where we’re gaining share, despite the launch of that program, Expedia’s got a lot of more hotels to put in it. We have a similar program here at Priceline.com in the United States where you can book both merchant and agency for the same hotel, depending on Traveler Preference and we’ve been doing that for a couple of years now. and we think it’s a good feature. But I don’t think that feature by itself has really changed Priceline’s position in the U.S. marketplace. :
Jeffery H. Boyd: We’re not going to disclose the specific inter-company unit transaction trends between our group brands and KAYAK.
Jeffery H. Boyd: As we mentioned previously, Asia is a very attractive market for Booking.com and Agoda. I think we are fortunate to have two very strong brands that have emphasis in different parts of the market with Agoda serving; a vast majority of its customers are APAC travelers traveling in the APAC region, whereas Booking.com has a lot more international travelers coming in to the region from outside. We are very pleased with the trajectory for both of those businesses. We haven’t given color on unit growth rates for Agoda for a long, long time. What we have said with respect to those markets though as that they generally are growing faster for the group than our core markets and that continues to be the case. So we are comfortable and encouraged by what we are seeing there for both Agoda and for Booking.com.Scott H. Kessler – Standard & Poor’s Investment Advisory Services LLC: Thanks a lot.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. Well, I’ll handle the first one Justin, and Dan, you can handle the question on KAYAK. If you look at the growth that Booking.com has been able to maintain for several quarters now, improving its inventory of hotel and accommodation supplies by 40% year-over-year in the second quarter. It shows that we are still able to add significant properties to the platform. I’ve said before and I’ll repeat that there is a diminishing return that those properties tend to be smaller, have less rooms, and potentially not as wide appeal is some of the properties that are already on the program, but there is still a lot of room to add supply. And by definition the supply we are adding is our accommodations and hotels where we have zero penetration, and so there is real opportunity to build our penetration in those properties. There have been things published and we published a year or two ago a number from Eurostat trying to get arms around what the market opportunity is and suffice it to say that we are not going to be in the business of doing that just because it’s so hard to get data on how many hotels there are and how many nights you have stayed in those hotels on a global basis. But we certainly believe that there is a substantial opportunity for all of our brands to continue to grow their business. : So it’s just a lot of, at least in our opinion a lot of opportunity out there for us to continue to build the business. And the new market strategy where we continue to invest in these new markets and try to build them aggressively, so they get to deal a larger size and they haven’t made more of a difference on total gross bookings, as continued to serve us well and we’ll be focused there also.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I just definitely can help to a degree that our brands are more effective in advertising on KAYAK that will generate bookings and gross profit for those brands and market share for those brands, so it absolutely can help. And KAYAK is a big player here in the United States, and so for the U.S. business, the referrals from KAYAK definitely matter. And hopefully, there will be a very big business in Europe and globally over time and that will matter too. And in the future right now, it’s relatively smaller in the international markets.Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So with respect to KAYAK, I think their content today is excellent and their business continues to perform well in the United States and outside the United States. You can expect them to continue to optimize experiment, add content over time, but that will be based on their view of the business as they develop it, and it’s certainly a benefit to KAYAK to have potentially accessed to the substantial content that our other brands have to offer, but remains to be seen, how or if that would be applied. With respect to conversion, I don’t think, I wouldn’t want to speculate as to what would happen to website conversion overtime in markets. We have experienced improving brand recognition and business results as Booking.com and Agoda have expanded their businesses organically, same thing with rentalcars.com. So it would not be unusual to enter into a new market with a relatively unknown brand and have to invest significantly in marketing to build up the brand recognition to get you to a point of where your efficiency starts to get where you need them to be for a sustainable steady state business development. But I wouldn’t go beyond that in terms of trying to predict what’s going to happen in the marketplace from here on in.Brian T. Nowak – Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay, thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think the only color I could give you there is that we spend money in online channels to build our brand and to bring in customers that we have a chance of making loyal customers that will come back to us directly, and not all – not all platforms work alike as you look at those, but as you look at that ultimate objective that we have in bringing customers into website. So as a, for instance, a white label relationship where nobody sees your brand as relatively less value than an integrated relationship where people are seeing your brand on another website and then actually coming to your website and experiencing your selection, your user interface, and ultimately your customer service. So those factors or things that we absolutely look at, I wouldn’t say there has been a sea change in how we look at those factors. We evaluate each advertising channel on its own merits and that's been part of our discipline for a long time.Eric J. Sheridan – UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think as we said when we made the acquisition there is an opportunity to try to help KAYAK build its business around the world more quickly, more aggressively than it was able to do as a separate company. We have resources and assets in terms of operating businesses in a lot of these markets where we can be helpful in getting KAYAK up and running. And there is a lot of information that we can share on things that worked in markets for our brands, and obviously we can provide content for KAYAK’s customers. So that’s somethings where we think we can be helpful and we intend to work to hopefully create a successful global expansion for KAYAK. Aaron Kessler – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So we’ve had the partnership with Ctrip for the past year, and we’re happy with the results to-date. Our approach in China remains pretty consistent, which is continuing to add hotels in China to our extranet for Booking.com and for Agoda.com. We’ve had good success with inbound travel into China and we’ve also had good success with Chinese travelers traveling within APAC and outside of the region. And so we hope that overtime, we can continue to build our supply there, and build our brand recognition with Chinese travelers and participate to a greater extent in the domestic market as well.Tom Cauthorn White – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the color, guys.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yeah, we don’t disclose our conversion rates by channel, Brian. It’s one of the areas that I think is a key area of competency for us. We’ve got very well converting websites, and it’s one of our key efforts everyday is to continuously improve the experience for our customers on our website and continue to add contents to continue to push that conversion upward. In mobile, it’s more challenging, because you got a smaller screen, and it’s still earlier days. so as Jeff pointed to earlier when we’re still learning there, what’s the best way to acquire traffic, and then continuously improving from a much earlier, from a much more recent starting point, the experience for our customers as they land on those smaller screens. So it’s ongoing, and we hope that given the expertise we’ve developed over the years in desktop that we can transfer that to the smaller screen, and also give our customers a great experience there.Brian P. Fitzgerald – Jefferies LLC:  Great, guys. thanks for the color.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Michael, the cost of revenue decrease is driven by Name Your Own Price hotel business. That business is continuing to decline and we recorded in our income statement on a growth basis. So the total value of the transaction is in revenue and then the cost that we pass on to the supplier is in cost of revenue and the decline there is what’s driving the decrease in that line item.Michael Millman – Millman Research Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And just to be clear, there is no room night bookings for KAYAK itself, it would just be through referrals to other group brands, but nothing in our unit growth is specific to the KAYAK acquisition.
