Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you, Mark. The China outbound market continues to be a market that is large and growing and that we all view has great potential because of the demographic factors that are well known affecting China. We have a number of different ways to participate in it. We participate in it through our partnership with Ctrip where our international hotels are shown to their customers, and Booking.com and Agoda also participate directly in selling outbound to international travelers coming from China. I know there's been a lot written about a slowdown in overall economic growth in China, but we still view it as a very, very attractive market that will have substantial macro tailwinds helping build both the middle class and travel demand, and we want to participate in it. With respect to alternative accommodations, as you can see by the numbers that we disclosed and sort of the ongoing property counts on Booking.com in particular, we have built a very large inventory of dynamically-bookable non-hotel accommodations, and we view it as a growth opportunity for our brands and for Booking.com in particular. And most importantly, our customers have gotten used to having a world-class content and a great experience both in booking and at stay, and that's something that we're determined to deliver. With respect to alternative accommodations, we also have, I think, one of the best distribution networks; in other words, one of the best ways to market those properties of any player in the space and look forward to doing that. In terms of how those are presented on the website, that's something that's determined by technology and the experience we have with users on the website. There's always an opportunity to select those properties for customers who want to use the various filters that are available. So there's a lot of different ways to get to them. But the most fundamental element of it is that we are trying to show the particular customer what they're most likely looking for and that drives the presentation.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So, Brian, I'll take the first one and Dan can take the question on cancellations. With respect to getting into more detail on performance marketing, we typically have tried to shy away from that because very often the color that we could give you would essentially be – tip our hand in terms of what we are doing in the market. We're such a large player in the marketplace that a lot of times, the trends are in part driven by what we're doing. So I don't want to get into a lot of detail on that. I think as Dan said, we have seen pressure on that over the last several years, and I think it's fair to say that some of that is competitive pressure with scale players like Expedia being able to be more aggressive in the market as their operational execution has improved. And essentially, our goal is to continue to build market share of the business at reasonable ROIs, and our outlook has not changed on that in any fundamental way over the last several years.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So I'll answer the first question on brand spend, and Dan can talk about the macro impact on the U.S. versus Europe. We said in the prior – in our prior call that we expected to have a seasonally higher brand spend than we typically would have in the second quarter as spend in Q1 was essentially shifted into Q2. We did experience a higher brand spend than we typically would, but just not to the degree that we forecast. The spending in the United States in general will continue. I think you will continue to see brand advertising by Priceline.com and by Booking.com in particular in the United States. So our outlook on making that investment over the long-term hasn't changed, but the absolute amount of that investment in the second quarter was a little bit less than we had forecast.
Jeffery H. Boyd: No. I don't think that the size of the non-hotel accommodation business that's being done away from us is big enough where that level of disruption would be visible to us in the positive sense.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think we would like to spend more money on Facebook going forward. We have a good relationship with them, and we've found that a number of things that we've done on Facebook works well, particularly retargeting, which really is more of a performance-based analysis the way we look at it. So, I would look for us to be doing more. As you could see by Facebook's announcement, the scale of their advertising business is growing, and while it traditionally has been more of a brand advertising platform, we like to work closely with Facebook to find ways to make more performance-oriented placements work for us. And that's something that we continue to be interested in doing.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thanks, Tom. On the corporate travel opportunity, we always suspected that we had a substantial number of business users that were using our product, but we didn't until more recently have data on it, which is where that one in five number comes from. And that intuition gave us reason to look at the market more aggressively and try to build some functionality that would be targeted directly at corporate travelers. And so that one in five number represents the self-reported usage of our customers, and what the opportunity is, is to build a business of business travelers using the tools that we provide for them and to try to get that share to go up. I wouldn't hazard a guess as to whether it would ultimately be 50-50. In the United States, the average hotel has 30% business traveler, 30% leisure traveler and 30% large groups for big hotels, so that gives you sort of a breakdown at least in the U.S. market as to what the market kind of looks like. But we think there's a great opportunity to build awareness among business travelers that Booking.com in particular is a great place to go and for business owners to use the tools that we're building which we think will help us build share there. With respect to marketing efficiencies in newer markets, it's traditionally been the pattern that we have been willing to invest in marketing in new markets in order to build share and to build awareness of our brands until we got to a point where we'd achieved enough scale where the more normal ROI patterns would obtain. I don't have anything particular to report to you on that front. There may still be some markets where we're not long-tenured and are doing some investing, and that would be very, very consistent with how we've run the business over the long-term.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So, I'll answer the second one first, which is the KAYAK product on Facebook is fairly new as are most of the technology that's interacting with either with robotic texting or natural language processing with a voice like an Alexa. So that stuff is all in the very early stage and I think it's terrific for our teams to be innovating on those platforms because it puts us in a position to participate and benefit if those platforms ultimately grow to be meaningful sources of demand for e-commerce like ours. With respect to the particular advertising products that are available on Facebook, our teams look at everything. I don't have any particular comment on dynamic product ads or others. Dan, I don't know if you have any comment to make on that.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. Thank you, Ed (sic) [Eric] (40:22). So with respect to the competitive environment and the hotel direct book, the hotels have consistently been working hard over the years to maximize the traffic that goes to their own direct websites, and they've done it over the years through driving single image pricing, through a very substantial investment in their own web experience, and we look at the availability of different prices for their members on the website as an evolution of that effort. Our approach is to try to make sure that our customers have the best prices that are published and available, and I think we're doing a pretty good job of accomplishing that. And I think that given the scale of our business, we're in a position where it's a reasonable ask that the largest player in the space be able to show competitive prices to its customers. My belief is that those efforts will continue, and we'll continue to press to make sure that we've got competitive pricing. And I will say that if over the long-term the efforts by the chains or others is essentially starting to drive consumers to expect to book only discounted prices rather than published retail prices that the ultimate impact of that on hotel ADRs is probably not going to be great for the chains. And companies like ours and other large competitors are in the space are very well-positioned to advertise substantial discounts as well. And so my comment there is at some point, it actually might not be a great idea to push the market and push consumers into expecting to book only at discounted prices. On BookingSuite, the product continues to evolve. I think the team is excited about revenue management tools that are now being made available to customers, and I think the customer interest and uptake on that has been good. Ultimately having our engine drive direct bookings for small and medium-sized hotels we still believe is a good thing – a good thing for the hotel because it allows them to participate in a channel that they were not participating in and help build their brand via a direct website that we can build for them and certainly provide the booking engine for. And ultimately, it does help us because it provides us with excellent inventory and builds our relationship with the hotel which is over time very important to us as well.
Jeffery H. Boyd: We actually think it's good for the hotels to lean into our products in any market because ultimately if they use our channel to drive strong demand for their property, it puts them in a position to maintain or increase their ADRs even if the market is relatively strong. So, our look at it would be that hotels should participate aggressively at all times in order to maximize their RevPAR. There's no question that if ADRs start to drop, and in particular occupancy starts to drop, then hotels may have more of an incentive to participate in programs that could enhance the demand that they get from us, but we think it's a good idea regardless of market cycle.
Jeffery H. Boyd: We still think there is a substantial opportunity to increase the number of properties on our websites, and on the Booking.com platform in particular, and as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, a fairly substantial growth in the size of the platform over the last couple of years, I think, is evidence of that. You can tell from the math, and we've said on prior occasions a number of times that the typical average size of the property that we're bringing on to the platform now is smaller because we're dealing with non-hotel accommodations to a large degree, and those tend to be much smaller than the larger hotels, most of which we've already addressed although there still is opportunity in the hotel space as well. So in some, substantial opportunity to continue to increase the size of the platform, although diminishing return in terms of the number of rooms available per property.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think we like our model compared to the other models out there. We have a scale customer base that's used to doing business with us on these terms, and I think we're doing a good job of building the relationships and the business processes and the automation to enable us to deliver the experience to the user when they're booking a non-hotel accommodation or a property that's not being managed by a professional owner. So we like that business model. We like that hand of cards that we've been dealt. I think that HomeAway's customer bases and their owners are chafing a little bit at a substantial increase in fees, and ultimately, in a competitive marketplace for these types of properties, consumers have been shopping around for hotels for 15 years, 17 years now. And it's probably the case that over time, they'll shop around for vacation rentals, and ultimately it'll be about finding the best value. And I'm hopeful that we'll be able to provide the best value.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I'm not going to get into a conversation about, if they do this, will you do that? That's between us and the hotels, and judging by the questions, I just want to underscore that we have great long-term relationships with the hotel chains. We've been in business with them since I started in the business in 2000, and I would expect those relationships to continue to be strong, and we provide a lot of business for the hotel chains, and we provide business in languages and in destinations that it's hard for them to access directly, but we have a unique benefit that we provide, and we absolutely value the inventory that we're getting from our partners here. So I wouldn't express it as if they do this, we'll do that kind of a situation. This is a partnership.
Jeffery H. Boyd: On the first question, Michael, we have seen some relative strength in the South Spain and Portugal have been very strong markets. Turkey is not. Turkey has been an impaired market, between terrorist attacks and then the attempted coup. Some of the other markets that have been strong, like Ireland and Germany, so people shying away from some of the markets where terrorist attacks have been taking place in the past, and where maybe they have more of a fear of safety for traveling there at the moment.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So, KAYAK has had a good run of performance here this year. They've done a very nice job of not only building query demand in the United States and elsewhere, but they're doing also a good job of continually innovating with respect to their product and with respect to mobile in particular, which helps with the flow-through of the economics. So they're doing a very nice job and their international expansion continues. I don't have anything to tell you particularly about this market or that market but KAYAK continues to, I would say, in a measured way build its footprint internationally.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Naved, the CEO search continues in the normal way with a committee of our board and the recruiting firm and they are right in the middle of it.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So similar to what we've said in the past in that regard, we feel if you break it into three pieces, brand advertising, although we've had deleverage pressure from that from time to time, for the long run, we feel that we will be able to deliver operating leverage there. Similar story for non-advertising OpEx where the business has typically grown more quickly than those expenses have, and we feel good about being able to control that for the future. So that leaves the performance advertising, which is by far the biggest expense bucket. We've had several years now of pressure on that metric. Our Q2 results show some pressure and our guidance for Q3 expects there will again be pressure. So beyond that, we don't have a forecast for you. You can make your own prediction as to how that will play out, but that's been the track record to date.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And in terms of cancellation trends, Brian, no big change from last quarter. So the longer-term trend has been that our cancellation rates have increased. There was a little bit more volatility in it last quarter, and so we called that out, but the cancellation increases that we've seen are built into our gross bookings and room nights booked, which were all net of cancellations. So we feel like the growth even net of that increase in cancels is pretty solid.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And in terms of performance by region between the U.S. and Europe, and Europe is our biggest market by far. It's our most mature, so it's growing more slowly than our consolidated growth rate typically. We're pleased with the growth performance for Europe in Q2 and year-to-date. There were impacts in France and Belgium from terrorist attacks, but overall the region is still growing well. U.S. is one of our newer markets, and it's typically growing faster than our consolidated growth rate. And Booking.com in particular continues to build its business in the U.S., and so we're pleased with our overall growth rate in the U.S.
Daniel J. Finnegan: No. No, we're working closely with the Facebook team. Our teams are very innovative and they're looking hard to spend as much in those channels as they can at a reasonable ROI.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yeah. And, Michael, I wouldn't – there's nothing that we can see from our results that indicates a major trend of corporations pulling back travel because of safety concerns. I'm certain there are some business travelers who have canceled trips in the immediate aftermath of some of these events, but broadly speaking, a major pullback is at least not obvious in the numbers we're looking at.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Well, Spanish ADRs have been very strong. So all of that demand shifting there is actually having a positive impact on the ADRs in those markets. And overall, you can see our ADR trend has been roughly stable, down slightly, less than a percent. So nothing really to call out there.
Daniel J. Finnegan: We don't see any major impact one way or the other on that, Naved. So we didn't call anything out. We didn't build anything specifically in there.
