Jeffery Boyd: Thank you, and welcome to Priceline's first quarter conference call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks. Dan will give a detailed financial review, and then I will sum up. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the first quarter of approximately $4.7 billion, up 57% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $137 million or $2.66 per share, up 57% versus prior year. First quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $2.46 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $31.2 million for the quarter, up 56% year-over-year.  Growth rates for our International business increased during the quarter with 78% gross bookings growth on a local-currency basis. Growth rates benefited generally from increased ADRs and from growth at Agoda and the Asian and South American business of Booking.com, which were seasonally strong in Q4 and Q1. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in new markets, growth in hotel supply and inclusion of TravelJigsaw results. Booking.com continued to build its worldwide hotel supply platform, with over 135,000 hotels in 101 countries. Booking.com continues to build inventory in sales in Asia, South America and North America, delivering growth in reservations to those destinations and growing demand in those regions for hotels around the world. As those businesses have achieved greater scale, they are contributing to high reported consolidated growth rates. Bookings execution and expanding geographically and building share of online hotel demand has been, in my opinion, exceptional, as underscored by high International growth rates this quarter.  Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 14% in the first quarter due primarily to growth in retail and Opaque hotel room night gross bookings, aided by improved ADRs and the return to growth in airline ticket sales and higher airfares. Solid growth in Opaque airline tickets helped the domestic top and bottom line as airlines use the Opaque channel as a revenue management tool while they increased fares generally. Ticket sales also benefited as American Airlines tickets were unavailable on Expedia and Orbitz for the quarter, but were available on Priceline. Merchant gross bookings growth of 50% continues to reflect growth in the domestic retail and Opaque hotel business, but even more so growing contributions from Agoda and TravelJigsaw. Agoda continues to report impressive year-over-year growth in gross bookings, contributing to the overall International and merchant growth we are reporting. TravelJigsaw delivered solid growth in Rental Car unit sales in the quarter and is building availability as it approaches the high summer season. In summary, the growth in the Group's International hotel business exceeded our forecast in the first quarter and we are pleased with the progress of our brands in Asia-Pacific and other new markets. I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Jeffery Boyd: Thanks, Dan. We believe the Priceline Group is off to a good start in 2011. Each of our brands delivered high rates of growth compared to the competition, and are, I believe, well-positioned to compete going forward. We will now take your questions.
Jeffery Boyd: Mark, I think that we've said a couple of things about this in the last couple of calls. The first is, that we are in a period of some investment here in the last couple of quarters, which is why we haven't been delivering increased leverage across the consolidated income statement. Part of that is at Booking.com, who's building out the International platform to accommodate the high growth rates they've experienced, but also, we have Agoda and TravelJigsaw that are at earlier stages of their development and also requiring investment. I would not take the position that we don't foresee the possibility of earnings leverage going forward. What you're seeing now, really, reflects our judgment in terms of how to manage the business to make sure we're investing to capture the opportunity, especially in these rapidly growing markets in Asia and elsewhere, where we're still relatively new entrant.
Jeffery Boyd: We absolutely believe there is. If you look at our total International hotel business as a percentage of all of the hotel rooms booked, it's still very, very small, and I don't have a percentage to quote for you. But in terms of market share of all the hotel room nights booked, it's very, very small, and I think we certainly believe that there is still a very substantial amount of business that is coming from off-line channels in the European market and in the well-developed Western European markets, and we think we are in a good position to gain share of that.
Jeffery Boyd: We don't particularly look at what's been going on in our marketplace as a share shift gain yet. We just don't. Our principal effort is to bring new hotels on. You saw the significant increase in hotel count for Booking.com in the quarter and certainly year-over-year, so we're not viewing this as a share shift situation. And if you look at the results that have been reported by our competition, it appears to us that they are also gaining share by penetrating that off-line channel.
Jeffery Boyd: Well, we're not giving any guidance beyond the guidance we've given for the second quarter. And our overall guidance to investors is that we will see continued deceleration of the growth rate for this business. So I wouldn't want anybody to think that somehow we're walking away from that general premise. Again, I think that if you look at -- there is lot of -- in every quarter, there are a lot of things that are outside the business that affect our growth rate. And so if you'll try to look at sequential growth rates from quarter-to-quarter, I think it's very easy to get a mistake and impression about what the long-term trend is. And if you look at hotel room night growth, local currency growth over the last 3, 4, 5 quarters, it's been occurring within a reasonably tight range. And as I said previously, I think that the first quarter growth rate is a little bit off trend and that it's a much better way to look at it, to look at it over a longer period of time. One thing that we pointed out in our prepared remarks is, that we do have our bigger business in Asia and in South America where the seasonality is a little bit different. And those businesses have grown at higher rates than the rest of our businesses and so the first quarter growth rate could be benefiting from the positive results in those markets and from the different seasonality where they just have a stronger results in the fourth and first quarter, whereas our North American, Western European and U.S. business, the strongest seasonality is in the second and third quarters.
Jeffery Boyd: Okay. So for the first part, I can't give you an exact figure of the benefit to Priceline's U.S. airline ticket business from the absence of American on the other websites, but we do think that the business benefited and we did see that in our results for the quarter. There are no further earn-outs for the folks at Agoda. They are subject to normal performance compensation plans like everybody else at the group.
Jeffery Boyd: I think, Heath, if you look at the business in Asia Pacific, you have to look at not just the Agoda business, but the Booking.com business. And I think both brands are doing very well in Asia outside of China, Thailand, Singapore, for example. I think Malaysia. I think both brands are working hard to build a presence in Australia and New Zealand. There's a very strong competitor in that market in Wotif, and we're working hard to gain ground on Wotif. With respect to the Asian market in general, Ctrip is obviously one of the biggest players there. We've heard Expedia say some positive things about eLong and that eLong is now mostly focused on the hotel opportunity. From what we read in Expedia's announcement, it looks to us that their primary emphasis in the hotel space in Asia is going to be hotels.com because the Expedia brand and a lot of those markets is now going to be operated through a joint venture with a low-cost airline. So there's a lot of companies in the space, but there is also rapidly growing market and a lot of running room there. And we are focused on all of it. We are building hotel inventory in China and making some headway there, but the large majority of our business is outside of China.
Jeffery Boyd: Sure. So the Pay As You Stay for everybody on the phone is typically the Booking.com inventory that has been integrated and is now offered via the Priceline website. Booking.com has been building its hotel supply in the United States over the last couple of years primarily for European customers that are traveling inbound. But we felt it was a good opportunity to provide a little more diversity to the inventory, some more buying choices for priceline.com customers. That project has worked well. A couple of comments that I would make, first of all, Booking.com still has a ways to go to have a full complement of hotels across all the markets in the United States. The team has done a great job of building inventory quickly, but it's a very, very large market and there's still a ways to go. So I think there still is more opportunity and potential to the project. I'm not going to break out what the percentage is. All I will say is, that the program is successful. It's driving a number of reservations that's significant to the U.S. business. And we think it's additive and that our customers are voting with their clicks and their wallets to take advantage of the option when it makes sense for them.
Jeffery Boyd: We don't get into a lot of detail about the repeat business, but I think it's fair to say as the business grows, the absolute number of customers you get through the repeat channel has to grow and substantially to support this kind of growth in the business.
Jeffery Boyd: I mean, I don't, I can't really comment on your research. I think our competition has been very aggressive in signing up hotels. I don't know if they have as many people on the ground as we do. I don't know if they are pursuing it as effectively as we are. We're not the only group with a couple of brands there. Expedia has got at least 3 brands out there that could be working on hotel signings. So they have outlined that as a very important strategic imperative for them. I'm sure they're working on it very hard. They've certainly got the scale of their worldwide business to get the International chains on board. So we view the market as very, very competitive. We do think our teams at Agoda and Booking.com are doing an outstanding job of building the inventory and that's not just happening in Asia, that's happening around the world.
Jeffery Boyd: Why don't I talk a little bit about conversion, Michael, and Dan can talk about the Rental Car Fleets. If your question is how do we think about conversion in terms of being a driver of business growth, we absolutely view it is an important driver of business growth for us. All of our brands spent a lot of time trying to improve conversion on the website. It allows you to market more aggressively, so there's a virtual circle, kind of a concept involved there. So we think it's very important.
Jeffery Boyd: I don't think you can tease it apart because ultimately, good conversion improves your ability to get a transaction from all customers, whether they be new or repeat.
Jeffery Boyd: The hotels are very amenable to the compensation and commission structure that Booking.com is offering here in the United States. I think they also find the ability to control their pricing and availability in Booking.com system to be very attractive and they find the access to customers, not just in the United States, but outside the United States, to be a very important benefit of participation. So we've had very good acceptance from the hotels in terms of signing up with Booking.com. Booking.com absolutely advertises in the United States and in English language Web channels that are broadly available in the United States and it's a great product for U.S. customers and their business with U.S. customers is growing.
Jeffery Boyd: I'm just not going to comment on the relative growth rates between regions. We look at the United States as a new market for Booking.com and it's got growth rates that we are happy with, but I don't want to get into one region going faster than the other. I guess that's the last question. Thank you all very much for participating in our conference call.
Daniel Finnegan: In online marketing, Ross, our biggest spend is for Pay-Per-Click. Nothing has changed there. So what I was referring to was that we have a little bit of an increase in our online advertising as our percentage of gross profit on a consolidated basis just because our international brands are growing so fast and they spend a proportionately larger amount on online advertising, partly because they're growing so fast and they're bringing new customers into the website. And then secondly, because they're not doing any off-line advertising like we do in the U.S.
Daniel Finnegan: The step up in advertising spend is really coincidental with the growth in the business so we haven't done anything differently in how we approach our advertising spend. We will spend to whatever extent we can because customers are looking to come to come to our website and as long as we're successful in converting them to a booking, and we're making positive ROI on that advertising spend, we're all for as much of it as we can get. The business has been growing because it's mostly new customers coming in to the website and booking in new geographic markets. And then also through continued shift from off-line to online. We've also seen nice trends on repeat business, so people coming back to the site and booking directly. So it's a combination of both. But with growth rates so high, you know that a lot of it is new customers coming to the website.
Daniel Finnegan: And Michael, in terms of Rental Car Fleets, in the U.S., for our Opaque business, it's been a variable situation. We've had quarters where we have significant challenges in getting access to sufficient discouned inventory. You have other quarters where we have a little more success. Certainly, cases where inventory is tight creates challenges for that business. We look to be having some decent access to inventory for Q2 thus far, but that can change pretty quickly. The crisis in Japan certainly doesn't help the situation and to our TravelJigsaw business, it's one of their key imperatives is to try and make sure they get good access to inventory during peak season. And so even in the best of times, that's challenging and maybe even a tougher challenge for them this year.
