Jeff Boyd: Thanks Dan. We are pleased with our results for the third quarter and the current trajectory of our international hotel business, which continues to perform well in our core Western European and North American and continues to build business in new markets, both destination and point-of-sale. Rental car business is also performing well at priceline.com and TravelJigsaw. We will continue our investments in building our brands, geographic expansion, and innovation as a foundation for future growth. We will now take your questions.
Jeff Boyd: Hi Ingrid. You’re right, we don’t talk about CPC trends mainly because we’re such a big player in a lot of the markets that it will be sensitive competitively to indicate if we were spending more or less. And we also don’t talk about what we’re seeing with conversion. It is an important feature that we work on trying to improve everyday. The one factor I guess that is out there that we’ve disclosed and you can see is that ADRs are improving, and so that certainly helps overall on ROIs.
Jeff Boyd: Okay. Imran, with respect to the Booking.com business in the United States, the status of the hotel acquisition is that great progress has been made. We’ve got significant resources dedicated to the task, but there is still a very large number of hotels to go. Keep in mind that we certainly worked to try to signup the most important hotels in the most popular destinations, particularly for European travelers first, so it’s not going to be the exact same return as more and more hotels are added. But Booking.com still has quite a ways to go to build out the kind of comprehensive inventory that is available on priceline.com. And, with respect to TravelJigsaw and gross bookings growth, we are not going to disclose the absolute growth rate, but we’re pleased with the growth that we’re seeing.
Jeff Boyd: It’s really not an R&D tax credit in the way that people in the United States might be familiar with. It’s a provision of the law that says to the extent that you can demonstrate that the company’s earnings taxable income is derived from innovation that those earnings so drive will be taxed at a lower rate 5% versus the statutory rate, and so it’s really a question of determining to what extent your earnings are derived from innovation. And then there is a phase in period as well in terms of how long the full impact of that innovation is attributed to your earnings. And as Dan said, those discussions are ongoing.
Jeff Boyd: Okay. With respect to the Asia business, the numbers that we read out earlier include business in China. And while we don’t have a large presence in China, we have hotels that are participating from China, and we have Chinese consumers who book reservations on our website. That is a similar sort of organic strategy that Agoda and Booking.com have follow them in other markets and we are satisfied with the results of that effort so far, and hotel development efforts continue. With respect to the US business, we are very pleased with how our US business is performing. And when you think about the gross bookings growth rates, the principal difference between I think the business that we reported today and some of the results that you may heard from some of our competition is that our airline ticket business probably has not performed as well as perhaps some of our competition.  : 
Jeff Boyd: I think the – Ross, I’ll hit the impact first. We – as we look at the gross profit generated by our entire airline ticket business and that includes OPAC and retail, and the OPAC contributes a lot more gross profit dollars than the retail does. Because of the long sustained growth in our hotel business and our international business, that’s really become just a much, much smaller part of total gross profit dollars. And so the gist of the first question would that somehow be material to us in the financial sense as classically defined by the accounts? The answer to that is clearly no. Having said that, we have – we believe very good relationships with the airlines and we certainly have the ability to do innovating things in our connections with the airlines and I think we provide to the airlines the lowest cost distribution that they have out there. And I don’t believe that operating expenses required to continue to connect with them in ways that are acceptable to the airlines is going to have any significant impact on our CapEx or anything of that nature. There is an opportunity cost there because as the IT resources, we have dedicated to that product we’re working on things like back-office connections, they are not working on innovation that’s customer facing and could ultimately help drive the business to grow faster.
Jeff Boyd: So with respect to Asia versus Europe, the market serve are very different, and each has their own unique characteristics that make them both very attractive. The European market is characterized, especially in Western Europe by a very large and relatively affluent middleclass that spends disposable income on travel. And as a result, that has allowed the businesses we operate in Europe to grow at high rates and become big in a reasonably short period of time.  In Asia, the population is huge, much bigger than Europe if you include China for sure. And their levels of general economic growth are much higher than the general macroeconomic growth in the European markets. So you have the benefit of growing economies and you also have the benefit of travel market that’s probably growing faster than it is in general in Europe or in North America.  I think the destinations are getting more travel from international travelers. And I think that Asian people are travelling more as they become affluent as they get jobs in cities. And in the case of China, as it becomes legally permissible to do so when you’re able to get a VISA – the destinations that are allowable for VISA is expanding for the Chinese, and I think that represents a pent-up market demand that overtime should be very bullish for people and travel industry in general. So those were all good things about the Asian market that are a little bit different from Europe.  The one thing that I will say about Asia, and this is true for South America as well that, you don’t yet have the emergence of the very, very large affluent middleclass, that’s a trend that will happen over many, many, years, but it’s not there right now. So while the numbers that we gave out earlier in this call are demonstrative of a very attractive business in those markets. I don’t think that they have the potential to grow as big as quickly as the European markets and North American markets did in online travel. But they do have at least in our estimation the capability of growing to be very large over a long period of time.Justin Post – Bank of America:  Okay. And then on search engine threat, just on their ability to actually get inventory and offer a similar experience.
Jeff Boyd: I think if you look at the search engines today, have access to all of the data that’s really available on not only the hotel direct sites, but all of the online travel sites. So that today, the search engines have the ability to show a consumer, almost every hotel in the world basically, that’s the nature of how they work.  So the question really is not whether the search engines are going to have access to those hotels, it’s really a question of how it’s displayed and what the model is for advertising. And I think it’s certainly possible overtime that the search engines could display more information, more content, and even try to display current pricing. And I think people on this call know that there is steps being taken by Google to experiment with that.  And so the question is what – how much content do they show and how do they display it and then how do they use it to support advertising revenues on their websites. And we certainly think that one of the predominant ways they’re doing it today and they’ll do in the foreseeable future is to take advertising from online travel agents and use the ability that we have to have superior conversion of that lead which allows us to pay an attractive price or it will represent an attractive model for the search engines for sometime to come.Justin Post – Bank of America:  Right, thank you.
Jeff Boyd: So starting with the question about leisure travel from a macro sense, I don’t – I think that the – there has been a general reduction in the growth rates for airline tickets sold by online travel agents over the last couple of quarters, us included. And I think that is more representative of the fact that our competition is now fully anniversaried the benefits they got from cutting processing fees and the growth rates are stepping down a little bit or it’s requiring more investment to maintain higher growth rates.  I think that things like airline capacity which is still very – on a very sort of strict control in terms of growth, it has something to do with that, and high airline ticket prices, especially compared to last year also has an impact on leisure demand. I think all of those factors I just mentioned could be a reason why you’ve seen a little bit of pressure on airline ticket growth rates, but having said that, I still view and we still view that demand for leisure travel has been reasonably robust. And if you look at the results of our non-air businesses, they seem to be evidence of that.
Jeff Boyd: Yes. With respect to OPAC rental card trends, we don’t give guidance – forward-looking guidance by product in that sense, but the rental car business both in the United States and internationally continues to perform well. And I don’t have a comment with respect to AVES and their programs with the airlines.
Jeff Boyd: We’ve enjoyed particularly with the international hotel business, a fairly high level of growth in our core markets. And I define those to be core Western European markets as well as North America.  And I think we’ve been pleasantly surprised at how those growth rates have held up and I think we believe that’s attributable to great work and execution by our teams on website improvements and conversion initiatives and that sort of hard work that helps keep the business robust as well as the integration initiatives like the sharing of inventory between Booking.com and Priceline.com.  And we also think it’s in part attributable to the fact that the point-of-sale demand that’s coming from outside those markets, that’s coming from the new markets is helping to hold up growth rates in the core markets, it’s really the network effect.
Jeff Boyd: I think that historically, the meta search sites have derived at least to the degree that we can ascertain it, more variant income from selling advertising to online travel agents than they have some suppliers. I think the suppliers have a mixed feelings about empowering that channel in that fashion. I think they have a mixed commitment of resources to try and put their best content forward on meta search sites, and I think they have mixed policies about to what degree that they’re willing to pay. The second thing is, it’s still – we believe is the case that for any given lead that’s generated on a meta search side, has got a better chance on converting at an online travel agent that has a full selection of hotels, great content, things like user reviews that really aren’t available on supplier websites and customers like shopping and booking on the online travel sites. And I think all those factors would support a continued significant flow of leads to the online travel sites.  : 
Jeff Boyd: And with respect to the ITA acquisition, the company’s view on that has not changed since it was announced. We can see some potential benefits to the OTA industry if Google stated intent of using that kind of functionality to deliver the more qualified lead to the OTA is how they operate the business overtime. We’ve also expressed some potential concerns about the acquisition. The Priceline Group has not been vocal in our position to the extent that Expedia and some of the others, there’s an alliance out there, we’re not a part of that alliance, but we’ve made our concerns known.Sandeep Aggarwal – Caris & Company:  Thank you.
Jeff Boyd: So with respect to occupancy rates, there is no question that as the occupancy rates go up, especially for peak travel periods, the challenge becomes more one of getting availability to make sure that your site has availability for the last available room at the hotel. And I think our teams around the world do a very good job of that. I’ve said before, typically as business improves, the hotels continue to try to maximize the scope of their distribution so they can raise rates as aggressively as possible. And we think we have very cost effective distribution and we want to have rooms available if there are any rooms available, and I think we do a pretty good job of that. With respect to hotel counts, our – Booking.com and Agoda continue to aggressively signup new hotels. I think for both businesses, a lot of those hotels are in new markets, and so it you are looking at the balance of hotels that are being brought online, you might see more coming on in Asia than in the more well established capital cities in European destinations, where you’re getting closer to having most of the hotels that typically would be bookable, although there is always opportunities to increase your inventory in markets that are fairly penetrated. But the company is certainly is intending to continue to aggressively signup hotels, you just see – you may see the balance more in the new markets.
Jeff Boyd: Mark, I think we’re very happy with the TravelJigsaw acquisition that’s off to a great start. We think that the rental car business internationally is a very attractive business. Would we potentially be more interested in doing something that was outside the hotel and the car hire space like air and packages. I think the airline ticket business in Europe is a challenging for online travel agents and we continue to think that. I would never say never on something like that. But we think that the rental car business is much more attractive.
Dan Finnegan: I don’t have the same stat for you, Ingrid. But what I said in the remarks is that the point-of-sales businesses is a comparable size and growing in impressive rates. And when you think about the Asian business to the extent that includes business for Agoda, that’s it’s whole business which is point-of-sale Agoda business. Most of that is Asian but it’s the whole business.
Dan Finnegan: Sure Herman. So we didn’t disclose specifically the ADR assumptions for Q4 other than say we do expect further improvement, and there has been a pretty steady trend of improvement there which is probably the best thing you could look back to. In terms of the tax credits in the Netherlands, we really don’t have a lot of additional information. We can give you compared to what we reported last quarter. We’re still in the process of negotiating and discussing with the tax authorities over there to what extent, if any, our earnings will qualify is being considered to be driven through innovation.  It’s certain that it won’t be a 100%, because obviously there are activities that we do that wouldn’t be considered innovative. But that said we consider that we believe that the business is extremely innovative and that’s what’s enabled them to perform so well in the market. So we’re hopeful that the results will be good, but we really don’t have any further information yet. We’re hoping that we will have a resolution by the end of the year, but it’s largely outside of our control. We’re waiting on the tax authorities to help us come to a final conclusion there.
Dan Finnegan: So Sandeep as far as our Q4 guidance goes, what I said is, we were assuming that air gross bookings will be flat year-over-year. We don’t give details regarding units and pricing, but that’s the sum product of our assumptions.
