Ewout Steenbergen: Kevin, this is Ewout. If you think about the second quarter guidance that we have provided to you, I think a couple of elements that you have to take in consideration. One is we are expecting a less expanded booking window in the second quarter than we have seen in the first quarter. So there has been a little bit of a pull forward of room nights from the second quarter into our first quarter results. We are expecting more of an impact from the Middle East from what we have seen so far. But in the opposite direction is that Easter is a slight benefit for the second quarter.  There is a little bit of noise, so to say, in the results quarter-by-quarter, particularly from Easter and the booking window. But if you look at the combined first half year results that we are expecting, so the actuals in the first quarter and the guidance for the second quarter, we believe that the results are really strong and very consistent to full year guidance that we have provided. In terms of the comps that you are referring, actually, first quarter and second quarter comps are a bit tougher for us. And the second half of the year, the comps will become easier. So that is actually going to be a benefit during the course of 2024. 
Ewout Steenbergen: Sure. Mark, so the percentage of connected trip as a mix of total transactions at this moment is high single digits, and that is growing very rapidly. I think the way we look at it is really in combination with multiple other elements. We're seeing that we're delivering more value for our customers. Therefore, we see higher loyalty customers moving up to higher levels of Genius, more repeat customers coming to us. We can provide them more benefits over time. They're buying more from multiple verticals, and therefore, the connected trip is growing as well.  So this is really a flying wheel that we're having here. And we're seeing all of these metrics moving in the right direction, and they are all interrelated. So we're actually really encouraged by the total pattern of what we're seeing in terms of the added value we deliver to the customer and how it is being recognized by those travelers. 
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. And quickly to give a couple of numbers around the regional mix. Europe, high single-digit growth in the first quarter, that was above our expectations. Very important that we see even Europe continue to do better than our own internal expectations. Asia, mid-teens growth, particularly very strong, China, Japan, Korea, India and Indonesia. And then U.S. at low single-digit growth, as Glenn already mentioned, but we believe that we have done better than the market in the first quarter with our U.S. growth and are on great trajectory and have many additional opportunities to grow faster in the future in the U.S.  With respect to your second question regarding the DMA changes, actually, if we look at the higher ROIs for our paid channels and the marketing leverage that we're seeing in the first quarter, that is all coming from our own actions, from the improvements we're making, the continuous optimization of our paid marketing approach as well as the growth of direct channels. We don't see really an impact from the Google DMA changes. And I would say that is more neutral for us as a total effect. 
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, Doug, a couple of additional insights around the U.S. So what we like particularly is the sequential improvement from the fourth quarter in terms of our growth. Particularly within the growth, we saw the highest growth for alternative accommodations, which is really encouraging. If you look at U.S. bookers, more international growth than domestic growth. And then again, we really very much believe that U.S. is for us a growth market opportunity. It's fantastic with the scale that we have already today, with all the strategic expansions we're doing in multiple verticals and going more direct to connected trip, generative AI and many of the other strategic initiatives that we're having that we're actually having an opportunity to expand our position over the next few years in the U.S. 
Ewout Steenbergen: And in terms of summer, as I said earlier, I said that we have a healthy growth for travel on the books that's scheduled to take place during the peak summer. And that's where we're feeling that -- why I'm feeling pleased about the summer. I'm not going to quantify it though. 
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. Thanks, Lee. So first, your question about structural growth. So I am really super positive about the outlook for the company. Why? This is, of course, a phenomenal company, super high quality, very successful. And I very much believe that we will be able to grow in the future faster than GDP. Shift of offline to online bookings. I think overall, also consumers that will spend more on experiences than on material goods. And then a number of areas that I believe actually, in my view, now being 6 weeks here in the position that are really underestimated for the company. So first, let me talk about direct. I think this is a company now that is -- completely has a complete game changer with respect to the share of direct. We're not only dependent on pay channels anymore. And that is now in the low 60% range for the B2C business. It's really important, and we are keeping those customers with us, and we have talked about it now before previous questions of really adding more value and more of those travelers coming back to the app, booking direct to us and the benefit we are having with that.  The other is the opportunity we have with respect to alternative accommodations. I think, again, this is completely not well understood and underestimated. We are actually, in terms of size, 2/3 of the largest player in this space, and we are growing faster in most of the last 8 quarters. And we still have a lot of opportunity to further develop our offering. But the fact that we are combining traditional accommodations and alternative accommodations on a platform and having travelers really being able to go from one to the other -- sometimes they go in and want to book one type of accommodation, and they end up booking a completely different type of accommodation.  And the last is gen AI. Glenn was just commenting on this. I have to say, I think the strategic benefit we have in terms of our capital investments we can make as well as the quality of the data because in generative AI, it's not so much about the language models. The data that go into the language models is strategically probably the biggest differentiator. And we have really advantage with respect to the data because of all the different ways that we touch travelers and partners and other stakeholders in the travel industry. So therefore, I'm really very positive and optimistic about the structural growth opportunities for the company over the next couple of years.  Quickly about fixed OpEx. I think that has to do with a couple of strategic expansions that the company has done, multiple verticals, moving in payments. But that is actually linked to your previous question. That will help drive future growth for the company. So that's actually a good thing. But as we have said, we are targeting to lower the growth of fixed OpEx from 2025 onwards. And you will see more operating leverage from that over the next few years. So this year, we'll still have some end finalization of some of the investments, for example, about some of the tech platforms. But then for next year, you will see more operating leverage coming in from all of those investments we have been making. 
Ewout Steenbergen: With respect to your first question, room nights dynamics in the first quarter. So positives here compared to our original guidance for the first quarter were the fact that the booking window was expanding and that we're able to pull some room night bookings from the second quarter into the first quarter, healthy demand in Europe, and Europe was stronger than we anticipated, as we mentioned before, and less of an impact from the Middle East. And you saw excluding the Middle East impact, actually, the result was exactly the same. So there was no material impact from the Middle East. Easter was a negative, a small negative. But that was, of course, anticipated in the guidance that we provided before. 
Ewout Steenbergen: So let me first take the second part of the question in terms of alternative and traditional accommodations. We're actually not so much separating in our thinking one versus the other because we believe that our unique proposition is that we're putting both in the same way on our platforms because it is an artificial separation as we are seeing many consumers are looking for both. They want to alternate -- look at different alternatives. They want to compare. And often, if they start to look for a traditional hotel, they maybe end up with an apartment they want to rent as an alternative accommodation or the other way around. So actually, the way we look at it is we think it's actually really strong to bring all of these propositions together and have a really a combined offering to our traveler customers. 
Glenn Fogel: So why don't I say the first part, Mark, and I'll let Ewout talk a little bit about -- I think we gave away that -- a very generic term. I'll let him repeat it. So look, we are pleased with what we're doing with our marketing programs all around everything. And you know, Mark, we've talked about this for many, many years. We view this all holistically. And we're always looking for what is the best use of the money, what's the best way to put it to work. And when we find things that work, we put more into it. When we find things that actually are not incremental and are actually duplicative, we pull it out and say, well, let's not spend the money there.  And that's really what we've been doing. And I'm not going to get into specific things because, obviously, it's competitively -- a competitive advantage to have these things are better. But I definitely, definitely love the fact that we are producing some very nice ROIs on our marketing programs. It's really a lot of hard work by a lot of people. So I'm going to going to shout out to them because I know they've done some really good work. And Ewout, do you want to give a -- repeat what we've already said once? But go ahead. 
Glenn Fogel: Thanks, Justin. I kind of missed the second part. Let me start with the first part, and then let Ewout pick it up on the other. So regional mix. And one of the things that we've been talking about for some years because of the pandemic. The issue has been depending on when the pandemic was in its worst parts and then people coming out of it, definitely impacted how we're doing different regional ways. So as we talked in the last year's calls -- calls last year, we talked about how Asia had been behind in coming out, but of course, we're getting a good comp because they were farther behind. And now we're still benefiting from some of that. The U.S., if you recall, came out first. So of course, we had a harder comp, so to speak, when we're looking last year.  But one of the things I've said, though, in terms of regional mix and one of the things, as you know, we are very strong in Europe. You also know that I have prioritized that we should be better in the U.S. And that is something we have been spending money, time, energy. And I'm really pleased, I've mentioned a couple of times in our previous calls, how well we have performed in the U.S. going back to pre-pandemic numbers. And it's just wonderful to see that the effort that we've put to work is actually producing results. We are going to continue to put priority in the U.S. I said that.  And one of the areas where I think we've done extremely well, in our alternative accommodations. As you know, we have a very strong alternative accommodation on a global basis, but I've also talked in the past about us being a little bit further behind in the U.S. in alternative accommodations, particularly in types of properties that I think will be helpful in the U.S. And we are making good progress, and we're improving the product. And it's giving you the reason that people have supply, the people who own the homes are willing to come now and put them onto our platform, too.  And you've seen some of our marketing, where we've been mentioning more about the alternative accommodations. All those things together are things the reason I believe we have a great opportunity to continue to increase our share in the U.S. and so I'm looking forward to. Ewout, I'll let you pick the rest because I didn't catch the second part. 
Glenn Fogel: Doug, we don't give away numbers in our Genius membership. We don't talk about how many are in different tiers. I can say, though, how pleased I am and how the whole program continues to grow. And that's why we're continuing to expand, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks about we are now testing additional verticals, flights, attractions. The idea is that to give more value to the traveler, but it also provides a great opportunity for our supplier partners to get incremental demand when they need it. It's really a symbiotic relationship here. We're working together with our partners to both increase the value of our business but also increase the value of their business.  Genius is not something somebody has to do. A partner decides to participate and decides how they want to participate because they believe they are actually getting true value out of that. And we're going to continue to experiment with it in terms of different ways, and sometimes we'll even put value in ourselves to make sure that we are providing the best alternative for any traveler. They should come to us and then they start to come back.  And we talked about that in my prepared remarks about -- Ewout just mentioned it, too. As people get more value, as they get a benefit, they see the reason to come back. And then they come back not only again and again more frequently, but it's the coming back to rep. And that's the great thing. And I see this as another reason. I love Ewout using the term. I think he said flywheeling. I use flywheel. It's the same thing. It's the idea that giving more value will get people to come back more often, and that is something I see great opportunity for us. And I'll let Ewout talk a little bit about the low single digit for the U.S., any more comments he wanted to make on that. 
Glenn Fogel: Brian, a couple of interesting things about that question. And it's interesting when you said online, you kind of limited to online. I just had the benefit of looking at a research report by -- an industry report that talked about how much business there is that's not online yet and seeing that, saying, wow, this is still a tremendous opportunity for us. I'm speaking specifically about U.S.  But directly to your question, so you're right. We've been doing a lot of things, and I would say they all have worked out fairly well given the numbers, the share that we have increased over the time, again, going to pre-pandemic. And I love the way we're doing, the way it keeps going. And we're going to continue to grind it out. And I've talked about it. I've used that word a number of types in previous calls, about we're grinding it out, just doing incremental changes that are getting us a little bit more. And it continues to grow on itself. But I think your question more is, is there going to be something down the road that is going to be transformational instead of just incremental? And I believe that is possible. I believe the things that we are doing with AI, the things that we can do with technology, the way we can do it, so it really is different. And I think I hear your question a little bit of is there enough differentiation between us and our competitors. And I believe over time, we will be doing that. And I believe the things that we can build will make it different. And I talk about how -- the frustration that travelers have nowadays.  So even though it's become so much better than it used to be, it's still not good enough. And I believe the use of AI, particularly gen AI, and what I'm seeing through, I'm seeing testing and things that are being done, I believe that over the next few years, it will become much better because of these technological advancements. Our job is to make sure we get it out fast, and we are able to provide it to both sides of the marketplace, to our supplier partners and our travelers, such that they see the value and they continue to come back. And then we begin. I love it. I'm going to be using flywheeling from now on. 
Glenn Fogel: ADR by regions, James, in the first quarter, what we have seen is ADRs were up in Europe and were flat in North America and in Asia. So therefore, on a constant currency basis, 1% overall growth in ADRs as we have reported today. 
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So it's low numbers of people who are using in such, and we're continuing to develop and learn all the time the interactions to see how people are using it. So it's a very small number of people compared to the number of people who use our services, but we are continuing to advance it.  And I agree with you. This has tremendous potential down the road. And I think a lot of people believe that, too. In fact, it's very hard to read any article about generative AI and not have in the first paragraph the use case of travel. It's always right there because we all see how complex the number of permutations, trying to understand what is the best way to do it. And using gen AI to simplify it, it's really something that I believe will make a huge difference, albeit it's going to take time. You're not going to see tremendous changes over the next couple of quarters.  But I do believe, over time, this will create a much better way for people to do their planning, their booking, executing and helping them when they are in destination, which is a really important thing because nobody goes on travel so they can sit it in the hotel. They want to do stuff. And we want to be able to provide that, too, and bring, as I said, about all the elements we've talked about, all the initiatives into one holistic system that enable it to be a better experience for our traveler customers. I believe that just has tremendous opportunity for us. 
Glenn Fogel: So on attractions -- and it's a good question to ask because we haven't talked about it a lot in the past. Attractions is mostly supplied through third parties. So we have arrangements with companies like Viator, or a Klook or Musement. And we get the supply that way. In addition -- and we don't talk about this much at all either. We also have FareHarbor, which if you may recall, we acquired that. Think of it as the OpenTable for small- and medium-sized attractions because it's a good loop into those attractions.  We have priorities though. We can be anything, but we can't be everything, and we definitely can't be everything all at once. So the priorities have been to get the flight stuff up, get that one. It's the biggest thing, get that going well first. And then we have making sure that we have the ground transportation to make sure all that stuff is -- now our people have attraction. They also want to have a lot of emphasis, too, and they are doing a great job building that, and we've talked a little bit about that.  And that's going to come in as part of the overall connected trip because as you point out, people don't generally book their attractions far, far in advance. In fact, a lot of them want to book it when they're actually in destination, and that's why I love the fact of the increased amount of use of our app because that's like having your travel agent in your pocket and be able to -- we're able to send them great offers, great ideas where they go right to it, checks on the app and can they get something better.  And that's why we're bringing that into our Genius program for people to have an attraction business and want to get that incremental demand. We can push something to a customer who's in destination and give us on -- bring them to that particular supplier. All over, it's a tremendous opportunity down the road. We have yet to even really scratch the possibilities with that, and that's just another reason why I see just tremendous opportunity for us as we continue to roll on. 
Glenn Fogel: In terms of quality -- and I'd like to think that the inventory we have is high quality, obviously comes at different price points. It's a complete range. And you may not be surprised that lower-priced things may not be as luxurious the higher-priced things. And I think we cover the gamut, but we don't have enough of certain types in certain areas. And I've talked about this before. We're entering close to the summer, and I look at -- I live in the New York metropolitan area. And I'm looking, do we have enough of these high-end homes in the Hamptons? And I don't think we do. If I look at some of our competitors, I see more.  I look at that as opportunity for us, though, because we're doing so well. Yes, we don't have all the different types of accommodations and the quantity that I want to have in that. It's great that we are as big as we are, but I absolutely see no reason we shouldn't be significantly bigger throughout every geographical area. Look, our base was Europe. So we are very, very competitive. We have great inventory, all types there. But I've talked about the U.S., and that's an area we continue to do more work. And I mentioned earlier, I see us making great progress there. 
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So yes, and we definitely have -- you're not surprised of the fact that it's easier to get more inventory when you go to some of the managers who have significant number of the inventory you're looking for. And those multi-property managers are the place where we definitely assume more business. And we have not, until very recently, really spent a lot of time trying to do it in the low -- trying to go for individuals and trying to bring them in, too.  There's no doubt, though, over time, we have to make sure to make an effort to everybody. And that means being sure that we are providing a platform that a supplier really likes to use. And I saw something recent. Just to give you an example, turns out that until fairly recently, it was hard for some of our big managers to be able to reconcile the payments with individual properties. And we improved that significantly recently. And that's the reason, it was, okay, now I'll do that. And I can go through a whole bunch of different individual things that, well, by themselves may not be so big. As a whole, they end up saying, yes, I will now be more than happy to get incremental demand from Booking.com because I find it easy and helpful.  If somebody is going to make business to make money, you definitely never want to have your property empty. That's 0 revenue. You're never going to get back. That inventory expires. So that's why people are always looking to try and get more demand. As long as we provide them with demand and we provide them with a platform that they find easy and helpful, they will come to us.  In regards to the summer and things like Paris and the Olympics, stuff like that, it's always a mystery what's going to happen with the Olympics. So I've been here now 24 years. So I've been through a whole bunch of Olympics and thought it was going to be -- this is what's going to happen and then something else happens. Here's the big point. Let's not concentrate too much on one individual event to last for a couple of weeks.  I continue to say the important way to view value in this company in the long run. What have we done? What have we done over the last 24 years here? Continue to increase the value, bring in more customers and more suppliers and continue to produce more cash flow for our investors. That's the way we've done in the past and what we did in the past. And as far as how the Paris Olympics go, I really -- I can guess, but my guess is as good as yours. And I don't think that's something that I'd spend a lot of time worrying about. 
Glenn Fogel: We don't disclose much more and giving you these regional growth rates. We don't go any further than that in terms of detail. And I don't think we'll be starting that right now. I understand your reason for asking, but for reason of competitiveness and such, we're not going to break this down any further than that. 
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees, our shareholders, and I especially want to thank Ewout for joining the team. Ewout, thank you very much. We greatly appreciate everyone's support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you, and good night. 
