Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. So maybe I'll take the second question and Dan can handle the first. With respect to the increased brand spend, an important part of that is a new advertising campaign for Booking.com here in the United States. Booking's product has enjoyed good growth and consumer acceptance, and we're very, very happy to be increasing our investment in building its market position and supporting that growth. There's no end (19:13) new market that represents a significant portion of that increased spend.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. Again, maybe I'll answer the second question and then Dan can take the first. Our board, as we said in our public disclosures, is commencing a search straightaway for a long-term successor to me as Interim CEO. We don't have a prediction as to how long that will take, but I think folks can use their common sense to come to some concept of what a search for a position like this could take in terms of time. In terms of the type of person that we're looking for, obviously, we need to have a person who has broad experience and a demonstrated track record of success in managing large global organizations, where technology is a very important part of the business, and where they have demonstrated their ability to deal with changing market conditions successfully.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you, Mark. So, we gave statistics with respect to the increase in the number of properties, vacation properties. In terms of our inventory, those types of properties are growing faster than inventory overall, so the share of available properties is increasing. I want everybody to keep in mind that the number of rentable rooms or units per property for these kinds of accommodations is usually a lot smaller than a typical hotel, and that's something that we've been pointing out now for years. The growth rates that we're seeing with respect to these properties are attractive. They're definitely helping deliver the kind of 31% year-over-year room night growth that we saw in the first quarter and as I said in my prepared remarks, we view this sector of the market as a very important source of growth for the business going forward, and our aim here, really, with respect to not just vacation properties but other non-hotel accommodations, is to build the inventory substantially, provide a dynamic booking experience that is superior to any other alternative in the marketplace for these kinds of accommodations and a customer service and customer experience that is consistent with what we've been providing for customers for years and what's made us a leading player in the space. So, I think we couldn't be more enthusiastic about these types of accommodations and we couldn't be more convinced that the product that we're building and the service that we're providing is better than anything else out there in the marketplace.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. So, Justin, in terms of the increase in brand spend in Q2, I think typically in this business and more specifically in the United States because of the way demand for travel ramps up, your brand advertising spend usually is heaviest in the first half going into the early part of the third quarter. And then it sort of tends to trend down. So, I think the ramp-up in spending for brand advertising at least in this market is consistent with demand trends. And again, we have a very profitable hotel business that allows us to make these kinds of investments in marketing. And as you know, we have a very strong culture of metric driven management. So you can expect us to look very carefully at the returns on the brand investments to make sure that it's paying off in terms of strengthening our brand and driving traffic to the website. With respect to the market conditions, I think that we all have seen over the last year since the financial crisis what has been essentially a very fragile economic recovery that's been characterized by periods of apparent strength followed by periods of apparent weakness, whether it's driven by headline risk associated with sovereign debt crisis or other political considerations and more recently oil prices. To me, some of the weakness that we're seeing is essentially consistent with the fragility of the economic situation that we've experienced over the long-term. But as Dan mentioned, we have seen in industry statistics at a minimum a deceleration of increasing average daily rates for hotels in a lot of markets around the world. And in our case, what we've seen is on a constant currency basis a reduction, a slight reduction in ADRs for the first time in a long time as well as Dan also mentioned increases in cancellations in certain markets. And so, we wanted to flag that for investors as something that's a component of our forward-looking guidance for top line growth
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think that our emphasis and the lion's share of our business really comes more from page search than it does from organic search in the travel space in particular. KAYAK and OpenTable may get more business from organic channels but in the OTA space in the Group, it's typically much more of a page search channel than it is an SEO channel.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Ken, on the ADR side, no significant impact on our overall blended ADRs from our increasing share of vacation rentals. And it's still fairly early days in the vacation rental space and we've got teams of people at Booking.com that are continuing to innovate and grow that business. Right now, it's mostly through property managers but we are going to continue to add properties there and we're looking to make our tools easier for single property owners to also be able to participate. So we're going to continue to advance there, but right now it's mostly property managers.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. So, Lloyd, thank you for those questions. In terms of online brand spend, that's something that has grown in brands around the Group in the last couple of years. And it does provide the opportunity for different ways of measuring effectiveness, and at least in our view, in some cases more effective ways to measure the effectiveness of your brand spend. So, I'm actually very optimistic that moving of brand spend to those channels has the potential to help us drive better long-term returns on investment on our brand spending. But at this point in time it's not being measured like performance-based advertising, where you're looking at the same session, unit economics divided by cost per click kind of thing. It's just not those kind of measurements, and so I don't want to represent that we are or ultimately will be looking at it the same way. But I think it bodes well for our ability to better manage our brand spending over time. With respect to, from a higher level, the changes that we're seeing in the space, I think that I continue to be very impressed by the size and the scope of the opportunity that The Priceline Group and others in our space have in front of us. Year after year, good execution is rewarded when demand goes to new distribution channels. When you look at the importance of two businesses that you just mentioned in terms of sources of demand, YouTube and Facebook and others, it's an opportunity for companies that can execute quickly and well to diversify and build on their demand. I also continue to be impressed by how attractive the global nature of the business is and the scale that we've developed, and in particular Booking.com has developed, that just gives us an opportunity in markets around the world to build really big businesses despite the turmoil that characterizes not only the world economy but the political situation around the world. And one thing that has impressed me about this business since I started running it as Chief Operating Officer of priceline.com in late 2000 is the resiliency of our businesses in the face of some of these challenges, which is not to say that we don't see the impact of terrorism or financial crisis. We absolutely see it. The economic cycles do affect our business, but time after time after time they recover quickly and they build because of the very substantial tailwinds that we have benefiting us in terms of movement of this activity from offline channels to online channels, the growth of economic activity and middle-class spending in emerging markets around the world and finally the ability of our talented teams around the world to improve the edge we have in trying to drive demand in these channels. I hope that's responsive to your question.
Jeffery H. Boyd: No, I don't think that the deceleration that we're pointing to here has really anything to do with competitive factors in the marketplace. We obviously have a number of brands that are out there, and I think it's fair to say that not each one of them has the exact same competitive strength and positioning, but as we look at the share of the business that we're getting from major distribution channels, we feel very comfortable that we're holding or gaining share. When we look at what's happening in alternative accommodations, and particularly the growth that Airbnb is advertising in the marketplace, I personally think that represents an opportunity for us because we're in a position to build our business in that space and to drive very substantial demand to those properties to convert them with an experience that's great for the customer and profitable for us. So, I view that as a net substantial positive in terms of marketplace conditions for the Group.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. Thank you. With respect to branding and branding spend in the United States, I would start off by saying that we are very pleased with the progress that Booking.com has made in building its business and in building its brand in the United States. From time to time, we've given some insight into what our overall growth rate is in the United States and we're not providing that color today, but I will say that we are pleased with the absolute and relative rates of growth of the Booking.com business here in the United States. We were very pleased with the results of the original brand launch on television of Booking.com in the United States and saw a demonstrable impact in terms of not just awareness, but also the business and ultimately the total cost that we experienced to drive customers as a whole were attractive to us. As to why brand spending versus performance-based marketing, in the United States it's a different market than international markets. First of all, our competition has very substantial share of voice on television. And if you don't participate, you are conceding awareness and ultimately demand to your competition. And when you think about the size of the U.S. market in terms of population and the travel market, and the fact that it's a homogeneous market that you can advertise to with one campaign across the country, it really makes sense to have brand advertising here. And I think that strategy is spot on. And as we said in our prepared remarks, having a push associated with the new campaign is not something that's going to happen every quarter of every year, but we think it's a solid and sound strategy to continue to build awareness for our brand, which today, research is available everywhere under indexes in terms of awareness with other major travel brands in the space. In terms of OpenTable and their plans to expand internationally, I think I said in my prepared remarks that there's a technology job to do in terms of revisions to their tech platform that make international expansion easy versus having to build a new platform in every different country, and that work is underway. And I think once it's completed, we'll be in a better position to essentially build on the international footprint that we have as a Group in helping OpenTable bring its product overseas. I'll mention that they have done some work in Australia on a preliminary basis to try to understand what the potential impact of that is. And while it's very small and very early days, we think it's showing us that this strategy is the right strategy to help build out the brand.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Why don't I do the second one and Dan will do the first. With respect to the major hotel chains, a couple of things to keep in mind. First is, just say at the outset that our relationships with hotels in particular and with the hotel chains is an important part of who we are as a Group that we have a traditional supply of friendliness of bringing demand to our hotel partners at very low distribution costs. And in particular because of the international footprint of our business, we uniquely can provide access to demand around the world that even the most sophisticated chains cannot access themselves because they don't have the functionality, the language capabilities or the distribution capabilities that we have on a global basis. So, we're providing a little bit of a different and, and at least in my judgment, more valuable service to our hotel partners really than anybody else in this space. With respect to their efforts to drive traffic directly to their website, it's understandable. They have a strong desire to strengthen their brands, and we understand that. On the other hand, we believe our customers are entitled to competitive pricing and the best availability that is out there for intermediaries, because we provide the largest business to most of the hotels that we work with. So, we try to maintain that balance. I think people should keep in mind that the share of business that The Priceline Group does with the chains is relatively small. It's not like it used to be for Priceline when the chains for the U.S. business were such a major part of the whole. It's really a much smaller part of the business. And ultimately for any hotel that wants to maximize the benefit they get from working with our brands, the most important things are going to be their pricing, their content, their availability, the competitiveness of the offer that we can show to our customers.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Stephen (51:18), I don't think we have any particular comment to make about the relative strength or weakness of outbound APAC. I think the performance of the business in APAC in general has been consistent with our expectations. The only regional comment I would make there is that inbound travel, international travel to China, has continued to be under pressure for primarily pollution reasons, honestly, more than anything else. And in terms of hotel quality, I don't have a comment to make to you there.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And then as far as geographic mix goes, Tom, what I said in my prepared comments was for Q1 and Q2, we're happy with the growth we're seeing across all of our key geographic regions, and that's been the case for quite a while now. So, we've got regions other than Europe growing faster than our consolidated gross rate, typically. Europe, growing a little bit slower, but still posting really solid growth rates. So, the shift in mix amongst regions has been pretty gradual. The impact of EURO CUP has been – we've seen that in the past as well, and typically what happens, it's the last two weeks of June and the first two weeks of July. So, at the outset, when all the teams are still playing, people are paying attention to the tournament and not necessarily booking travel. As their teams get knocked out and the tournament wraps up, typically people will then book their summer vacation. They're not going to forego their vacation, but it may impact the timing of when they book it. And in terms of Ramadan, we've seen impacts every year. We have a big business in the Middle East and Asia Pacific region. It moves 10 days earlier, and so this year we have 10 extra days in the month of June. Typically at the outset of Ramadan we see a slowing in bookings as Muslims are observing Ramadan, and then at the end of Ramadan we see an uptick in travel, which is beneficial for our business. And that was in July last year and will be in July again this year.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And on performance advertising, Eric, our approach is consistent with the way we've always handled it. So we're looking to bring traffic to the website at a reasonable return on investment. We've had several years, I guess since the middle of 2012, where we've been under pressure with that metric, and now we've had a few quarters in a row where we've seen ROIs pretty solid – without categorizing them as better or worse than prior year, pretty neutral. So, much better than the trend we'd before that. For going forward, I feel good about our ability to compete in these variable channels with the number of properties we've got available on our website, the breadth and depth of selection. The work that our marketing teams do to continuously innovate and become more sophisticated in the way we compete within these channels, and then the great work that our front end teams do also to continuously improve conversion on our websites and mobile platforms. Those all are good competitive advantages as we compete in that marketplace.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Hi, Doug. So, the growth rate in Q1 at 31% was clearly not sustainable. If you look at the growth we posted for Q1 together with the midpoint that we've guided to for Q2 and kind of average them out, you'd come to about a 25% growth rate year-to-date, which is the growth that we posted for all of 2015. So, I feel pretty good if we can check the box of getting halfway through this year with no deceleration versus last year. When we were asked a lot of questions last quarter about why are you growing so much faster, what are you doing differently, did you figure something out? We said the good news was no, we think that we're just continuing to perform well and the market is healthy. I think that's also the case with what we're seeing now in Q2. We're continuing to perform well. From data that we can monitor, we think that our share in variable channels is stable. The share of business going to us direct is stable. So, I think the growth for Q1 was not sustainable. The growth we've seen thus far in Q2 I categorized in my prepared remarks as I consider it to be strong growth. And as we typically do, we assume that our growth will decelerate as we move through the quarter. We have the couple of external factors with EURO CUP and Ramadan that we're calling out for the month of June, which has caused us to build maybe a little bit more conservatism in, or I'll call it that actually it just reflects the fact that we think that's going to negatively impact our growth for that month.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And just to add on one other point there, Justin, with the ADR decline, I pointed out that mix is also impacting that. So we're seeing strong travel to Russia and APAC's strong as a destination. Those are typically at lower than our average ADRs. We're seeing some weakness in markets like France impacted by terrorism, which is a higher ADR market. So mix is also contributing to that trend in our financials.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Hi, Naved. We didn't call anything out in the prepared remarks because there's really no change from what we said last quarter. So, given the relative size of TripAdvisor to our business, we haven't seen any significant impact to our numbers.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And, Heath, in terms of the EBITDA over-performance in Q1, we typically don't manage our brand spending that way, so we don't say, okay, we over-performed, therefore let's just churn a lot more money into advertising. Our performance advertising approach has been very consistent over many years now. It's consistent in Q1 and Q2 with what it has been in the past. In terms of the brand advertising, timing was more in Q2 than Q1 based upon when the campaigns were available to roll for Booking.com and for priceline.com. It was a strategic decision to hold back a little bit on running the campaign until we were further along with the tech platform relaunch. So, we're trying to spend what we think is the right amount to build our brands for the long-term rather than overspending because we had some over-performance in EBITDA in a quarter.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yes, so we're not going to quantify the Ramadan and EURO CUP impact. But I will say growth is strong thus far out of the gate and we typically then assume that growth will decelerate as we move through the quarter given the size of the business. There's no change in our approach there, and then we factored in a, what I would say overall for the quarter, is a relatively small impact related to the two specific issues. And then the brand spending, what we said is that the deleverage in Q2, almost half of it is driven by a combination of the Easter shift in timing and the increase in brand spend. So you can get a pretty good idea on what that amount is by doing the math.
Daniel J. Finnegan: No. Nothing to call out, Brian. I mean, it pretty much tracks the footprint of our business. So we're adding vacation rentals in all of our markets, principally in Europe, which is our biggest market. So nothing I would call out there that's noteworthy.
