Daniel J. Finnegan: I would highlight that the comp is particularly difficult. So that factors into the deceleration relative to the prior year and our guide. And as Glenn said, our approach in the paid channels is consistent with what it's always been. So, nothing that I would call out there.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Well, we did specifically say, Eric, in the prepared remarks that we are expecting that we'll see continued pressure on ROIs in Q3. So that is built into the forecast. And we didn't talk about our expectations for channel share, so we'll probably update you on that when we report the quarter.
Daniel J. Finnegan: No, Doug, nothing in terms of the mix. So we had a few quarters there where you were seeing pressure on that metric, gross profit as a percentage of gross bookings. And we said that there was a modest underlying pressure on take rates; things like Agoda, experimenting with discounting in their markets. But fundamentally, take rate is down and more what we were seeing was just a difference in timing between when bookings were occurring and stays were occurring. And when we have accelerating growth or strong growth as we had in the end of last year, in the first quarter of this year, the gross bookings grow faster than the gross profit. We also had the added impact of Easter shifting out of Q1 last year and into Q2 this year. And so now, we're getting the benefit of that in Q2, just a higher growth in checkouts relative to gross bookings. We're forecasting the same phenomena for Q3. But I would say underlying that is a similar level of what I would call very modest pressure on underlying take rates.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Let me start off and then Glenn can talk about our approach to advertising. But fundamentally, what you're seeing there, Heath, is that deceleration in the top line. So we're getting the benefit of checkouts in Q2 from Easter and just from strong growth in gross bookings in prior quarters. And we had some deceleration in the room night growth, and so there's less advertising spend coming through to drive those bookings. But the fundamental ROI pressure there underlying, that is similar to what we saw in the quarters before.
Daniel J. Finnegan: In terms of the advertising phasing, that's determined by our marketing teams and they determined that they weren't going to spend as much in Q2 as they had initially thought, and now they are going to spend it instead in Q3. So nothing specific that I'd call out there, Mark, other than that the marketing team's at the helm in deciding how they want to deploy the advertising. On meta-search, we've seen that it's a channel that's gained traction with travelers over the years, and so we saw momondo as a great acquisition that we could add into the KAYAK fold, and help build the scale of that business. We like having a meta-search business in the Group, and we like having an even bigger meta-search business. We think that's even a better position to be in. It was just a very natural fit between the two brands in various markets across Europe, so KAYAK is strong in some markets, momondo is strong in others. And so, we're really excited about the two businesses working together to maximize the opportunity in our meta-search platform going forward.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Hey, Lloyd. So, as it relates to booking window, we're seeing steady expansion in the booking window. So that trend continues and we are also seeing more bookings coming at last minute because of mobile. So that trend has continued. I wouldn't call it just bookings coming in the early part of the year and then late in summer over mobile. But I'd just say in general, we're seeing that trend. In terms of non-advertising OpEx, in the prepared remarks, I said more than half of the deleverage forecasted for Q3 is attributable to non-advertising OpEx, so that will give you a sense for the sizing. And I said also that it's likely we would have a similar level of deleverage from non-advertising OpEx in Q4 as those investments flow through the pipeline. We still feel good that over the long-term based upon the growth of our business and the past track record where we have been able to deliver leverage in non-advertising OpEx that we can make investments in the business, generally speaking, in the long-term, without having deleverage in that line item. But in the short-term here, we talked about the type of areas where we're investing. We are investing for future growth.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And I'd just add to that, Glenn, the track record for Booking.com over the years has been very good, that we bring customers in, new customers through paid channels and we win them over as loyal customers over time by giving them a great experience. The downside of these loyalty point programs is that you end up paying for your direct customers, a fairly significant amount of money in addition to having to pay to acquire new customers. And so there's a balance there. Even if you do get a higher percentage of direct, it's not direct that you're not paying for.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So that pressure on pricing and Agoda doing some discounting is one of the things that's driving that modest pressure on take rate. And then besides that, we've called out in the past the level to which change participate in preferred placement programs at Booking.com can also have a modest impact. Those would be the two principal drivers.
Daniel J. Finnegan: No, no real change in that. I think we – our relations with the big chains is very strong. They are great partners for us. And I think we're a great partner for them. We bring them a lot of demand. We're one of the lower cost distribution channels out there. So we continue to work well with the chains and their business with us continues to grow nicely.
Glenn D. Fogel: And in the overall strategy, I would say there's been no change in strategy. We're always looking for a balance between growth and profit, and you've seen how we've done this for many, many years. I've been here now 17.5 years, and I think we've been fairly consistent and we'll continue to be consistent. And in terms of the amount of money we're going to put to marketing, that's a function of that. And it depends on ROIs and what kind of returns we're going to be able to get is going to help determine how much money we're going to spend, and even more so where we're going to spend it. And as I've mentioned a couple of times now, but I'll repeat it because it's very important, that we're going to spend the money, and no matter what the marketing channel is, that's going to give us the optimal return for the long run. And that's important.
Glenn D. Fogel: Okay. So the first question about direct, and we don't really talk about what the rate of people who come to us are direct or not. And there's nothing that I'll call out that's different or any of that. It's just what I will say is – and you've seen this over many, many years and Dan's pointed this out several times, about increasing pressure in certain parts of the marketing channels, ROIs going down, and you can see CPCs going up on certain paid channels. So of course everybody always wants to get as many customers as possible to come to you direct, not have to pay for the marketing, and that's just exasperated (sic) [exacerbated] when the cost of getting a new customer is more expensive. So, nothing really new there, still trying the best. How we are going to do that is the same way we've always been doing it, but even more so. And that's providing all the things that we talk about each time we go on the call, which is making sure we have the greatest breadth of accommodations. That choice, and making sure there's everything available, is very important to the consumer when they come to our site. You have to have the inventory and to make sure that you've got the best price, because if you don't have the best price, they are going to go somewhere else. And once they do that, once they are okay with that, you want to make sure they have the easiest way to go through the process, whether it be on our desktop, or our mobile apps, or whatever form it may be down the road, is the most efficient, easiest, most frictionless way possible. And then, as I've pointed out before, at the end of the day, it's unfortunate but true. Sometimes, things go wrong for people, and many times it's nobody's fault, it's just something that's gone wrong in the person's travels, and we want to be there to be able to provide them with that assistance, which is why we do it 24 hours, seven days a week in so many different languages. We have 43 languages on our Booking.com site. Doing all those things is what helps promote loyalty, and we're going to keep on doing that to get those people. So when they think about they're going to travel, they need an accommodation on Booking.com, or they're thinking of getting a car rental from Rentalcars.com, or they need a reservation at a restaurant, they go to OpenTable. Whatever part of our Group, we want to make sure that the first thing they think is coming to us, and by providing a great service, that's how we're going to be able to do it. And your last question about Europe. While it's true we are probably the biggest player in Europe in accommodations, and it's – I would not say us to be a small player, I would still say relative to the total amount of accommodations in Europe, it's not a large share. And that's just a tremendous opportunity for us to continue to build that out. And it's not just Europe, but of course throughout the world. And as I said before, there's a lot of road left for us.
Glenn D. Fogel: Sure. In regards to your first, the answer is no change in the way we do guidance. Regarding the competitors and what I meant by that, let me give a little more color to that. So while I think many of you recognize that Asia is a great opportunity in the travel industry because a lot of people are becoming first time travelers, GDP per capita goes up and people become wealthy enough to travel, they want to travel right away. So that's great. Lots of growth there and you see it in many different ways and shapes and form (33:46). But, one thing that we have seen and this is over the two decades almost that I've been looking on the Internet is that when you have very strong growth opportunities, you have a lot of players come in. And the players come in with a lot of capital. And it's very much a type of trying to grab – it's a land grab. People trying to get share as quickly as possible, build up brand awareness, build up their name and try and get customers. And one of the ways they do this is raising capital and giving it away to customers, so, essentially discounting or other practices to try and build that business quickly as they can. That's the competitive scenario. If you look at prices for accommodations in Asia, it is one of the most competitive places in the world. And that makes it more difficult for public companies that have certain desires to hit profitability levels versus a private company perhaps that isn't constrained the same way and goes out and raise capital and then gives it away in the marketplace to the consumer with discount and in fact at a loss type accommodations. That makes it more difficult. That's why I'm so happy with the guys at Agoda, who using all their technology and machine learning and pricing and doing it appropriately to compete effectively, to continue to grow, even though I won't say that they are competing with one hand tied behind their back but I'll say they have a more difficult challenge, and that's what I was referring to.
Glenn D. Fogel: So, I will say one of the great things about this company, this Group, and one of the things that's helped make it to this level of success that it has is willingness to experiment. And we experiment in many, many different ways, including bringing in different products on to different company websites and see how they perform. And when they become successful, we will then do more of that and if it's not successful, we'll just give it away. Some of you may have seen some experimentation we're doing at Booking.com regarding some flight things with KAYAK and we'll continue to experiment. Beyond that, there's not much to add except the fact that it is very successful, we'll do more of it. If it's not successful, we'll stop.
Glenn D. Fogel: So, it's true. Booking.com has its Genius program, which I believe you're familiar with, and Agoda has a different program to get theirs and OpenTable does loyalty program a different way that all of them. End of the day, though, more than anything in terms of loyalty is providing a great experience and the best price overall. One of the things that we have a mission, it's – the mission is to help experience the world. And to enable people to help experience the world, that means giving them a great experience. And part of that starts right when you start exploring what you're going to do, where you're going to do it, how much it's going to cost. And we've been perfecting the way people are able to book their travel needs for many, many years. And we think that overall, that's more important than anything. Yes, you have to have the best price. And yes, some people, for example, frequent flyers who are known as Points Junkies, who only fly one airline for example to get their points, yes, there is a niche for that. And we have a small company in the Group called Rocketmiles that does something like that. But for the big picture for us is making sure that we have the absolute best product out there, providing it day in, day out with the best customer service. And I will point to some people, who aren't competitors but companies that I admire and look them as a reference. And one right off the bat would be Amazon. And Amazon, through the things that they have done has produced great loyalty. Why? Because it's an absolute great experience. It's a great way to get products you need at great price. And we have no shame in saying we'd like to do things like they do which is doing things the right way all the time as opposed to trying to buy loyalty by just giving away a product.
Glenn D. Fogel: Yes, again, we don't want to divide up how we're going to split up the money in different geographies in terms of where's brand, how much paid, et cetera. But I think it's important to repeat again, we look at all of our marketing spend holistically. We're always looking for the best return. And we don't care what form it comes from. We just want to get that best result. So yes, we do in the numbers for you and when Dan prepares everything, you see a line item that has your performance stuff. But the marketing people, they're looking at everything holistically, and they're not told, oh you can only spend this amount on brand and this amount on performance, at all.
Glenn D. Fogel: Right. So, going to go in a little reverse order here. Everything regarding any form of AI, be it neural networks, machine learning, any form you want, very early innings in that area for everybody. I think 10 years from now, we're going to wonder, gee, it wasn't early innings, it's sort of like we're just warming up in the ballpark. So, that's a great opportunity down the road. Second thing, regarding our companies, we do give everybody a lot of independence, and that includes their data stores and data warehouses, they are not merged in any way, shape or form. But one of the successes of our company has been the sharing of knowledge, and that's allowing these data scientists to be able to get together at times – and actually all forms of our company in different areas get together from the different companies, and talk about what works, what doesn't work, and in that way we've been able, I think, to accelerate the Group's achievements no single company would possibly have been able to achieve on its own.
Glenn D. Fogel: I have not seen anything at this time that would be any sort of signaling that is material. With that being said, I have to admit I am not in the trenches with the people looking at what signals are gathering up. So I have to plead a little bit of ignorance in that, but I think we're okay in saying that there's nothing coming out yet that we need to announce a material improvement.
Glenn D. Fogel: Well, I don't have any data in front of me that would compare the average discounting Q2 versus Q1 or nail it down there. I would just say that we do see it, and it is a competitive issue that we have to deal with. And take rates, I'll let Dan...
