David Goulden: Okay, Brian. Thank you. Let me take the first one and then hand over to Glenn for the second one. So Yes, there are a few puts and takes, obviously, as we think about the entire year. To answer your question, we expect that our room night growth will be slightly lower than the low teens gross booking growth. we will get a little bit of help from FX. We will get a little bit of help from flights. But we think that across the year, as the ADR compare gets harder and we got more recovery in Asia that impacts geo mix, we will see a little bit of pressure on constant currency ADRs for the full year.
David Goulden: Mark, thank you. Just to add to comments. Relative to what we’re seeing in January, we saw obviously a nice improvement in the Asia region compared to Q4. That is not being driven by China. That’s been driven by the other markets in the Asia region. China is a small contributor to that improvement so far.
David Goulden: Yes. Lloyd, let me take the first part of that. So I think I kind of went through a little bit of this in the commentary, but there is a lot of numbers in the commentary with all the comparisons of versus last year versus 2019, etcetera. So relative to the 50 bps of improvement this year, essentially, the timing drag on take rates last year has basically gone – almost entirely gone away. So there was about a point of timing last year that goes away. And also, we get a little bit of an increase from payments as payment mix increases. The offsetting amount to those get you to the plus 50 is that we have continuing this year at the same level of merchandise we exited last year out, broadly speaking. So you get a year-on-year impact of merchandising that’s a negative and flight mix as well. So that’s how you get to the cap plus 50 improvement from last year. So to your question on 2024 though, the timing impact has really gone away at this point in time compared to 2019, a lot less, of course, growth rate change, much more than expected during the year. So essentially, there are puts and takes along the lines. The same thing I talked about, payments, merchandising, flights, etcetera. But we don’t expect major changes in the take rate level from where we are right now. You shouldn’t be modeling big changes in to take rates because we have some things helping and we have some things that are hurting, and they are generally going to offset each of that broadly speaking at this point in time.
David Goulden: Alright. Just let me take the EBITDA margin question first. So if we add a couple of points to where we are in ‘22 to ‘23, the drivers between that, the difference between that, the 39 points we were at in 2019, are basically a few things. One, we’re leaning in more relative to marketing and merchandising that we did in 2019, that’s very conscious to continue to gain share in the recovering market. We’ve got the mix of lower-margin business. We said that flights and payments will start to have an impact as they grow and they are making part of the difference. We’ve got some targeted OpEx investments in – when you look at our total OpEx expense vis-à-vis 2019, we’ve got DST and we’ve got FX. I mean, I don’t know their impact – rough order of impact. That’s how you kind of get to the 6 points of difference. So when you think about where we would go going forward from that, we do expect to be able to increase even the margins from this level. We’re not trying to get back to COVID, pre-COVID volume levels, I just want to be super clear, but we do think there is still some growth potential from where we are right now. And the drivers of that, if you think of the things I just mentioned, are the reasons we’re down below versus 2019 now. The drivers of that, that we think we can use to our advantage over time is that as our direct mix increases, we should be able to kind of lean in less in total to our margin spend. We may lean in to the same level in absolute terms on paid marketing, but paid market becomes a smaller part of the business. We do believe that over time, we can get more leverage on our fixed costs. But then we do expect to see continued pressure from the lower mix – from the higher mix of lower-margin businesses that will continue to grow. We believe that over the kind of medium term, we can still increase margins from where we are today into 2023. But again, not back to the 2019 levels.
David Goulden: Yes. Thank you. So summer bookings, yes. So we have seen, as I mentioned, the travel window – the booking window recover completely on a global basis. But actually, the booking window has now expanded a little bit in Europe and North America and still slowly was – or shortly was, I would say, in Asia. So that means that in Europe and North America, we’re seeing strong demand for short-term bookings but also for summer bookings. So we’re seeing the summer booking season shape up quite well. We’re not going to repeat on the book type metrics we talked about last year. We think they perhaps caused a better future, but more appropriate for a recovering environment, but you can see based upon the fact that we have strong growth in rents, we have now in those markets, slightly lengthened booking windows, strong growth in gross bookings, then obviously, that would certainly say subject to, obviously, the fact that things are cancelable and a high degree of our bookings are flexible, but it certainly looks like it’s shaping up to be a strong summer season for us.
David Goulden: Yes, if you look at year-on-year, then obviously, the comps get harder when we get past Q1, right? Q1 is going to be the easiest comp on a year-on-year basis. And the toughest quarter on a year-on-year basis will be Q2. because remember, we had that kind of early peak in travel bookings in the many time frame last year as we have – went through our non-linear recovery. We always said it would be a non-linear. So Q1 will be just comp. Q2 will be the toughest comp and Q3 and Q4 a little way between.
Glenn Fogel: Brian, why don’t I take the second one. Obviously, a lot of hype about AI right now, about generative AI. And I guess hike is a good word when we talk about are we on the Gartner hike cycle right now. I’m not sure – I don’t think we’re into that froth of dissolution yet. I think we’re still probably in the peak of inflated expectations, but there is no doubt this technology has seems to be accelerating all the time. And I think you may be limiting the question on those because it’s not just how is AI going to impact search down the road, it’s just AI in general. And we have been talking about this for some time always. I happened to be listening to our call from 3 years ago. And I talked about what we are doing – AI. I talked about our [indiscernible] center, I talked about the things we’re doing, how important it was to develop our machine learning capabilities and all the things that we do and Booking Holding’s using AI to improve the product, improve what we’re presenting to our customers, working with our partners better using AI. So there is a tremendous amount of interest, of course, in all these areas and some of the stuff we see is very interesting. But I think it’s going to take some time – but something – there is going to be major changes in your specific question about search, no doubt it’s going to make it better. In terms of your question, how are we going to be positioned for these changes, I think the best thing anybody could do is look back at the past. There is been lots of technology changes since we first started our business over 20 years ago. And as those changes happened, we adapted and developed. We did great when, for example, people went from just desktop to mobile. And we were very good coming out with these new AI machine learning tools to be able to predict what would be best for our customer. I would say that our capabilities are as good as anybody else’s and we will adapt and do very well with these new technologies. So I am confident in the future, and I am not scared, I’m actually encouraged by being able to use all of these new tools to provide a better service for both sides of the marketplace.
Glenn Fogel: Well, we want to increase our market share everywhere, of course. The reason we kept calling out the U.S., the U.S. very similar to Europe in many ways. And we had noticed how underindexed we were there. That’s not quite the same case when we look around the world, albeit in right now, except in China, which we noted. We do fairly well in a lot of parts of the world, but there is nothing that we pull out separately and say, hey, here’s another area where we’re going to really press hard to try and do better at. We’ve kind of do what we’ve been doing throughout the world for a long time, it’s gaining share everywhere.
Glenn Fogel: We don’t go regional in terms of your question there. We are not going to be talking about in the U.S. in terms of steps that you are asking for.
Glenn Fogel: No, I’m not going to be specific in terms of that. I just would say how pleased I am. We’ve been talking about it for some time on these calls about what we’re doing in the U.S. and gaining share and the reasons that we’re doing, how we’re doing it, and I’m just I’ll just reiterating how pleased we are to be able to do that, and we’re going to keep on grinding the way to continue to try and gain share.
Glenn Fogel: Regarding the alternative accommodation space, we are very pleased with what we’re doing in growing. And I mentioned in the prepared remarks some of the things that we did last year and I will repeat them all, but those are the things that we’re doing to make sure that partners, that suppliers, they want to put their properties on to our platform. And that’s the first thing. And having done that and doing that right now is that how do we get the awareness. So you noticed, for example, our Super Bowl ad, where we do include the non-hotel accommodation in that and make sure as we grow that branding throughout the year to make sure people are aware. It’s really – it’s not anything that is magic is making a product that people want to use and making a product that people who own properties want to put on our platform and then putting in the marketing to push it through. It has increased. It has not increased substantially over the years as our hotel product continues to fill rapidly too. We can have a big increase in this year of the trend of accommodations that we start growing [indiscernible] in the hotel area, but we are doing both. So that’s the point. And our thing is we know, and this is really important. We know customers come to our site, come to our app. They start a one type of property. And then they switch and they look at another one, another entirely different one. And then they go back and they come back. We really believe having both types of properties, hotels and non-hotels in the same place that enables a customer to be able to compare and interest, that’s what they cause or look at the reviews makes a better process for consumers over time. Now look, we just got a lot of the stuff out last year. And for example, I mentioned our requested book we’re still trialing that, we’re just piloting that. It’s going to take some more time. I am very encouraged by where we are and where we’re going. So I have no concerns about us continuing in the same direction.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. Well, the competitiveness was quite clear when you compare ‘22 versus ‘21. We had a very nice recovery in ‘21, and we benefited from the fact that a lot of our competitors just didn’t seem to be out of the gate so fast in terms of their marketing, in terms of what they are doing, whether it be brand performance marketing in terms of trying to get the same demand that we are out getting there. So 2022, also we’re putting a full throttle on to get those customers. So that’s what we saw. We saw it in performance marketing. We saw it significantly increasing the amount of money being put into brand marketing. In lots of different ways that everybody wanted to make sure that they are out trying to get those customers. Tthat was the difference between ‘21 and ‘22. That’s when I speak about what a competitive market really was last year. But look, this industry has always been competitive. The wonderful thing about the way technology has developed is that enables customers with very little friction to be able to look at all the different ways they can be very trial. So we have to always be providing them with a great service, a great price, so they will actually use us. It’s one thing that I think some people will recognize as much perhaps is that this is on every day we go out there and we fight for those customers. Yes, we have loyal customers. They’ll work because we’ve providing them with a great service and price. We got to keep on doing it to maintain their loyalty. And we’re going to keep on doing that. Now in terms of the future, in terms of areas that I don’t think it’s going to get any less competitive, but I do think that we do have some advantages because of our great technology because of the skill sets that we have to continue to try and advance this service better, so people do use it and then they do say, hey, I’m going to go to Booking because it’s just better. And that’s they going to have to keep on doing, but there is no magic bullet here. We’ve got to do it every day.
Glenn Fogel: Sure, Kevin. So in the prepared remarks, we talked a little bit about the number of countries we have. They are obviously we’re very pleased where we are in terms of the growth of the number of tickets that we’re selling now is very good product. We like it because, as I mentioned, people, some people go to flights first, and we want to make sure they know who we are and then start buying from us. In terms of the acquisitions, I can’t – you have the world work to regulations, I have nothing to comment on that. We continue to work with the people in the process and continue to work on that. But I would say, just so please, we look where we were – again, because I listened to that call 3 years ago, the earnings call, and we just 3 years ago, talked we just started in 2019, the flights been up off the ground, so sorry about deployments at Booking.com. And we are just starting to where we are now. I just love the – what the people have been able to build, and I love the fact that people like it and are coming to us. And we have high hopes for the future in this area.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. And I want to close by thanking everyone at Booking Holdings and everyone around the world who are contributing to help the people a bit so terribly hurt by the tragic events in Turkey and Syria. We have employees in Turkey and many more who have family and friends there, along with supply partners in the devastated area. Our hearts go out to all who are suffering there. Thank you, and good night.
