Glenn Fogel: Brian, it's Glenn. I'll give my comments on this first, then I'm going to give David a chance to give his opinion on all of this. So regarding optimization, and we've talked about this in the past, about our reasoning why we decided to optimize and what we're trying to do in terms of building out a much more powerful and, we think, very important to us brand and direct marketing approach. It's very hard to predict in these very dynamic pay-for-performance markets what's going to happen because there are so many influences that are coming in and particularly what your competitor is going to do. But what I want to point out is what I said in my prepared remarks, and it really comes down to what we said when we first started this almost a year ago. I think almost exactly a year ago, I said this. For those advertising platforms that are willing to work cooperatively with us so that together, we can build better business for both of us to create something that is a great customer experience, something that helps build our brand, something that again is not something that is sort of competitive but is cooperative, we're always willing to lean in and work with them. And we've been doing it with a number of them. Some are more cooperative than others. So in terms of the answer to that, it really depends also on how others are going to act. In regards to Europe, yes, we have a big business in Europe. But -- and it is our biggest geographical area. But I still want to point out, it's still a relatively small part of the overall travel business in Europe. And we have a lot of ramp left both in our core business, which I would consider to be our hotels in urban areas, but then there's even more opportunity in all the other areas, as we talked about building out NHA, which is a very fast site, non-hotel accommodation. It is a very fast-growing area. And then we've talked a bit about the holistic travel service that we want to provide. So I think there's still a lot of opportunity there. We are at different stages of development in all of it. But I do not believe that this is something where we are running out of ramp at all. And I'll turn it over to David.
Glenn Fogel: And regarding Google, I'd want to emphasize a couple of things. One, we have been working with Google for a very, very long time. Symbiotic relationship helps build both of our businesses in the travel vertical, and we're continuing to do that. And we are pleased with where our share is in Google in all their different products right now. And they continue to develop new products, new ways to reach out to their customers to provide their customers with a good experience. And we work with them and provide that travel service to our customers. And it's really worked well for us over the last more than a decade, and I think it's going to continue to work that way. Clearly, in certain parts of the world where travel growth is faster, Google has less of an ability to get customers. I, of course, speak to China right away. I mean, that's an area where, as of today, Google would not be a supplier of customers to us of any great state. So we are going to continue to work with them well. And I have confidence that we're going to have a good relation going forward, and we're always looking forward to the new things they're working on because that can help our business.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So it's Glenn speaking. Referring back to the growth area, you said, are we happy? I will just make the statement that I am never happy no matter how fast we're growing, I always want to do it faster. So let's just lay that down. I'm a competitive person, our teams are competitive, everybody in this organization is competitive, and we always want to win and do more no matter what level we're at. Now your question about, are we kind of in single digit, are we going to be in single digit? Part of our belief is that, and this is one David mentioned a little bit about, is optimization in choosing profit versus growth. And we want to do things in a smart way. And one can always buy more growth, and it depends on what cost. And is that long-term benefit to the franchise or not? Right now, we're at a stage where we're happy where we are and the way we're investing and the way we're getting the bottom line where we are. Clearly, we believe that building out this holistic travel system should provide a much better solution for customers around the world who want to travel. And we expect that competitive benefit to accrue to us. Now you'd make a point, though, on this holistic thing and having these siloed different companies in our organization, are we going to make changes there? Well, I would point out we're already doing that. And we made the thing earlier in the year of noting that our rental cars company, which wasn't more of an independent company, has now been put under the Booking.com umbrella to make sure that the customers are getting the most frictionless, seamless way to use ground transportation services. And it's more than just rental cars, it's all elements of ground transportation that we're building. So that's an example of what we're doing. And we're doing it in other areas, too, and I don't want to get into too much of the details, but we have Agoda and Priceline doing a lot of back-end work together. There's a lot of things happening under the hood to help build out this system. Now you're right to mention the point about what sort of risks does that bring on, and does that -- first, does that do anything that's going to put a risk to the hotel, the core hotel business? We're aware of that potential, and that's why we always want to guard against it and make sure we're doing things in the right way to do it with the right checks so that we don't end up doing anything that could influence the core business in a negative way. So I think we have it under control. I think we're doing it the right way. And I'm pleased where we're and the position of where we're going.
Glenn Fogel: Mark, yes, the brand, and I wanted to call out that we did not spend as fast as we would have liked. And that's a function of something that we said at the very beginning when we talked about going towards a strategy that would be more direct, which would include building out a bigger brand effort. And I made it very clear at the beginning that we would do this in a prudent way. I used the word prudent. I think I've used the word prudent every time since then because that's how we're doing this. Our DNA is one of experimentation, test, see what the data shows us, and then if things are working, do more of it; if things aren't working, change around, figure out well, what should we adjust to and work on that. It's an iterative process. And there are many things that go in. It's what kind of creative do you have, what are the signals you're getting from that, what channels are you using in it? And of these new channels, relatively new, where it's not just brand on TV, it's all sorts of video, and how are your responses on that going? So over all these things, as we go through it, not that different than when we built out our pay-for-performance thing, is experimentation, results, rinse and repeat. And where we are right now, that's what we thought was the appropriate thing. And it makes no sense in my mind to spend excess money if you think you're not going to get a result out of it. So that's that one. In terms of what's the goal, though, I think the best way we can measure this really is at direct. When you see more and more direct business coming, that's showing your brand effort is working. And that's why I wanted to point out that approximately 50% of our bookings are coming direct, and it's growing. And we're getting new users in that channel. So that's what -- that's sort of like what I'm using as a thermometer, see, is the brand working or not.
Glenn Fogel: And I'll take the -- I'll talk a little bit about the Chinese -- China strategy we have right now. And when we've talked about China, really, it's the locomotive of the growth in worldwide travel industry. In any side you'd look at, you see this huge growth opportunity there. I think I saw a stat that said less than 10% of Chinese citizens have a passport or traveling out of China. So that's a lot of growth potential, and we want to get a good share of that. Now on the flip side of that, though, China is a more difficult place to work for nonlocal players. That's absolutely a truism. So our strategy is to maximize our opportunity, is to both develop our own brand there, develop our own abilities within China and, at the same time, establish partnerships with companies that have great customer bases with people who are using the Internet to do things. So we mentioned DiDi, and you mentioned Meituan. You didn't mention Ctrip, which is also a big partner of ours. And just to spell this out, we have over $2 billion invested in Ctrip. We made an investment in Meituan in the $400 million, $450 million. We made a $500 million investment in DiDi. Now I'll repeat what I said when we made the announcement about DiDi, just to scope that one out a little bit. Really, 3 pillars there. The first thing, and we've talked about, is holistic travel system. And critical to that is ground transportation. And ground transportation in China is even more critical because people who are not Chinese do not rent cars and drive in China. So you got to come up with a way that people, our customers, when they get to China, how are they going to get around? That's an important thing. Doing this deal with DiDi is going to create this seamless, frictionless way that our customers go to one of our apps, the Booking.com app or to the Agoda app, and are able to get that ground transportation that's powered by DiDi. So that's going to be a thing of great advantage for our customers when we get that one up and running. The second part of that, and this is very important too, is help build our brand among the DiDi customer base. And DiDi, as part of this agreement, is going to help us do that through different types of marketing and different types of programs. And the third thing, as you pointed out, is yes, we want to get a good return on our investment, of course. And that's why we're doing it with each of them. Now with Meituan and Ctrip, they both have very, very powerful travel services within their companies. And we share inventory, and we provide them with outbound inventory so they can have their customers get outbound hotels. And we are working with them with inbound. When we have sent people in, they have Chinese hotels that perhaps we don't have or perhaps they would better price. That's the way we're cooperating in all these areas. And we believe that this is the smart way to try and take advantage of what is a great opportunity for us. And I'd say it's not easy, and some of the things are very early. We obviously don't have that DiDi-powered app up and running yet, but it's exciting to see what we can build and what's going to be the future.
Glenn Fogel: Well, of course, we're doing a lot of things on AI. We've hired a lot of people. We brought in companies. We bought a company called Evature out of Israel. It's very highly specialized in some natural language processing stuff. And we've done a lot of things to try and make sure that all technologies are being brought in as quickly as possible and utilized. Now I'm not going to get into specifics about cloud. Of course, we do some things at cloud. Some things are on our own data center stuff. And I'll leave it up to our extremely qualified and capable IT people to determine what's the best way to do it, what's the most efficient way to do it, what gives most flexibility and all of those things, but we're not going to call out anything in particular. And David, who actually comes from a technological background, I'm going to let him add to that.
Glenn Fogel: Brian, so GDPR, and I didn't want to call this out because I don't think it's -- it's a short-term thing. Some of our brand spend was somewhat delayed a little bit, so don't put too much into this. But some of our platforms did have to halt in some of the work they were doing so they could develop more resources to making sure that they were ready for GDPR. So some of the things we were doing to gather, particularly in the testing and experimental things, had to be pushed off. But again, that's a short-term timing issue. And we're talking -- we play for the long run. So I'm not going to worry about, so it took a month or 2 months, whatever it was, that's not a big point. In terms of the NHA, 5.5 million listings. And am I happy? And I think I'll just stay consistent and say, I'm never happy. I always want more. We want more. But in specifics, and we talked about this before, we need to continue to develop certain categories in the NHA, where I really feel -- I'm even less happy in those areas. And we talked about the single-property owners. The people have, let's just, for example, say a house on the Outer Banks or they have a condo at Vale, and then expand that worldwide, and that's the area where I feel that we really need to make more effort in getting that, a. But then on top of that, it's a two-sided marketplace. We not only have to have the supply, we also have to make sure that customers around the world are aware that we have this great service. We think we do have a great service, and I've talked about this. The fact that when our customers come, they can see both the NHA stuff and they can see the core hotel stuff, and it's easier to compare and contrast them. We've talked about how the ease that people can pay because for us, you're not putting -- the customer doesn't have to pay a customer fee. For us, it's simple. It's never the customer fee at the end when you see, oh, here's a big charge at the end from the customer fee. And we talk about all the different things we can do to make this holistic, so it's not just the accommodation. That's what we're driving to. But specifically about NHA, there's a lot of inventory that we need to go out and get in. And then we need to -- particularly in the U.S. because when I talk to U.S. people, I know they're not as aware that we have this great product. If you go to Europe, it'd be a different story where people are aware of it. And this is what we're working on.
Glenn Fogel: Oh, yes. So what's interesting, of course, when the advertisers go to optimize, and there's less revenue now going to a particular or several advertising platforms, they then have less money to go out and try and get customers. So their growth then slows. So if their growth slows, even though all the advertisers may be in the same share and doing the same amount of share, they may not have the growth rate they had before because the core platform is not growing as rapidly as it used to do. So I think when we look back and we see the amount of spend being done by some of the advertising platforms in the past of very, very heavy weeks, that probably brought forward some people who may not have been as familiar with how to get travel online. And now perhaps those people who came on and now because they're slowing in terms of the amount of spend in that type of brand to bring customers to these advertising platforms, maybe that is an influence on the overall flow or amount of growth in that area. That would be the way I'd say it.
Glenn Fogel: I'll take one, and I'll let David take two on that. So we are pleased with the HotelsCombined deal. It hasn't closed yet. We expect it to close before the end of the year. And we did do Momondo, and that is -- and so you are correct, we have built out -- brought in some smaller players. And we believe the strategy is, one, scale matters in these areas. We bring in these meta companies that have a customer base, and perhaps they're doing certain things that we don't do as well or whatever. And we can then optimize in terms of the amount of people we need to run the entire organization. There's some synergies to be gotten. And so if we see more and they are at the right price because we're always conscious that you've got to get value for it, what can you achieve with it, we would always be interested in doing it. But I think we are reaching a level now where we are certainly bigger than we were before we got Momondo and when we bring in HotelsCombined, hopefully. And by the way, this strategy started a long time ago before we bought KAYAK, when KAYAK went out and got sidestepped. And that, I think, was the initial thing. Steve Hafner, our CEO there, is still with us, and he did that deal back then. I think his vision hasn't changed.
Glenn Fogel: So in terms of inventory, we don't spell out where we are trying to get more inventory. It was very nice some of our competitors in the past have done that, which have been great for us in terms of the road map where should we be looking at things. And I don't want to do the same thing for -- going the other way on this. I will say that our -- people are always out there trying to get more inventory because we do believe that's a great way to help build the business, and they are out there doing it. And we did point out the importance -- already, we've talked a little bit about how important it is to try and get certain parts of the non-hotel accommodation built up because we do think that is an area where we do need to continue to improve in that area. And I'll let David talk about the second one there.
Glenn Fogel: Okay. So I want to thank everybody again. I want to just reemphasize a couple of points. One is that we believe we're on the right track. We believe we are building the business the way we want to. We believe we have the right mix in terms of profit and growth right now. And we are pleased with our level and where we are at this stage of progress. I also want to thank all our employees around the world who have worked so hard. This is a very, very busy season for them right now, and I just want to reach out to them, and we appreciate greatly the amount of effort they are putting in there. And of course, we always want to thank our supplier partners and our customers who, without them, there'd be no reason for us to be here. So thank you, and see you in three months.
David Goulden: Thanks, Glenn. No, I think I would just reinforce that as we've been looking into the market opportunity, even in our strongest markets, there's a lot of what I'll call white space. And it's an opportunity for us to grow, not only in the new areas, but also in the core hotel areas where we have obviously very strong shares in certain particular types of travel and less strong share in other travel. So we think there's a lot of growth opportunity over and above what the market growth rates are sitting in Europe. And going back to performance marketing optimization, I think Glenn again summarized it very well. These are dynamic marketplaces. Obviously, you saw we had very good results in the Q2 and much beyond what we guided to in terms of optimization, driving a number of the -- a large piece of our overachieve in Q2. I think we recognize that these are important channels. We continue to look for ways to optimize, but they're also growth channels for us as well. So there's always a balance. But as Glenn said, we -- it is a dynamic marketplace. It's a little bit difficult to predict. I think we are in a fairly good position in terms of our optimization right now in terms of the balance between growth and profitability. But there are always areas where we're experimenting constantly in these channels is probably the best way to summarize it.
David Goulden: So Mark, let me take the first one and hand to Glenn for the second one. So pretty helpful to start by explaining what impact we have built into our Q2 guidance for World Cup. And as I mentioned on the last call, the main factors here, including what teams did, so I'll start off by saying we had a little less than 0.5 point built in to our guidance. What we saw was a combinatorial factor. We saw a lot of the teams are big booking countries, many of those are sitting in Northern Europe. Having an unusual weather period during the World Cup, in fact, I was in Holland a lot during that period of time, and you could just see the activity. And we believe the combination of those 2 things had a bigger factor than we expected. Hard to quantify because it's hypothetical, but certainly enough to mention and point out. We did notice that, again, as I said in my remarks, that at the end of the World Cup, because the World Cup obviously impacted the last two weeks in June, impacted the first 2 weeks in July, bear in mind that several larger booker countries made it all the way to the semifinals.  And historically, we have found that when teams are doing well in the World Cup, there is an impact on bookings. You can see it during the game. You can also see it over a period of time as well. So it did roll into July. So we want to comment on that as well. And what we've commented after the end of World Cup, we saw a bounce back in bookings in Europe, but the weather is sufficiently noticeable to comment about it. We're going through a very unusual weather pattern in Europe right now. In the Northern countries, temperatures are in the 30s in terms of Celsius; and in Southern Europe, they're in the 40s, making it less pleasant than usual to want to go sit on a beach when it's 110 degrees. So I think others have commented upon that. We wanted to point it out. The World Cup had a factor in our Q3 guide. The ongoing weather has a bit of a factor as well. And we do see it in -- when we look at the numbers of people traveling from Northern Europe to Southern Europe, we see an impact. So we just wanted to call it out and explain this kind of built in to the way we're thinking about the business this quarter.
David Goulden: Justin, thanks. I'll kind of take those in the order which you gave them. So market share, when we look at our share of the total rooms available in our portfolio, which is kind of what we can measure and manage, we see us continuing to gain share on a quarter-by-quarter or on a month-by-month basis, so we're kind of pleased with that number. Some people call that our sell-through rate. But when we look at that, we continue to gain share in what is an expanding portfolio. So we are pleased with that. In terms of the guidance arrangement -- and I want to stress our approach to guidance has not changed. And so that's an important point to take into account. When we gave the guidance, we looked at a number of factors. We did look at what we saw coming out of June and into July, which was obviously impacted by some of the comments I talked about on my earlier remarks. And I also pointed out that the guidance does continue to reflect a deceleration during the rest of the quarter, so potentially some opportunity there. So those are the factors that kind of went into that guidance number. Take rates, nothing particularly -- other than probably the impact of the book-to-stay ratio, you're probably seeing that slightly shortening windows, as we mentioned for the last couple of quarters, just as well as the timing of things in the Q2 quarter. But basically, it's the book-to-stay window, which would probably have the biggest impact upon what you're seeing in take rates.
David Goulden: Sure. So the direct is basically, users come through non-paid channels, were not paid. So it will include SEO. It would not include brand searches or a brand PBC search. So to be very clear, we're taking a very narrow but I think appropriate definition of direct. I know others have maybe expanded and gone through a slightly broader view, but we're taking a pure view. Obviously, people have come -- from our advertising, that's all well and good. And a lot of that direct traffic, of course, is coming through a mobile with the app. It is an important piece of it, but specifically, where we've not paid for that user when they make a booking.
David Goulden: Yes, Doug, let me take the first part. I'll clarify -- I think by comp, you're talking about the performance marketing optimization comp. So let me just kind of clarify what's going on there. So as we've said, I'll kind of just walk you through the kind of logic here, so performance marketing optimization has obviously benefited our profitability, but over time, it's cost us some amount of growth. But I think we've also pointed out, we do not believe we lost much share across the performance marketing channels in aggregate. Obviously, our spending reduction reduced in -- resulted in reducing growth in those channels is absolute, but we do not believe we lost much share across them in total. And also, last quarter was only a partial quarter of optimization. So we've not really got a full overlap this time. So we don't expect to see significant uptick in growth in Q3 from lapping any change in share in those channels, a, because it wasn't a big change in share; and b, because it's only a partial compare.
David Goulden: Yes, I would characterize our cloud strategy as very much a hybrid cloud, which is a recognition of its value in both private clouds and public clouds and certain applications based upon volumes, capacity, performance, decent troughs, et cetera, are better sitting inside a private cloud and some are in a public cloud. And we're basically looking at that spectrum across a whole range of attribution capability, including things like natural language, machine learning, et cetera. So hybrid is the approach that we're taking, and I think that's the appropriate approach.
David Goulden: And then, Heath, to pick up your third point, I was going to say I'll avoid getting into the specific quantification. But what I'll just say is that the way the company has approached guidance over the last several years and quarters, I think is one that's been beneficial and appropriate. And we haven't changed that as I've come in and worked with the team, and we continue to factor in the same issues when we look at our guidance. And obviously, we leave ourselves some potential to do better.
David Goulden: Yes. And then on the -- our performance channels. First of all, they're very important channels for us and also our customers. So we view them as a strategic part of the business. And as Glenn commented, our strategy in those channels hasn't changed. And we'll actually lean into the channels that make themselves more attractive to us as an advertiser. It will help us to build our customer experience and build our brand. And that's been a great relationship, and we expect it to continue. In terms of where we are versus a year ago, I'd say we are pleased with what we're now seeing in terms of ROIs on those channels. And as I mentioned, a decent balance between growth and profitability in terms of what we're getting from those channels. As Glenn said, we're never pleased, we're never satisfied. There's always opportunity to continue to improve. And I think we're at a place where we're now looking for incremental improvements and certainly looking at ROI and growth in those channels, those 2 things we're looking at very closely. So I'm pleased but not satisfied will summarize where we are today.
David Goulden: Yes. I think in terms of retention rates, we're not going to give you a specific data point, but I'd say that we're certainly pleased with our Genius customer group in terms of how well that has developed and the level of retention in repeat booking we get out of those customers, which has continued to be a focus on the business. So we've seen not only is direct increasing and becoming now very close to half the business, but we do see, obviously, a much stronger retention rate, particularly in those customers who are part of our different closed-use programs. So that is a good trend for us, not only in terms of the growth as the mix of the business shifts towards more direct, but also, as Glenn said, building out this loyalty factor where we want people to be coming back to us as their preferred travel partner with a whole broad range of capabilities and travel experiences.
