Jeffery H. Boyd: Hey, Justin. So as far as the gross profit growth the later Easter is definitely a significantly factor, so that will be a shift of gross profit out of Q1 into Q2. Since Q1 is a relatively smaller quarter from a gross profit perspective it has a more significant impact in Q1. We also are forecasting some deceleration as I said in my prepared comments and that would flow through in the gross profit line. For the remainder of the year we gave you some guidance on offline advertising because that’s a difficult one for you guys to model and we have been rolling out for some additional markets. In terms of online advertising we’re not going to give guidance for the expectation for the future other than I did make a comment in my prepared remarks that we will last the KAYAK acquisition is May and that kind of beneficial impact on our online ad efficiency in the year since we’ve owned it.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Good execution by the priceline.com air team for one, getting access to discounted rates for opaque, and then it's also been largely helped by integration with KAYAK as we mentioned earlier. So, Priceline is powering book at KAYAK for airline tickets and that’s driven some nice additional business for Priceline.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Yes, it's a great question Brian. I think one is two things that people don’t, they don’t find obvious that we probably market more on our reviews. One is that, all of our reviews are from verified guests, so by definition you can’t write a review unless you’ve paid. But secondly all the reviews on our site are only 14 months old. So we don’t call any reviews out of the recent reviews, they’re all real guests, bad reviews, good reviews or whatever. But we’ll take the odd review out that uses strong language or mentioned somebody personally [ph]. We’ve never removed the review score itself. But what you’re seeing basically is the seasonality because of its 14 months role and we’re very confident that the rate at which people return reviews is not changing and we’ll see that those counts will continue to increase as the business continues to grow.
Darren Huston: Okay, Dean, this is Darren I’ll take both those questions. First of all on vacation rentals, vacation rentals are real natural extension of our Booking.com’s move into non-hotel accommodation. And as you probably know the vacation rental market is a supply heavy demand starved market place. But our place is different from others because we’re working to make the vacation rentals directly bookable and instantly conformable at scale. And we want ultimately for vacation rentals to be easy to book a hotel room on Booking.com. So there’s a lot of issues to work through and in terms of the early suppliers on Booking.com there are a number of large property management companies in that mix, these are companies that have built the infrastructure to do current bookings, they have like the digital calendars of the home owners, they have exclusive access to the homes. But there’s also a lot of smaller properties as well, apartment blocks, products like this that we’ve been able to bring online and we’re pretty optimistic that we can continue to do that. We’re going to hold a pretty high bar on that ability again to be instantly bookable and confirmable going forward. And then as it relates to KAYAK specifically, I think there’s been outstanding learning particularly in the mobile space and KAYAK to the group got a lot of great thinking in that area and I think it's really benefited all the group companies to be in with conversations with KAYAK. I also think that KAYAK’s approach generally speaking to product development or it's quite consistent with the other brands but together we’ve learned a number of things from that nimbleness in how we can experiment real time things like that. By going forward Steve and team are now taking a really disciplined and methodological approach international expansion and that is very consistent with the way the group works as well and I wholly support that kind of process versus of throwing things out there, they’re really thinking through things and I am quite optimistic about the future.
Darren Huston: Okay, I’ll again take both those questions. The Thai market there’s a number of things that are happening in January, seems always be a sporadic month. The Thai market has been challenging obviously with the unrest, although we are finding that bookers are finding their way around Thailand. We’re seeing strong bookings in places like Malaysia, Indonesia other sort of South East destinations. But we don’t think obviously we’re a global business so these things aren’t as material to our global result. I’d also highlight of course the winter storms that many of you're experiencing in the United States as well as the floods in the U.K. and the winter Olympics, they all have a tendency to dampen pockets of demand depending on where users are with overall. We don’t think those had a material effect on the global business. And as it relates to our property count, yes, we've been adding a lot of vacation rental properties. These are generally self-catered products. Some of them have one room, some of them may have multiple rooms, but I also want to make sure people understand we are still adding hotels in many, many countries, even countries we've been in for many years like Italy, Spain, France, so the mix of what we're adding has fewer rooms than an average property that we have in the base, but there's still a lot of multi-room properties of various sorts and types that still need to be acquired in the system.
Darren Huston: Yes. Thanks, Steve. We don't give out conversion ROI data things like this probably are very proprietary, but I would say at the highest level. Mobile is obviously an interesting area and mobile comes in various forms. People say mobile, it's such a broad concept. But you actually have to get into either web based mobile or app based mobile and then you got to talk separately about tablets and phones. And as mobile has increased the mix of our business, mobile is tending towards becoming more PC like. It's interesting how we talked about in mobile how it's all last minute booking or app based, but in fact over time, people are starting to view even more regular types of bookings on mobile phones and tablets. Tablets used to be a product of the rich and the wealthy, but more and more they're becoming very mainstream and begin to behave very much like a laptop or another device. So we think mobile is generally a net positive for an online travel agent because it increases the number of screens that we can market against. It improves the experience of our customers, but figuring out exactly where to send money and how to attract customers is still an ongoing art. We meet regularly as a group to discuss these things to really, really be smart about it because sometimes you can get – fads can happen and people can go out chasing downloads, but if people download apps and they never use them, those aren't very valuable. So we think we've got a pretty good handle now on what the ROI is of a mobile download versus a mobile app they'll actually convert. But we continue to try to learn in that space. I would say we certainly have a lot of caution about going and chasing downloads (indiscernible) and we think a lot through that. The other really important thing is many people will book on one device but then experience on another device or they'll start the booking on one device and then pick up the same search on another device. So we're working a lot to connect their screens so that single account users can really reflect their experience regardless of the screen that they're using and I think that is obviously a new phenomenon that people are starting to figure out and I think in general we've got a pretty good handle on it.
Darren Huston: Okay. Well, I would say it's not a tradeoff. In all of our online channels we're optimizing ROI and we're not moving money from the online spend into the offline spend. The offline spend is – we also treat methodically and we're creating tools and figure out how to use offline spend as a new way to acquire customers and we compare that spend both from an immediate booking perspective as well as a lifetime value perspective against all of our online channels. So you can think about it as adding a leg to our marketing stool and trying to make that as data driven as all the success we've had on the online side. We got into this really from an experiment standpoint because the Booking.com brand in particular is broadly used, but it doesn't have very high AETAS [ph] awareness. These are in our more mature markets. And the bet is basically by increasing AETAS awareness through effective offline marketing. Can we get more earnings, more cash flow in the business from that betting? Could it make economic sense relative to other investments? So it's not a tradeoff but it's certainly all of our marketing investments are compared against one and other regardless of channel or regardless of their offline or online and that's the standard that we hold the entire group to and this is just giving us a few more options. And ultimately it does also allow us to go more directive for the future.
Darren Huston: Yes. Thanks, Mark. When we say largest market, we're meaning country market, so that's comparing the U.S. to France or China or Italy independently. I would say at a regional level, Asia shows tremendous promise obviously with the population as does Europe more broadly defined if you include Eastern Europe. So, I think each one of those regions has tremendous potential. In terms of country markets and in the U.S. there's a quarter likely of the world's GDP still and likely a quarter of all travel expenditures. So we would have expected to be truly global. At least today that the U.S. is our largest market, maybe 20 years from now it will China. But at least today that would be a reasonable expectation. But the fact that it's just now becoming our largest destination market still means that there's a lot of growth ahead of us in the United States because it deserves to be significantly larger than it is today.
Darren Huston: Yes. Maybe I'll get Dan first to just talk a little bit about the seasonality of the business and I'll make some comments geographically.
Darren Huston: Just regarding South America specifically, it's interesting. South America itself is very dependent on inner regional travel. South America is generally long ways from other places. But if you get up to the northern part of South America or into the Caribbean, Central America, it becomes more and more dependent on American bookers, particularly if you get into Mexico or Caribbean and that has really benefited as the destination as we've grown in America with American bookers. I would also add though that we were quite early into Brazil and Argentina, so our business there is both strong from an inbound basis but also among Brazilians and Argentineans and many of those end up coming to places like Miami, East Coast of America and that's helped that business as well. So, I feel like we've got a great presence in South America but also still again so much more to do than where we are today.
Darren Huston: Thanks, Doug. Well, I think its always important to remember people that I was -- I’ve been running Booking.com before I took on this role for a couple of years and its -- and a lot of the things that philosophies that were developed for the Group, I was very much part of developing and as they say you don't want to fix what ain’t broke. So I really much feel like our strategy of focusing on organic growth potentially looking for opportunistic acquisitions, but not relying heavily on acquisitions for growth. Running independent brand entrepreneurially, all of these facets and probably most importantly in the Group is our focus on the customer and making sure everything we design is around satisfying our end users is really -- I think will continue and I don’t see any major deviations from that path. There are lots of things going on in the Group, and also in the innovation side and those will only be different because the market continues to evolve and it’s very competitive. But I hope that you will see coming out of all the brands, if anything an increased pace of innovation around our product as the landscape continues to evolve and we continue to adjust to that. We’re not afraid to invest, but we definitely have a philosophy that those investments should be in profitable investments and things that can be sustainable for the long-term versus buying business in a non-profitable. I certainly subscribe to those principles and we’re going to continue to execute in that manner.
Darren Huston: Yes, thanks Tom. We don’t -- I can’t parse it where the traffic is coming from just because it’s quite proprietary. But I will say it is a combination of all the factors. We’ve been significantly expanding our property base in the United States. We have signed now pretty much all of the chains in the United States. It’s a very chain dominant market. So our products on the shelf is extremely competitive. We have also expanded our teams in the United States. Over a 1,000 people now work for Booking.com in the United States. We have offices across the country and we are going to continue to expand those. So I feel like the products on the shelf is very strong and then that is driven then a lot of engagement in the product by both international travelers as well as domestic travelers. We have always been, for years, strong in cities like New York, which is a big international destination, Miami, San Francisco, but you're seeing increasing strength in cities that are really primarily American destinations and a lot of that is because we are attracting a significantly more American to use our product.
Darren Huston: First of all, let me just talk about KAYAK first. We were really -- we felt very much as brands we were underrepresented in KAYAK before the acquisition. And I would say we have taken pretty big steps to get our fair representation within KAYAK. But we are also very careful that KAYAK has to be a marketplace that clears at market rates and we’re going to continue with that principle, because Expedia and other players are also buying into KAYAK and we have no intention to make KAYAK a Priceline Group only marketplace. But I feel good that we’ve gotten the right things there. We are sharing a lot of learnings with them, but the level and depth of integration work has pretty much been done. And Dan, you do want to talk about …
Darren Huston: Yes, I would say on the United Kingdom, in Europe despite our strength we're constantly surprised that half the European still know our brand even though many have used us. And the UK is a big important market for us, so this is kind of the obvious next place for us to test. And for us we're just being cognizant and methodical about the cost and the returns, including how brand awareness ultimately drives booking and I think we're getting smarter and smarter about this. So I think the net of it is we're very strong in Europe but we believe that and hope that offline marketing can have a great impact there. But again this is a test and an experiment and if we find that it doesn't have the needed impact, then we'll bring that down. But the UK was also – our ads were trying to use the same content in many markets. We changed the voice over. So if you watched the UK booking ads, you'll notice that they're just down in a different tone. We test those tones with customers. But the voice over in English works very well and that's why to-date all four markets are English speaking markets.
Darren Huston: Yes, I'll let Dan take and he'll answer that second question that you're referring to. On the first question, Booking.com is an agency model. That means that the hotels are basically going into the marketplace and setting their own rates. And therefore we don't naturally tend to do a lot of couponing. This is different that Priceline and Agoda with the merchant models would more likely use that as a tactic. There are more things we can do but we like to be sort of an everyday little price option for customers that they know that the prices we have are the lowest they can get in the market. We sometimes do closed user group deals that we collect from hotels and do them just to our logged in and subscribed customers and that seemed to be a pretty effective tactic for us in terms of driving our growth. But couponing specifically is not something that we use on any basis with the agency model and Booking.com.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So seasonality, Ron, Q4 and Q1 to a lesser degree are typically the peak season for South America and Asia Pacific, and so we see it particularly in Q4 we feel the impact of those faster growing regions representing a larger percentage of our total gross bookings driving up our consolidated growth rate. Then you start to move into Q1, also was an important quarter for those regions, but you also now see North America and Europe those bookings start to kick-in for Easter and summer checkouts. So it's a little less pronounced in Q1.
Daniel J. Finnegan: In terms of Internet penetration in Europe, Aaron, I don’t have any specific data to share with you. We look at the same types of reports that you do from the PhoCusWright and others. I’d say that given the growth rates that we continue to post in Europe, it’s clear that the penetration is still ongoing and that there is still a shift to the internet, that’s one of the drivers that’s helping us grow at the rate that we are.
Daniel J. Finnegan: In terms of that geographic footnote, Brian, it's not going to be very helpful for you in trying to decide for a growth rate for that other column. There's just some shifts there between certain regions and into the Netherlands. And so if you look at the footnote there, that's just a combination of various other subsidiaries that operate outside of U.S. or Netherlands.
