Daniel J. Finnegan: Hey, Tom. So on the first one, first of all, relative to the growth in Q3, we think our marketing teams did a great job of bringing traffic with a good balance between strong top line growth, and really strong bottom line growth, so we were happy with the margin performance and the top line performance in Q3. In terms of the difference between the growth rate and room nights and constant currency gross bookings growth versus our constant currency gross profit growth, there's a few things in there. First of all, there is little bit of an acquisition benefit, so we have about one percentage point of inorganic growth from the OpenTable acquisition, which benefits gross profit and has no impact on gross bookings. I mentioned for our U.S. business, and this partly answers your last question too, we had a significant step-down, 13% reduction in year-over-year airfares, which dramatically impacts gross bookings for the U.S. business, but has no impact on gross profit. And then lastly, and probably most significantly, is just we had two very strong quarters of accelerating growth for room nights and we're seeing the benefit of that now flow-through in Q3 together with just a strong performance relative to our forecast for bookings that came over the trends from after we gave guidance and actually checked out in Q3.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And Tom, just a follow-up to my answer. You asked about take rates. As I said in the prepared remarks, our take rates were stable. So that was not a driver of the gross profit growth in excess excessive gross bookings growth.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yeah, I won't parse our ROIs by region for you, Lloyd, but I'd just say we were very pleased with the performance that the marketing group delivered. We're pleased with top line growth, we're pleased with the improvement in ROIs that we saw in the quarter, and then that metric also benefited by some of that flow-through of bookings that we had made in prior quarters, incurred the advertising then, and recognized the gross profit as our customers traveled in Q3. So it was a good performance. I wouldn't split it by region for you.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yeah Mike, I won't quantify for you specifically, but I will say it's a significant impact for Agoda, because it's by far their largest market as a destination. Definitely noticeable principally for our Agoda business.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Hey, Justin. So I'll take the first one. No change, nothing that I'd call out in terms of any kind of change in our approach. I think it was a really spectacular performance in the first couple of quarters for the business to accelerate, and if anything, maybe that's more the outlier than seeing a little bit of deceleration in Q3. If you look at the business over kind of the balance of the three quarters I think it's just very solid growth, and that's pretty much what we've seen over a number of years now is business that's been very resilient, growing at very high rates. Every now and then there will be a step down maybe a little bit bigger than what we're anticipating, and then there's other points there will be a quarter where we accelerate. But overall, we're pleased with the performance year-to-date and in the third quarter specifically.
Daniel J. Finnegan: We didn't build any assumption in, Justin. I think it's premature to make a call in that fashion. We'll see what the trade-off is between meta and Instant Book, and how much traction it gets, and then we'll report back to you after we have more information.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Got it. No. So it's no significant assumed change in mix or channels. It's more just looking at what we've delivered thus far to-date in the quarter in terms of ad ROIs, and then building a level of conservatism on top of that for the go-forward, really just to give our marketing team some flexibility that if they do see channels that they think are attractive and they want to lean-in a little bit, or the marketplace becomes more competitive, we've got the ability to hold position and maybe accept somewhat lower ROIs. So it's really just to give us some flexibility to compete in a very dynamic marketplace and look for opportunities to again try and strike a good balance between top line and bottom line growth without feeling that they're handcuffed having to deliver a specific ROI.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yeah, so Q3 we got the benefit of the acceleration that happened in the first couple of quarters and checked out in Q3. A little bit of a deceleration in gross bookings growth is generally helpful to that ad efficiency metric, and that top line forecast that we have for Q4 is relatively stronger, I would say. And so when you don't have that kind of deceleration in top line growth, that puts a little bit more pressure on the ad efficiency metric.
Darren Richard Huston: Yeah, and just building on Dan's point, the U.S. growth numbers you see do not include Booking.com, and we feel very good about our Booking.com business in the U.S. There's two things I would comment. One is, our U.S. inbound, which obviously has been weaker because of the strong dollar, and we do particularly well with Europeans and South Americans coming into the U.S., but still, we put some pretty solid numbers on the board. And the other way to look at the business is U.S. as bookers, which grew even faster than U.S. as a destination and we were serving U.S. bookers not just for booking in the United States, but also overseas. So overall we feel great about our U.S. business, but there's a lot more to do. It's one of the big markets where we are definitely under indexed, and we feel like we have a good set of cards to be able to continue to compete in the U.S. and North American markets going forward.
Darren Richard Huston: Yeah, thanks Brian. So we – if you – KAYAK was actually the original player to create an Instant Book path, and frankly speaking it's not a very well-branded path. And before we bought KAYAK, we had also decided not to participate in that. We participated in it, and then there was a proliferation of these concepts in various meta partners. I'd say TripAdvisor probably the one taking it on most. So we've stayed out of it mostly as we watched the performance of KAYAK, but we wanted to make sure we had an any future Instant Book partnership with first of all great branding, and secondly, the ability to market to the guests that book on our platform. And over the course of over 12 months, we finally came to an agreement where we think we can achieve that. We also believe we're going to get good ROIs off of the TripAssist platform. We think the branding's going to help us, and we also believe that we've protected our content. We don't want our content being used to help other people book. We want our content to be used to help us book, and I think working with TripAdvisor we came to a nice – a good compromise agreement that allows us to achieve that. It also helps TripAdvisor in their strategic move to try to do more on mobile and other kind of small-screen real estate. So overall, we're really positive. As I said, you guys will be able to see it very soon. We're beginning to test on small samples this week with TripAdvisor, and I'm now quite excited that this will be a nice new addition to places that we can get branded bookings from across our various marketing partners.
Darren Richard Huston: Yeah, okay. So let me take both those questions. We are on margin ROI agnostic across various sources of demand. Of course, there are types of demand that work well for us where we will get really healthy customer repeat, that we like the way that the channel's working that we might lean-in a little bit more. And then other channels where we may be getting customers, but we don't like the nature of the customer or they're not repeating in the right fashion, then we'll lean back from that. So we're agnostic in that sense. I think the TripAssist execution is one that we would like to use across other partners. We will make some changes on KAYAK. We have been working very closely with Google, with trivago, other players. And I don't think it's going to enhance our lives. I don't think it will bleed away from our lives, and we're going to have to watch as these things come together and we really get used to the consumer behavior, and whether or not this is a channel we will lean-in to or lean back from. But overall, we always try to earn money on every transaction regardless, and this will be a net positive from a cash flow standpoint for us, although not extremely material given kind of the size and scale of our business today. And then just some comments, geographically, we saw a lot of strength in many areas of the market that we saw earlier in the year. Japanese inbound, China outbound continues to be very strong. UK and U.S. outbound, because both had relatively strong currencies relative to where they were traveling to. Europe, we're seeing some pretty promising trends in Southern Europe; now Greece had a big issue as you know earlier in the summer, but Spain and Italy were both big positives for us in the summer. Maybe there was a bit of travel moving around, but most people in the Eurozone stayed in Europe, and many people came into the Eurozone, so it was a very strong summer in that respect. I'd say, challenges, you have these spot crises going on. We now have this one in Egypt. You saw in Tunisia, the Greek crisis. Russia, generally inbound-outbound is a challenge. There is a lot of travel going on in domestic Russia, but you guys know that whole story. Southeast Asia had the bombing, and then you had MERS in Korea. Those were also negatives in the quarter, but overall, we run a very global and diversified business. So I would say this is certainly our best summer ever if you look at just the volume of business we did, the profitability of the business. And we've now been able to – our business is such we can take advantage of both the positives and clean-up the negative. And going into Q4, we're feeling really good about the overall travel environment. I always remind people that travel is all about headlines. People lose security when they see negative headlines. And when the headlines are generally not negative, they don't even have to be positive, then people will travel. And we continue to see very positive trends going into Q4 as well.
Darren Richard Huston: Oh, balance between meta and Instant Book. Okay. Well first, I'll take the second question first, there aren't really any costs. There wasn't a lot of dev work that had to happen to make the Instant Book path work. We've been working with TripAdvisor very closely, and already have established fees and things like that. So that was not a big cost on our side. Yeah, certainly, when we look at all of our sources of paid demand, we're always looking for the right balance. We tend to prefer blue links, I call them, versus paths where somebody else tries to build a booking path, probably because we think our booking path is the absolute best in the industry, or an agency model. So we use the credit card as a form of guarantee, not a form of payment. These are all reasons why these Instant Book paths at times have not been as strong of opportunities for us as blue links or meta links. On the other hand, there are some benefits in terms of the branding and the marketing and also the connectedness that we will be showing with TripAdvisor, because when they pick you to do their Instant Book, they're basically saying, hey, here's a great preferred partner to do business with. And that positive shine on us as well as TripAdvisor, I think, is something that we're going to have to see how that works over time. And I'm actually kind of excited to see that, because in a way, we never really – in many of our other channels we don't get that kind of endorsement. But in an Instant Book path, that is one of the positives, given that it's a branded path, that we're looking forward to. And you guys will be able to see again very soon what that looks like, and you'll get a better sense of what I'm referring to.
Darren Richard Huston: Yeah, priceline has been an outstanding business for many, many years. But we found that the tech stack wasn't near as flexible and fungible as for instance, the tech stacks we have at Booking.com or even rentalcars.com. So now that we're getting into that, it'll be – we've already had an experimentation framework, but it is just a much more flexible stack to allow for much more rapid philosophy in innovation, and we hope in Q1 that will be fully in place. Paul who's leading that business has decided to put the focus there. Forever, we had sort of two stacks running in parallel and now we'll be able to go onto a single stack that'll also increase innovation speed so people aren't creating code for two different stacks of software. It's not the funnest thing to go through, but we're seeing the light at the end of the tunnel, and we expect hopefully to get some good innovation velocity out of that, and certainly the team at priceline.com is very excited to get through this process.
Darren Richard Huston: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Basically, in vacation rentals, we're building a very different product than what Airbnb has, or what HomeAway has. And our whole business is based on no fees for consumer. So it wasn't a strategic move. It's just a reflection of the way that our business works, and we charge our accommodation partners between 12% and 15% commission, so that's where the take rate is. When you're in a classified ad business, it's more difficult to get that kind of take rate from the accommodation partner, so many players will try to also charge a fee or increase fees to consumers. We certainly believe that having a no-fee product drives conversion for us, but we obviously have the benefit of having a digital calendar and an instantly verifiable booking, even the online bookings on HomeAway are on request – or on Airbnb, are on request, so the whole process where the consumers are still deciding, and the properties still deciding whether they want the product that they booked. So no, we feel really good about our positioning. It's more just reflective of the way our entire business works on Booking.com, but if you look at the way their competitive landscape is shaping up, we feel great that our product is both something the consumers love, but is also has the least friction of any of the products in the market. And then your next question on Facebook as a marketing platform, we have been doing more and more business with Facebook. Most of it though is in the category or re-messaging or re-targeting. It's not really in the big sweet spot which is intent-based marketing. That's really what search gives you is intent-based marketing. Somebody types in, I want a hotel in New York, and then you are responding to that request. But the folks at Facebook very much understand this. They're working to try to win that kind of businesses. It's direct response business, it's a big prize for any marketing channel, and we're also trying to work with other large audience versus in Silicon Valley to try to get out that Holy Grail of intent-based marketing. It's really valuable to us as it is to any of them and we're one of the world's best at it. And I feel like it's a little bit strange the advertiser is going and working with the media partner to figure these things out, but there's a lot to be gained by both, and I'll look forward to seeing where it goes. I've been really pleased in particular with Facebook's cooperation is an area and we have engineers working with engineers which is usually a good sign that they're going to figure out something.
Darren Richard Huston: Hey, Ken. We could consider at some point giving some stats on the U.S. in terms of our total hotel business. We haven't until now, but as we've have given milestones like on the size of our European business, or our Latin America business. So I wouldn't preclude the possibility of us doing that at some point. We've opted not to do that as an ongoing metric. We split our business now based upon where the brand is located, and we've stuck with that for a long time, and we'll stick with that for the future. But we will consider that at some point in the future.
Darren Richard Huston: Okay, Lloyd. Yeah, overall our BookingSuite is going very well. For competitive reasons, we don't want to talk about how many contracts or anything, but we have multiples more than when buuteeq was an independent business. The way it's basically working is our account managers will introduce the concept of websites and other technical solutions to partners and then ask them would you like to hear more. And then we have a secondary team that will then speak with the partner about the offerings that we have. We started out with websites. We've now bought a company called PriceMatch out of France, so we're developing business intelligence tools. The ultimate goal of BookingSuite is to have a whole suite of products that meets the needs of accommodation partners in the cloud, and that's what we are building towards. So a lot of innovation happening in the business. I am very happy with where it is. It's not a big contributor to EBITDA or anything at this point, but it's on a good pace, and certainly ahead of where I thought it would have been at this point. It's really strategic for us. It's an area that getting into the software business scenario we can build close relationships with our partners and more to come.
Darren Richard Huston: Well, thanks Ron. Yeah, we've – it's funny, before we launched Booking.com for Business, we had never really specifically targeted the business traveler, but we had a pretty good sense that business people were starting to show up to the platform. You see them using their business email address is the one indication we have. So starting about two years ago, we began to say, okay, how do we address the business traveler better? As you'll notice on our website, you don't even have to sign up for the tool, but if you say you're traveling on business, we'll highlight the hotels that are great for business people, we'll show you the review score just from business people, we'll show you amenities that business people care about, things like free Wi-Fi, breakfast, fitness facilities, things like that. That was the beginning of it. And then we started to see that people who marked their booking as business booking was growing faster than even leisure bookers. So then we built a really lightweight tool that helped the systems book on behalf of business bookers, help them track budgets, things like that. And then we saw another pretty good boost to the business. So yeah, it's one out of five today. There's various people who think that it should be, I would say, one out of two sometime in the long-term, because business is basically half of accommodations around the world. There's different reports. It might be 40%, might be 60%, but it's a wide variance. So we're going to continue to build in this space, but we've seen really positive traction. The benefits of business bookings to us are, generally they smooth out seasonality, which is nice; don't cancel as much, generally higher ADR than leisure bookings. So is a lot of positive benefits to business bookers, but I always remind people of is, every business person is a leisure traveler, not every leisure traveler is a business person. But when you do both kinds of travel, and if you're able to do them on one platform, there are a lot of benefits to that, and we of course give the tool for free, we give customer service for free, which is not the case with a lot of the travel management companies who support businesses today. So step-by-step, we're optimizing the product and we're quite optimistic about it for the future.
Darren Richard Huston: Yeah, and to the increase of properties in China, it's good you asked, actually the vast majority of them were built by Booking.com. They weren't acquired through the Ctrip partnership. We do have let's call it a small handful of hotels that we have with the Ctrip partnership, we're still optimizing; we had a lot of issues connecting systems, a lot of issues with the high bar that Booking.com has on content, and we want to make sure that the product in China is working absolutely in an outstanding fashion, and the Ctrip team has been responding to that. We haven't given up on it, but the numbers you're seeing have been largely self-built by Booking with a few handfuls. The other side of the commercial partnership with Ctrip is our product on their site, and that's gone very well and continues to grow. So I appreciate you asking, but if we do unlock on Ctrip, it will provide an extra boost to our property count, but right now, this is organic efforts going on at Booking.
Darren Richard Huston: Yeah, and on the TripAdvisor thing, I think I've largely answered this; obviously, it's a very tricky area and what we would never want to do is be a dumb pipe to somebody else's brand and we would never want to give our content away to somebody to book other people's bookings. And you'll see that we've done neither of those, so I feel great about where we came out at, and time will tell. Of course, every paid marketing partner we have, starting with Google all the way down, there's always that threat and you have to make a really strong balance between the challenge you're participating and how you're participating relative to the ROIs, and I think we do a really good job of that every single day, and I believe time will tell. I also by the way think it's great for TripAdvisor, and that's kind of the nature of partnership is they've got something that they need to achieve, we've got something we need to achieve and there was opportunity to come up with an answer and that's what we did, so let's see. I mean the best thing to do in these situations is find a good way to get in and begin experimenting and optimizing, and ultimately we both win if we can find a way to get a lot more bookings.
Darren Richard Huston: Yeah, we have a very – I guess it's worth saying, we're a very large business and we have a lot of varied channels and some are coming and going at all times. As Dan said, there's a whole cannibalization impact we don't know. A lot of that's going to be up to TripAdvisor as the media owner, how much do they expose of this product versus the other product, what's the balance that the customer wants to go to, do they want to go down the meta path, do they want to go down the Assist path, lots to learn. TripAdvisor's obviously a big player for us, but they're still overall a small percentage of our overall business. So it would have to be quite a significant incremental uptick to have a material impact on our results.
Darren Richard Huston: Yeah thanks, Steven. I would say more leaving the option. If you look at priceline.com, it's a real mix of merchant and agency and there's ways to merchandise the product. We've always had Booking.com on Agoda, although it was pretty varied, and only recently did we really up Booking.com's presence on Agoda, and now there's a really nice mix. For the customer, often it comes down to, well, do I pay now or do I pay later, how cancellable is the product, things like that, which can be messaged in the path. They don't necessarily see it as an agency versus a merchant product. It's just a different way to experience the accommodation from a payment standpoint.
Darren Richard Huston: The other thing you might just talk about Q4 a little bit and how acceleration in gross bookings can actually cost you in Q4, they have to check out (55:06) in Q1.
Darren Richard Huston: In terms of U.S. gross bookings, I'd say that the best way to look at our U.S. business and understand the trends will be the revenue and gross profit numbers that we'll continue to report. So revenue for OpenTable and KAYAK are reported in advertising and other, and then we'll give you the total U.S. revenue which will kind of give you a proxy on priceline.com so you get a sense for our U.S. travel business.
Darren Richard Huston: Yeah, thanks, Kevin. Well, first of all, it's always worth reminding people this is a very large market, so it's a competition you don't necessarily see on a day-to-day basis, and most of this market is booked in quite an inefficient way. But when we look at what we call vacation rentals which is our self-cater product, we have an inventory of 1.8 million bookable rooms. That's in the ballpark of what HomeAway and what Airbnb have. We may be booking different kinds of properties. HomeAway is actually quite focused on vacation homes. We're quite heavy in in-city apartments and things like that. We're also indexed very heavily in Europe. HomeAway indexes and Airbnb quite heavily in the United States. But we feel really good about the scale of our business, its growth. The nature of our booker may be different. There may be somebody who's looking for any form of accommodation versus a vacation home specifically. And this is a really critical market for us in the future. When you think about where we've come from, we came from the hotel space. We've now built a massive amount of inventory and multi-room unique accommodations that one wouldn't technically call a hotel, and now we're adding vacation homes, so that's the way we've approached the market. We feel good about our growth. It's quite fast and comparable, and we're a profitable company which is quite a difference as well. So we continue to build it out. I like the cards that we have, and I'm excited to look forward to where this all ends up. I think in the United States for sure there's more work to be done, and we now – if you look at our total property count, we're right in there with Expedia, if not a little bit more. You can see these on the website and we're going to continue to build out our unique accommodation portfolio in the United States and places that Americans like to go. That's a really high priority for us and a big focus in the coming quarters.
Darren Richard Huston: Well, I guess that's the last question. Thank you all very much. It's been the biggest quarter in history of The Priceline Group, however, we continue to be very optimistic about the future. And, again, I want to thank all of our employees for a fantastic summer and looking forward to a great 2016.
