David Goulden: Yes, Lloyd, this is Dave. Let me start that. So let me just kind of clarify the difference between what we expect and what we saw in the Q4. You have to look at Q4. You have to exclude the impact of the extra revenue when kind of doing your leverage and deleverage calculations. So on a like-with-like basis, we actually expected to get some deleverage in the performance marketing line. We actually wind up with a little bit leverage, which is part of the reason why we came over on our EBITDA guidance for the quarter. And based on what drove that compared to expectations was a little bit less volume than we're expecting in those channels and actually with ROIs that are in line with our guidance, where we spoke to you about the quarter, the beginning of it. And actually, if you look at my comments about Q1, you see a similar trend as well. We're expecting some leverage in the performance marketing channel again in Q1 because volumes are a little lower, but we're still getting solid ROIs against those volumes. So you'll see our mix towards direct continuing to increase as a result of that leverage we're getting in those channels. And then in terms of growth, I think we kind of gave you the growth investments, so we gave you a feel that they're going to impact our EBITDA growth this year by a few basis points. In terms of income statement, I kind of basically told you where you'll see them. Some of them will appear in the branding line, some of them will appear in the revenue line in terms of merchandising, customer acquisition, customer incentive programs. You'll see some increases in the personnel aligned to support those investments directly. In some of the countries where we talked about investing for long-term returns, there are some increases in performance marketing associated with those countries, but it's not a major part of the investment program.
David Goulden: Kevin, I'll take that. I mean, that really is the major factor. Just kind of stitched together the couple of points that we made to make sure that you kind of gotten. So, we said that -- as we said we guided for Q4, we expected some deceleration in room nights in the fourth quarter. From what we've seen we, obviously, came quite strongly out of the Q3 in September. We mentioned that we were seeing pretty good room night growth in October. And as we expected, we saw a step -- a little step down in the fourth quarter. And in fact, November and December room nights were quite comparable to each other, but a little bit less than October, and therefore, a little bit less than the average where we came out for the quarter. And then you jump off that point, and I think the rest of it kind of being true. We saw a step down, a bit of bounce back in Europe. And we really do believe that's tied to the macro and we looked at very carefully. And then we saw relatively similar performance in the first couple of months this quarter as we saw to the last few months of last quarter outside of Europe.
David Goulden: Yeah. Basically, yes. The EPS guidance, from a housekeeping point of view, we said that we expect to use our remaining authorization. So, we gave you a specific share count number for Q1, but in our guide for the full year, it assumes we extinguished our remaining authorization.
David Goulden: And Doug, let me just pick up on that and also clarify your question. Of course, payment's is very important but let's make sure it's not going to the entire business. We do believe that pay at the property, which has been a big piece of our business, continues to be a big piece of our business is also very important part of our portfolio, and a lot of our customers and a lot of our partners also like that as well. So it's bringing an additional capability to complement what we do so well at Booking.com. And then to comment upon your question on the Q1 guide. No, our Q1 guide does not assume a deceleration. That's why I did not say that. In fact, specifically, we said that January was, in fact, again, with the rest of the world being relatively consistent with December, I said that, in Europe, January was a step-down and February was a step-up. So it reflects what we've seen so far and our expectations the rest of the core, but it does not reflect the deceleration.
David Goulden: Yes. And then -- sorry, I obviously, covered a lot of things in my earlier comments, but I did talk about direct. And just to confirm and recap, the direct channel did grow faster. We used to say it was approximately 50 -- approximately half the business, now we're seeing it's over half the business and growing faster down the average. So, we have the direct channel of over half and growing faster than the average. We've got mobile over half and going faster than the average. And we've got the alternative business at about 20% of our revenues, a high percentage of our room nights and also growing faster. So, each three those are doing well and growing faster than the average.
David Goulden: Yeah. And then, Anthony, just to clarify, to build up on Glenn's point, just to make sure everyone is clear, when we talked about these incremental investments that we make in 2019, incremental above investments that we normally make with the regular size and growth of the business, these are all focused upon driving growth. They're focused upon branding. They're focused upon customer acquisition. They're focused upon merchandising, incentive programs. They're all focused on driving incremental customers to our platform, driving incremental transactions and driving loyalty. So top-line focus.
David Goulden: And it size together what the work we're doing, booking also to bring in the cars and rides, and put together these great trips. So it's a very important part of our building out the connected trip experience for our customers.
David Goulden: Let me take the second one. As you've got to look at everything on a constant currency, Easter adjusted basis. Sorry you have to do that, but unfortunately it's the only way to kind of look at things on a like-for-like basis. So you look at the basis into the first quarter, room night growth is 6 to 8, and gross booking growth is 5 to 7, so pretty consistent. There's an ADR difference. We do expect ADR and we're seeing a little bit of pressure on ADRs tied to the macro, we're seeing it tied to two things. One, we are seeing a little bit less international traveler into certain cities. And those international travel transaction since we have higher ADR. And also we are seeing some local pricing pressure as well impacting the ADR. So that's the story between room night growth and gross bookings on a like-for-like basis during the first quarter. And then, just to recap again, what we said on the fourth quarter, we're expecting to get some deleverage from the performance marketing channels. We've got a little bit of leverage. That's because there was just lest volume there than we expected, but we're pleased with ROIs and we're pleased with the share that we maintained in those performance marketing channels. So it's a function of volume we saw in the channel as opposed to anything else.
David Goulden: Really, just to kind of put those two points back together again, if you think about it, we did better than we expected in the Q4 on room nights growth. And as we just said, we got a little bit less volume from the performance marketing channels. So the fact that we were able to beat our room night growth guidance for the quarter and an important channel for us had a little less volume than we expected I think that's a good thing. Therefore, we were able to still lean in elsewhere and do better than we had thought we might do.
David Goulden: Yeah. Brent, just to kind of give you a little bit of color and tell which is the smallest of the three areas. We told you there's going to be some impact you'll see on the branding line, some impact you'll see on the revenue line, some impact you'll see on the personnel line. Well the personnel line is by far the smallest of those three. The other two are the major spend areas and the personnel increase, so really those we're adding to support those growth initiatives.
Glenn Fogel: Well, actually, Kevin, it's actually that and many more. There are lots of different ways to put that money to work and achieve what we want to do in terms of ROI that we think is acceptable over the long run. And certainly, the two you mentioned are there, and there are a lot of other ones as to which geography you're in to. If you go to -- similar things happening in the Asian marketplace where there is a significant more price competition with discounting by wholesalers that's being put into retail, all sorts of things. We need to be able to compete with that straight out. If we don't have -- provide a value to our customers, we're not going to get those customers. We've got to do that. Certainly, there are things like potential loyalty programs. There are different things for just bringing in new customers. And even things, I'll give you an example, it's a small thing. But I got a postcard yesterday from Booking.com that offered up -- a snail mail that offered me a discount if I went to the site and went in. So, lots of different things to do. And on top of those pure ones, it's important to getting the packages with different types of our inventories, different types of our products to create a better value, that we may end up doing some subsidy for us, but we may also be working partially with suppliers. So, for example, we have new deals with DiDi and Grab, those are ground transportation companies primarily. We're working with them. We remain together, worked to be able to get more customers to those companies in areas that they need, where they help us get us customers in areas that we need and doing different types of cooperative types of marketing programs that will help us get more customers. Lots of different ways to do that and we're not going to always be measuring which ones are given us the best ROI.
Glenn Fogel: Doug, you're right. This payment platform is a very important paying for Booking.com as we go forward and developing its merchant capability, so we can provide this greater merchandising and a couple of things I just mentioned. You need a payment platform to be able to do some of the things I just talked -- answering Kevin's question. So that's the basics there. But there's even more. Just simple, yeah, I mentioned how important it is for our alternative accommodations business, that we want to continue to grow that out. Well, that's also a very important thing to have, because as you go after those single-home property owners, we're not that sophisticated. The old agency method that we used primarily at Booking.com is not really the thing that they want to use. They're not planning to be there and take a credit card and then get a bill from us to send us our commission. They want to have a merchant product there. So that's important thing, too. It's one of those things we're always going to be working on because our payments platform is not just the simple thing in America where we're using credit cards. There are new payment systems throughout the world that are coming up all the time, and we need to be able to provide that to both sides of our marketplace. There are people on the supply side that we connect to Alipay. I want to be part of WeChat Pay. That's how I want to get my money and you've got to do that. Same thing on the customer who wants to pay. They say hey, I want to use Paytm or I want to do M-Pesa. I can go through an endless list of these things. So when we talk about payment platform, we're talking about something's global and able to use throughout and helping to reduce that friction in the entire transaction.
Glenn Fogel: I'll take that and I'm going to reverse, because it is exciting, the second part of your question, about being able to use the payment platform, not necessarily something that's increasing cost, or it's something actually over time, will actually enable us to make more money. And given the volumes that we put through and are going putting through in the future, I believe that is a great opportunity but that is down the road. Right now, in terms of incentivization and why -- listen, as David just mentioned, our agency a product is still a -- it’s a nice part of the progress. It's the way people, major hotels are still going buy one or two for some time. But again, I go back to the thing about merchandising, putting in packages. One of the things we always try and emphasize how we try and work with our supplier partners cooperatively in a way that adds value to both of us. And having that merchant payment product available so that we can combine a hotel with another service in a way that helps bring that customer to that hotel in a way that is frictionless, easy, makes that payment so much easier for the customer, well, I think hotels are going want to want to do that if it gets them more business. And I think that's really the incentive for that. Over time, it could also be a volume issue where we can make or do a payment product that is significantly less expensive for smaller hotels in other parts of the world where their costs are higher.
Glenn Fogel: All right. So, I'll take that first and I'll let David talk about growth and speed. I think that it'll be interesting -- we need more time to see if this uncertainty factor that I met, this propensity, perhaps, to wait to book. We'll need a little more time to see if it's going to be drastic change and that is what is happening right now. I would say that it was interesting in the third quarter where we did have a lot of people who, obviously, waited to book because of either World Cup, or the heat or whatever, and we did see that delayed pick up and bookings in third quarter. Things a little early to say exactly and I'm going think also what's going to happen in the macro environment.
Glenn Fogel: So, one of the thing -- it may be a little confusing, is the difference between what our steady growing listings, growing the business, and sort of our steady state, that's what we do all the time versus what we try and call out a little bit here is that we're doing a step-up in investments. The listings is not a step-up added investments that's going continue to grow our business and I want to do something of the important, but we don't see that as a different thing that we're doing right now. So, that would not be as part of what we're talking about the step up investments. In terms of what we need to do to make that business continue to accelerate, do well is all the elements that we've done -- all of our business forever, and that is -- I think one of the key things is really is just getting that knowledge out among certain groups of customers around the world who may not have as much knowledge that we have this great product. And yes, I mentioned I called out where I think we a little bit of shortfall in some parts of it, but the fact is, in the U.S. we've got a great product. And we do need though to make more customers aware of it, and that's part of the coming out with that new branding campaign that we launched two days ago. You won't see it and the stuff you're seeing the right these couple of days that's coming out in terms of, as part of it, to make sure that people are aware that we have a non-hotel accommodation product that is out there, that is good. And we talked about the reason why we think it's a great thing, about the fact that instant confirmation. We talked about that you can see that on the same search results as your traditional so you can do a comparison. We talked about how you don't need hit at the end with a fee at the end. All these reasons that we think we have a great product, but definitely getting that branding out and that scenario we talked about, increasing our spend. In terms of actually looking at numbers and inflection points, I think that there's nothing that I would see that we saw a crack, oh my God, this is a difference. We're going to have a huge inflection point. This is a little bit of blocking and tackling do all the right things and continue to do it day-in and day-out, and we'll get there.
Glenn Fogel: So it is important. And as David just said, we're trying to just show a little difference into one of the incremental things that we're doing to drive growth. It's a very important part of our business. We bought FareHarbor, put that in. I can tell you now, we have over 100 cities now, and I think almost 120 that have these attractions and things people can do when they show up. And we talked about in the long run, how important it is to offer that holistic solution for our customer. And that goes back to why we're having this payment problem. You've got to have that to put together all the elements of the trip, and reduce the friction for that customer. So the fact that we didn't throw it out, and we didn't talked about it, we're half an hour into our prepared remarks and stuff. I'm glad you ask the question, so I could make a point that this is still extremely important part, and we're very pleased with some of the progress we're seeing there.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. I don't think we're going to able to give you more color. Those are -- the ones we listed out are the important ones. And one thing I'll make a point of is that we set up a budget, we think of what it's going to be for the year and we put it out and then we start actually executing. And as you go throughout the year, you may notice some things are performing better than other things. We want to put more money into things or things are not working as well and you pull that back. So even if I were to give color say, okay this is as of this moment here's what we're going to spend -- it's still not going to be that helpful because these things I know will change as the environment changes.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So we believe that areas of slowdown can be great opportunities to gain share, develop loyalty, increase your value to your supplier partners. When things start getting a little bit slower, our hotel partners are looking for getting demand wherever they can. They look at the incremental. And they want to be able to say can you supply somebody in this bed? And as you know, hotels have high fixed costs. They need to get that person to help hit their bottom-line or get us close as they can to make a breakeven environment. I've had the fortunate of going through some of these in the past. I've been the company now -- it's not more than 19 years. So we've been through this before. We've been able to add value in the past. And I suspect if things do slow down a bit, that we can position ourselves in a way that, as we come out, we'll be even stronger.
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. That is a good point, because as we pointed out, just having great service in your product, that's not very helpful if people don't know about it. One of the great things, as people become more mobile savvy and as they're using their mobile devices more and more, and you're able to push opportunities to be able to communicate more with them, you're able to demonstrate what the value can by going to our systems. And we see this developing around the world, this concept of the super app type thing. And this is everything from all the way, from the WeChat, which is completely know so many different things you can do off that. To things that are a little bit not quite but are -- our partner now with Grab is doing a lot of different stuff. We need to make sure that our customers are aware of these great things. I'm not as concerned though about being able to communicate what the value is. And I think we're not going to be there when we set these things up, as we continue to set them up. I think it's going to be fine.
Glenn Fogel: So first, I just want make sure we're on the same page, I said nicely profitable. That was the word I used, not solidly. But, I believe all new types of technology that we're developing are going to reduce that cost over time for both non-hotel accommodations and hotel accommodations. And it's interesting which ones will help the most, fastest I don't know the answer to that. I do know though that some of the things that we see, even right now in terms of lowering our customer service cost. And because we do have more customer service contacts with our non-hotel accommodations area. This is an area where we probably will get a benefit more there than we would in hotels, but there can be other examples that could go on the other way. The fact is though one of the benefits for a company, having the size and scale that we have, the ability to go out and hire lots of really smart AI-type people, help developed technologies that we can then put into our platform, distribute throughout the world for all of our supplier partners, we're providing a value that they can't do on their own. That adds to the reason why they connect with us, that's the reason why they give us the information, that's the reason why they want to work with us. That something that we do that they can't do as well, particularly somebody who is not a multi-billion dollar global chain. If you're not one of those, you're definitely not going to be able to play that game. We bring that to them.
Glenn Fogel: I'll answer the second one. I haven't kept up with the details of that, so I'm just going to pass on that. I think that if it was significant, right now, though I'd know. So that's one.  Let's go with the second thing. Any type of non-hotel accommodation whether it be a single home that is operated by a mom-and-pop that do it once a year for one-week all the way up to very sophisticated players who have multiple units and are working with multiple distribution channels, we want to be able to get all these people onto the platform. The thing that we want to do though is in the right order, at the right times and the right amount of money and obviously go for the more profitable ones first. So that -- for the ones you're mentioning I think those are sometimes more costly. We got significant number of sophisticated owners and to deal with to get them onto the platform, but we'll get to them all eventually.
Glenn Fogel: So, I want to thank everybody for the call. In summary, I am very pleased with our performance in 2018 as we met many important financial and strategic goals. And I'm truly excited about our upcoming key investments for 2019 as we position the company for long-term growth. And finally I want to thank everyone who made 2018 such a successful year, including our supplier, our marketing partners and now more than 24,000 employees distributed across more than 300 offices around the world and most of all our traveler customers who are out there being what we call our new advertising campaign, the bookers, the doers, the people out there exploring the world. By doing this they're making the world a better place. Good night.
