David Goulden: Okay. Kevin, let me take that. So I think there's a couple of important things to understand relative to the Q3 guidance. You talked about some of them. Obviously, if you go back to June, we still have the strong guide, strong result in Q2 against relative easy compare. As I mentioned, what happened last year, that delayed summer booking season pushed more bookings into Q3, making a harder compare coming up. I think there's an important ways to step back and kind of look at what's going on across Q1 and Q2 and our Q3 guide because there's been a few normalizing factors. Obviously, Easter had impacts to the positive on Q1 from a room night point of view, and obviously, just the negative in Q2, and then the World Cup and weather has the opposite impact. It helps us to the positive in Q3 and to the negative -- as we said, it's positive in Q2 and then negative in Q3. If you kind of normalize for all those factors, essentially, the normalized room night growth of Q1, Q2, and Q3 projected are all in a similar band. And that's the way to kind of think about what's going on. Obviously, as we move through Q3, the compare gets a little harder because as we said, last year, we saw the majority of the growth in September, but we try and stay away from the kind of enter within the quarter monthly compares and give you a flavor of how the quarter's going to look and just remind you that our approach to guidance hasn't changed.
David Goulden: Okay. Sure. Justin, sure. So let me go to Brexit first. We've not disclosed how much the U.K. is. I think a couple of years ago, we went back in 2016 and said it was less than 10% of our business. And broadly, that's not too bad a data point to think about. What we see happening simply in these situations is around an event people might slow down, and they get nervous. But after the event, they kind of recover. So we saw that in the early part of the year that went. It looked like there was a Brexit going to happen in the early part of the year into the U.K. We saw a bit of a slowdown, then we saw a nice rebound in the market when it looked like that was being pushed off. So I think we do see some short-term sentiment changing around the actual event itself. Obviously, there's 2 factors today. There's what level of uncertainty is great. And then if there's any impact to the currency, does that devalue the pound? Does that make it more expensive for British travelers to go overseas? But generally, our experiences have been short term in nature and they rebound quickly. So it's hard to give a precise number. But as Glenn said, we kind of looked at all those things. Right now, of course, that's looking like a Q4 thing rather than a Q3 thing, but it's something that we're watching quite carefully.
David Goulden: Okay. Let me take two those questions, Deepak. So now I commented on the customer acquisition programs. So if you remember, they were one of the 3 areas that we were investing. We talked about the -- a few points of EBITDA growth investments would cost us this year. And there was one of the 3 areas, with obviously, merchandising and brand being the other 2. As I mentioned, we see positive results on some of those programs, not all of them, but we're always moving our spend towards the ones that have the higher ROIs. We're not in a position to make a comparison here between the different brands, but positive ROI compared to our expectations. And then also, for obvious reasons, we're not going to sit here and tell you exactly which ones are working or not either, and you wouldn't want us to either think either as members of our environments. But we're pleased about the ones that -- we rolled out a number of them. We've obviously pulled some back. We've focused upon some. The ones that we are now focused upon are doubling down on we think our ROIs and our driving growth. As I mentioned, the early stages, in totality, these investment programs, they're not making a huge difference to our room night growth this year. I talked about the fact we now expect the returns are going to be more similar across the first half and the second half. So now that's the color I can give you on the customer acquisition programs. Back to Q3 room night guide, I'm not going to repeat what I said on the first -- on the answer to the first question. I've covered a number of points on that, but I think that what you should assume is that our approach to guidance hasn't changed. We cannot look at everything in front of us, and I think we are consistent in terms of how will we call our guidance and what our expectation is vis-à-vis guidance. I'd say, obviously, these year-on-year compares when you are looking at comparing unusual events make our process just a little bit harder. And obviously, we were pleased to the positive in June, and we know we have a strong compare coming up against us in September. But as we said, we cannot factor all into account, plus the macro things that Glenn talked about, and give us -- and give you our best view of guidance taking those things into account and try to be consistent in terms of how we do that vis-à-vis our expectations.
David Goulden: Sure. So this is David. Let me give you the answer to that. So the main driver in that difference in Q3 is ADRs, which, as I mentioned -- which we're down 150 basis points in Q2 and we're forecasting to be down 250 basis points in Q3. The underlying trends are actually quite similar, but in Q3, you've got this additional compare of a year ago when we actually had a rather unusual increase in ADRs. They're up over 1% year-on-year. So then the real question is kind of what's driving those ADRs in Q2 that are kind of more consistently running into Q3 and excluding that kind of lapping effects. And there's basically three factors that are driving those ADRs. One, is some local rate and pricing pressure, some geo mix factors, where some of the lower ADR countries are growing faster than some of the higher ADR countries around the world. And then, we're also seeing some kind of rate pressure, particularly for people coming into the U.S., where the dollar has been strengthening against the euro in some important destinations like New York and Miami, where European travelers are still going on sort of vacations to those locations, but they may be trading down in the size of the hotel or the star ratings of the hotel that they're moving into because, obviously, the euro has been growing less far in the U.S. So those are the facts that are kind of really driving the 1.5% we saw in Q2. Then you've got this additional lapping factor in Q3 that gives you the difference, which we talked about.
David Goulden: Yes. I think it's -- we certainly have some geo mix factors that we have -- obviously, a large percentage of our booking base coming into -- or coming from Europe because we are very global, but we still have a big European presence. And obviously, as the euro has weakened, that has affected some of these factors that we talked about, particularly for people traveling from Europe into U.S. or into other parts of the world like Asia, where currency is kind of pegged more to the U.S. or have done stronger by themselves. So that's what we see happening. I think that the rate that we saw in Q2 is kind of more indicative of the underlying trend that we're seeing. And obviously, to the extent that some of those currency changes start to move the other way, we could see things pick up. But that's what we're seeing.
David Goulden: James, this is David. Let me take the first one. I think we're relatively clear where we saw the outperformance versus our expectations in Q2. It was very much in Europe, where we saw most of the impacts from the unusual combination of the unfavorable weather patterns in the World Cup happening in Europe last year. I say that we didn't see all those impacts just in Europe because some -- certain other countries who did well and are very football-centric also had a strong June as well. But the major impact was, again, doesn't compare. The major impact was -- Europe was, in June. And as I mentioned, what's happened now is that we've had lower expectations, lower expectations in both Q1 and Q2 for Europe, but Europe is outperforming in both quarters vis-à-vis our expectations. But we do recognize that the macro environment in Europe remains cautious. And we all read the same headlines and economic outlooks, et cetera, coming out of Europe and out of the region. But we'd be pleased with our results in Europe at both Q1 and Q2 vis-à-vis our expectation. I think we were relatively clear as to where that was happening. So hopefully that answers the first part, and I'll ask -- hand over to Glenn to talk about China outbound.
Glenn Fogel: Sure, Kevin. So you saw that France passed the tax, and there are a number of other countries that are also lining up to potentially put a similar tax into effect. We are, of course, very disappointed to have seen this. We believe companies should pay their fair share of taxes, but we want those taxes to be done equitably and fairly applied to all companies. So what has been applied does not do that. It's very hard to guess what's going to happen. You may have seen some of the remarks that have come out of the U.S. administration that we're very against the French tax, that believe it is focused primarily against American companies, and there have even been some remarks by the American administration about tariffs against France as a counter. So who knows how this is going to play out? End of the story is we can't write the laws. We can only lobby and express that we do not believe this DST is the right way to go forward to ensure that people are paying their fair taxes.
Glenn Fogel: Sure, Mark. So in terms of the brand advertising, let's say it's a mixed situation right now, but I think we laid it out really when David talked about it. We always want things to do better, but we've always been very clear in saying that we are a company that believes in experiment, test, see results and adjust if things aren't what we want them to be. So we're going to continue to do that. Though, as David said, we are going to be refining going for the second half of the year, in terms of what the spend will be. I do believe that brand advertising has an important part in the overall way to bring customers to us. Particularly, it brings us direct. And we've talked about this in the past how important it is for us to continue to build our direct business. That is one of our key strategies going forward. And I think if you look at some other people in the travel space, you will see that some who have achieved certain positive results by doing brand advertising. And we talked in the past how we believe that as things become more and more digitally based, brand advertising has the potential for being much more effective in terms of understanding what the ROIs will be. So in terms of when do you say, "Oh, it's not working. Let's stop doing." I don't think that's ever going to happen. I think print advertising is always going to be important for anybody who's in the retail business. I do believe that we need to continue to work on this and improve upon it, and I'm looking forward to us doing that. In terms of your second question about the attractions business, we believe that attractions is a very important part of our connected trip. Nobody goes to a city to sit that he hotel. They want to do things. So we believe that providing something that is seamless, frictionless, easy to use and giving people all the information they need to do things, helps provide a better experience in terms of how they are going to get these attractions. We believe that, and we've seen it very slightly right now, and I said they are very early, but we're seeing benefit from people who have bought an attraction from us, achieved a very seamless, frictionless, easy-to-do thing, and for whatever reason, believe that this is the way we should book travel. And they are coming back more frequently. I don't know how big it will be yet, but I do know that we are pleased with the results so far, and we're going to continue to build on it. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're also slowly beginning to roll out the ability to buy attractions separate from having first bought an accommodation. I don't have any data to come back to you in terms of how much that's going to make people in the future come and sort of cross-sell these accommodation to them, but I do believe that by bringing people all the things they need when they travel, make it a one-stop place to shop, and giving them all the things they need, plus all the customer service that you can bring them in case something goes wrong and being able to fix everything at once, because when things go wrong, they cascade throughout the trip, I believe that provides a better result for the customers and one of the reasons that we will be able build greater loyalty.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I am speaking specifically about the new campaign that we launched at the end of February. And how I reconcile that, the fact that we're still doing well, I guess would be that I'd like us to be doing better. I don't know how else to say that except I'd like to see do better. And again, I'm not saying it's not doing okay. I'm just saying I'd like it to do better. There are certain parts when you look at our brand health metrics that are good, and you look at some that you would like them to be better. As we said, we're always going to test and learn, and this is just another way that we're going to do it. 
Glenn Fogel: Well, we take all factors when we're putting together our guidance, and we do it the same every quarter. We look at everything we can and put everything into the calculations, and this is what we come up with. I will say that we all recognize that there are some interesting things happening right now that may have some negative impacts on travel down the road. And everything from what you've recently seen, certain of those central banks have indicated that the macro environment may be weakening to certain other parts in terms of unrest between certain countries. U.S., China being a big one, and then, certain local things whether it be in Europe or others. So we've put everything together, and this is the number that we came up with.
Glenn Fogel: Well, it kind of ties to that first question, actually. One of the benefits that I've had is being part of bringing all the different companies into the group. So I know what they do well. I know where our strengths are, and I know how they can work together. And one of the key things is understanding all the senior management and all the different companies and helping us all work together to create this greater system. So that's one of the biggest reasons. The second reason is I want to bring the execution rate faster. I want to make things happen quicker. I believe that urgency is important in this business, and I want to come and bring this new holistic system to our customers faster.
Glenn Fogel: And in terms of what our investments to date and what we think that's done in terms of our result, for us, I think we have so much upside still ahead of us. We really haven't started to get the great benefits I believe we're going to get at what we're trying to create and all the things that we're spending money on. And I can give you some examples of things that I see down the road, and they all come together. And we've talked a little bit about attractions already. I believe that is a big win. Not a lot of people are using it yet. Yes, we have over 100,000 different things people can do. Yes, we have more cities, but that 200 and something locations, that's relatively small compared to the world, but even more so the awareness of it. So we're going to be pushing that out. The thing I mentioned about that ground transportation, I believe when you can provide a much more efficient, seamless way to get that ride from your home to the airport, to the hotel, and then to do things, I believe that's going to help increase things. When I look at things like we've talked about our investments in Grab and DiDi, we have not yet rolled out those apps that will enable the people to be able to get around very efficiently using the Booking.com or the Agoda apps. So there's so many things down the road that we have not yet begun to actually see the results in the top and bottom lines. And I am just very encouraged about the future. 
Glenn Fogel: So let me just do the second part first because that's relatively easy. We haven't given any more disclosure about that. I should say they're still growing faster than our other -- our main hotel business. So that's about the only color I can give you to date on that. In regards to OpenTable, there are really 2 things to think about here. There's the thing I've always talked around the past. The reason we bought OpenTable, and we always joke about it and I say it all the time, that 100% of our customers, when they're traveling, don't eat at home. So this is a great service to provide to them. But the other thing which you mentioned, which is something a little different, and it actually is an important thing, and that is the awareness factor. And if you look at one of the companies that we've made an investment in, in China, Meituan, which really started out with the delivery business, and then moved into the travel business, and using high frequency of food delivery to develop a customer base that was then pushing out of travel, that is a way to help increase the awareness of your travel business. So that is a positive. Now whether better or worse than brand advertising, I don't have ROIs in front of me because we're just rolling it out right now, but I do see that as a way to help increase the awareness of our travel business. And again, also to merchandising opportunities that come to mind in terms of when you have more than one service, you can do all different types of value plays. It helps make people want to continue to come and use your service more often.
Glenn Fogel: So in terms of reducing that friction, and you mentioned payments there is a very important area, people want to pay in different ways, but not every accommodation has the ability or even once have the ability to accept payment that way. As you know, Booking.com grew up on an agency platform where the customer paid at the desk, at the hotel, at the end of the stay. That doesn't work so well. If somebody wants to use M-Pesa or Paytm, and I can go through an incredibly large number of different payment methods. We removed that friction. Somebody can come to us and use the payment method they want, and we're then able to pay to accommodation an easy way. So right away, that's removing a part of the friction that goes much beyond that. And so, for example, in the attractions, when somebody has already booked a hotel with us in Booking.com and then goes to get an attraction, I've used the service, and I'm looking at something to do, I just one click, my payment method is already in the Booking.com system. I don't have to do anything else. So when I'm going, I'm just showing a QR code at the place of attraction, and I'm through the line. Much easier. Really removes that issue. And even more so, you can do all friction merchandising we talked about, suppliers that want more demand can offer up to us lower prices that we can then push out to our customers and bring more demand to those suppliers. Lots of ways to play with that. So I think there are all different ways, and I think that's one of things down the road that again will give people a reason to be using our service throughout their travel trip. Regarding single properties, we haven't given any more data about that. But it's doing well. Look, we know how important it is. We know it's critical, to continue to have an incredible breadth of different types of alternative accommodations, and I'm pleased with what's being done around the world on that, but I don't have a specific number to give you on that.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. We always try and maintain a good balance. In any investment we make, we're always looking at what's the return? How fast? And is it something that we should spend more or less on and continue to modify as we go throughout? As you get further out trying to make what you think you're going to end up spending in terms of things, it's very hard to know now, but I do want to give confidence to our investors that our historical record of always being careful with our funds and using it appropriately is something that should give them comfort. That being said, we know that there is a bit of a race for this connected trip. We know that our competitors are trying to build something very similar. We know that people who are very large suppliers talk about being able to bring other services with them, too, and you look at people who may not be considered to be classic competitors of ours, but are very, very big in the travel space, are also talking about putting these things together. Given that, if we see the opportunity to increase spend, if we're getting the return that we like, we may accelerate, but these are things we'll see down the road.
Glenn Fogel: All right. So in terms of the U.S., and I wanted -- look, we want to -- the U.S. is a great opportunity for us because we're underindexed. And that's something that we recognize, a need to do better and to try and get more than our fair share is what we always want. And that's many things we want to do. It's not just a supply in the alternative accommodation, that's one small part of the business. It's all areas. It's the merchandising we talk about. It's being able to provide a payment product in the U.S. for U.S. customers that is effective and efficient. There are many different areas, so I see that as all upside for us, and it's something that excites me. The second thing about the social is interesting because in many parts -- well, in some parts of the world, our usual way of getting demand is not effective. There is no Google in China, for example. So you need to have another strategy, and that many things are social. And we do see more and more people using social as a way to make decisions for travel. And we meet with all the key players in different parts of social, whether the people at Instagram, Facebook, Snap, even Twitter, always looking. What is the best way to try and bring customers to our site? What's the most efficient way with a good ROI? And we're working all the time with them. I will be open and say that is not -- the ROIs are not as effective, and it's not as easy to scale yet as some of our other long-term use channels like Google, for example. That being said, we are going to continue work on it. We're going to continue to work with all these different companies because we do believe that this will be an important leg down the road to bring in demand.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. China outbound, interesting situation. I assume you're aware that 2018, for example, was the first time that China to U.S. was an actual decline, not an increase in terms of total number of Chinese travelers coming to the U.S. Our business definitely is impacted by these type of events, such as U.S.-China trade disputes, and then you see things happening on TV in Hong Kong. You read about things happening in terms of people going from China to Taiwan, from mainland to Taiwan, and there are certain restrictions being put in place there. So all sorts of different things that are impacting the outbound business. Our point, though, is China is a great opportunity for the long run. There's, in the long run, going to be a lot more Chinese travelers outbound, so it's important that one doesn't just pull back because of any sort of short-term blip. We have approximately 1,000 people in China working to make sure we're providing great service to the Chinese travelers. And we'll continue to do what is appropriate to build our Chinese business because we do believe that this will be a long-term benefit to our company.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I think I'll just cover the second part where the way you said it is correct. We may, and it will depend entirely on what we're seeing in terms of performance ROIs and how fast things are being developed. In terms of your first question, I'm not sure if you'll appreciate the answer, but it is the truth, and that this is a little bit like bridge painting. You're never done. You're never done. You're always going to come with new things to do things better. And that's actually the nature of all type of technological services. And you look at anything that has been created, it's never completely done. You're always trying to improve, and that's what the connected trip will always be. That being said, I do believe in the not-so-distant future, we'll start seeing some real benefit from what we're doing. And that will be something that we'll be able to bring to you with some more concrete data.
Glenn Fogel: Okay. I want to thank everyone. Once again, I'm going to tell you how pleased we are about our solid Q2 results. And we remain excited about our future as we execute our long-term growth plans. So thank you very much for joining. And with that, I'm going to turn it back to the operator.
