Glenn Fogel: Hi, Lloyd. While I’ll take that first one, I'll let David go back over the timing issues that you just asked about. So your question really is trying to predict the future, which is always an interesting adventure, particularly over the last couple of years that we've all gone through. As I've said, David was saying, we're very pleased with where we are. And we're happy with what's happening. I think everybody around the world is happy about travel coming back. And we've mentioned how some of the trends that we're like -- that we like seeing in Asia where things are getting better, we know they're not as good as they are in Europe or in the US. That's a good positive sign. Hopefully that will continue. We're also pleased with the things that we've been saying that throughout Europe and Western Europe and Eastern Europe coming back that so we're all very happy where we are, but we never know. We never know what's going to happen. You know that we've done this. We had a call, our last call. And then there was a terrible, terrible news shortly thereafter, what happened in Ukraine and if you recall going back a quarter before that, COVIND omicron came out of nowhere. So we all know that the world is, let's say volatile right now. But I will say I am happy where we are. And I'm pleased with the incredible good job of execution our team has done. And, David, I'm not sure you want to add any more than that.
Glenn Fogel: And, Brian, talking about connected trip. So connected trip is a long term vision. And it's going to take some time before we get to where I believe we need to be in terms of a truly step functional change in the way people are currently, by exploring going through travel, I think we all know how difficult it is. And we all know that it should be better. So that's the goal down the road. In 2023, we're still going to be pretty early in this, I think I would think it's, we're still in the base level of just getting great verticals up and running, so that they by themselves are fantastic, good product for people to use. And then just the basic-cross selling things that we think is a first step to get towards that connected trip. And if you ask me one of the biggest things for 2023. Well, the things I just talked about right now flights right now, I really liked the fact again, the new customers coming in, and they're coming in, they're buying a meaningful number of buyer combinations. And we haven't optimized this yet. That's something important. Then on top of that, I mentioned in my prepared remarks about just beginning small experiments with other types of verticals, and how putting these things together can give a better experience to a customer. The great thing about these things is trying to build a belief that coming to us to Booking.com is the best way to go. So getting more repeat business and getting this do it on the app, so that we don't pay for that person to come and increase that loyalty. So there's a lot of ways trying to increase this flywheel. So people know the products better and coming to us. And as we continue to do that, get more information, be able to provide a better proposal to them a better offer to them that they can work more easily. And it continues to build on its own. It's going to take time, though. And in 2023, I don't think you're going to see huge numbers from all things I just talked about. But you will see incremental improvement.
Glenn Fogel: So let me tell you in general, and David, I'm not sure you want to talk in terms of any sort of numbers and levers or whatever. But yes, we are very pleased with what we're seeing. But I believe it's a combination of many things that we're working on is really is a game of execution in the small details, means you're working with partners and getting the right price, the right inventory. And then it's making sure we're showing it to the customer at the right time in the right way. And it means also doing things we're talking about with alternative accommodations, bring in a few, bringing in some incremental more supply there, making sure we're working to come up with ways that works better, so that the customers having a better experience and their payments are more smooth, et cetera. I can go through a lot of little things that we're working on. And each one builds on its own. It makes it a better experience. Now, yes, we have a brand effort in the US, as you hopefully remember back from our Super Bowl, we, I believe a very good ad and we're continuing this is not just a one and done. It's a campaign. And we tie that with some efforts in social and we're doing a lot of different things to try to increase our awareness getting that top of mind awareness in the US, for example, helping build that. But this is a global effort really, in terms of trying to build our business by doing all the little things that make it a better product, because in the long run, the better product is what's going to win. And David, I don’t know, if you want to speak anything specific in terms of ROIs or levers right there and nature.
Glenn Fogel: Yes, and I'd just say, look, I'm very pleased with what we've done over the last 2.5 years since this pandemic started. What we've been doing in building out our business in the US, and I made the point of how important was strategically to do better in the US because we had been under indexed in the US. And we've been doing a lot of blocking tackling over these 2.5 years in the midst of this pandemic. And we're beginning to see it come through, and I'm very pleased with the results up through Q1.
Glenn Fogel: Do you want me to go first? So, Mark, here's the thing. I have seen over two decades, people have been talking about a connecting trip, because travel in this problem since we started buying travel online, and no human being do it for us. Certainly, the technological landscape has changed significantly, since we first started doing this when I first joined this company in 2000. And now we have so many new things that we can use to make this better, the idea of mobile apps, but even more so all the machine learning, AI to be able to do better types of predictability. What's happening, what can be better for a person, how we can see is there a potential problem in the future, we can fix it before it happens. So many things, I believe this can be done will be done, and we are the ones we're going to do. Okay, but we're not there yet. So to say it hasn't happened, it hasn't happened yet. Because we've been built all this yet. I believe it will happen. And I do believe it's necessary, because I don't believe that people should have to suffer the way they do right now in trying to do a simple family trip. That being said, though, it is going to take time, we're going to get there. But we're not going to show up next quarter or the next year to say here's the incredible increase in our business, it is going to be incremental. It's going to take time, but I absolutely believe this is where it's going to be. And David, I’ll let you take yours.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So may be talk a little bit about trying to build our supply areas where we think we need it. And I've talked about this in the past in the alternative accommodations area, where we think we are not as well positioned as some of our competitors, stating the fact particularly in the US, so we absolutely need to go out. And firstly, sure we got a product that people own properties want to put on our platform. That's kind of the new things I talked about in terms of the liability insurance, in terms of payment system that is actually workable and works well even that. But then we have to make people aware of this. And that's going out, we mentioned we have a new campaign out, we're spending money. And it's more than just marketing out there. It's actually individuals talking with the big owners of multiple, multiple properties, make sure they understand what we can bring to them. That's how we start to bring in more of that because we don't have the supply. You've never becoming business. So we do that. And then we obviously have the second the other side of this two sided marketplace, make sure that consumers are aware of this too and make sure they're coming to it. That's how we're going to do this over time. And it's obviously something that I've been talking about for a long time, I'm sure people will get a little tired of me saying it. But it's this is where we're going. I mentioned how we are, we did have a net increase in alternative accommodations, very pleased about that. And we are going to keep on building this. And it builds on itself. This is again, it's one of those things where it's like a snowball, and you need to get it rolling. And then it will build more and more faster and faster. It's going to take some time. I'm pleased with where it is, in terms of the window and may repeat that part of the question.
Glenn Fogel: Yes, so right now, we're not seeing any shortage of supply from demand, people come in, and it's not, so they're not -- they can't find anything [Indiscernible] or the rates right now. That doesn't mean and peak summer that there won't be some shortages of inventory. But that happens every normal year when there's peak summer travel in the northern hemisphere. The most popular places will fill up and most popular low key -- and most low key properties in most popular locations are going to fill up. One of the great things that we've been doing for some time is being very flexible in offering customers when they come in, and we're not having enough inventory, we think because things are filled up there. We're offering an alternative place that they could go and stay or different locations to your property all different ways. We are doing so working more different experiments to do that. But we're not the only one to do that. That's important. You have a customer in your store, you want to sell them you don't have enough of what they want you show them something else that probably he is just like, that's what we're doing. Clearly over time what I want to do, though, is not have to have this conversation about the US that we don't have enough of the single properties on the beach and XYZ. And that's something that really what we're working on, but right now I don't see an issue right now we're having insufficient supply.
Glenn Fogel: And David you basically said what I was going to say, basically, we have a situation that is very tied somewhat to restrictions and is countries that are typical long haul destinations, some of them in Asia, for example, as they'll begin to lighten up and feel more confident they can go without having to do a lot of different things don't have to quarantine before, don't have to go to get a test they have done test before as these things go away, then people will travel more and more of these long haul trips. So I definitely and positive on the continued trend in this area.
Glenn Fogel: Okay, thank you. As always, I want to thank our partners, but I really want to thank all of our partners who have generously contributed to our refugee platform. Also, of course, want back to customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long term vision for our company. Thank you all and good night.
David Goulden: Maybe, Glenn, just maybe a couple extra points on what we're seeing in April and March, we did see a steady progression from that first week in March where things were minus 10, up through March and April on a fairly steady basis, week on week. But as Glenn said, there's still a lot out there and the environment it’s hard to predict. I would call it this Easter happened in April in both periods. So there's no Easter effect there relative to the growth rates versus 2019 August 2021 for that matter, either. Relative to longer term take rates. And I explained on the call, take rates are the impact timing on take rates is a mathematical impact of the difference between the amounts that you spill into the year from the prior year, and the amount you still out in the current year into the next year. And of course, that can be variable based upon effects. We saw this year, we said that there was a hurting Q1 on timing effects on take rates, because that's when Omicron basically came up with into Q4, and that results in less booking still into Q1 than we would expect. So it's really going to be a function of how the recovery develops in total in terms of how rapidly things recover, and also just the timing of that recovery. So as growth rate starts to normalize, and get back to more normal level, you expect the impact upon the take rea, the timing impact on take rates to come down. But then there could be some additional factors that could impact those specific things relative to what happens about the prior Q4 going into Q1, and the next Q4 going into the future Q1. So normally, and as the growth rates start to normalize the roles of revenue growth rates and booking growth rates start to align more, there will be less effect. But there could still be unusual effects they have, like what we've seen before that could impact the specific timing of Q1 and Q4, and the relative difference between those quarters across the years.
David Goulden: Yes, Brian, let me go first. So with the exception of the mechanical movements, I'll talk about how they impact things little bit, the mechanical moves relative to Majorelle, which are basically just P&L geography movements. We're not, I'm not changing what we said last time. We do expect some deleverage in marketing to gross bookings for the year. We said we expected in Q1 to be relatively flat, we were a little bit better that we were actually 50 points – 50 bps leveraging in Q1 due to a higher ROI, but we did say we'd be leaning into the busy travel season more in Q2 and Q3. So we're still expecting to see some level of deleverage during the year and also increased spending on merchandising, sales and others, we still expect that to be about 50 bps for the year that’s tied to payments, the mechanics of the Majorelle adjustment with moving those additional expenses into [Indiscernible] would be less than 10 bps although that are adjustments again as to TGV. So essentially, with the exception of the mechanical movements, what we talked about for the last, what we talked about quarter go for how we see the year shaping up, we still expect to see the shaping up the same way. And of course, I've given you some additional color on take rates we didn't provide last quarter so that gives you a little bit more color than we gave you on quarter because we now know what happened in Q1 so we can give you a bit more guidance around that.
David Goulden: I think, Glenn, let we go where you went, because this is just not one geography. We're seeing all geographies improve in April, which for us is very encouraging. So we mentioned that Europe is now April back into high teen growth versus 2019. That is really encouraging and really the first time we've been able to talk about growth over 2019 in Europe, this is for room nights, US back to very strong growth versus 2019, which we think is well ahead of the market. And Glenn mentioned some of the factors, the APAC recovering nicely, down, still down but down IT is not, again the best result we've seen since the start of pandemic, and the rest of world backup to double digits, so all nice improvements from Q1, all nice improves to March, so it's not just one reason we're seeing it across the world, which I think is a positive sign, I mentioned that we will be leaning a little bit more, expect to leaning in more in Q2 than in we did in Q1, relative to the amount of spending and the ROI. But as we said, that is really in response to the opportunity to capture demand. When we see demand, and we see traffic on this site, that's when we can start increasing our marketing spend. So we're really responding to the opportunity of recovering travel. And whereas we see travel for that's when we can lead in sort of leaning in, particularly in Q3 of last year, you saw us do that in prior quarters. So it's early during the quarter, but that's why we said we expect it to be at a small level of deleveraging this quarter in marketing, but the impact we're seeing and the change we're seeing from March to April is very positive.
David Goulden: Yes, that's a reported number. And currency is an impact for what it is worth when we did our guidance, and we did our calculations here we had your [Indiscernible] come down a little bit doesn't make a huge amount of difference. But the numbers we gave you or reported unless we call some out specifically as constant currency, for example, we call our constant currency ADRs. For example, everything else is reporting.
David Goulden: Yes, I talked about, so when we talk about the underlying take rates, we're talking about the basic take rate on the -- or the commission on the room. We're not factoring in payments to that at all, or motion the next. As I said, the biggest impact on timing is, sorry, these impact on take rate is timing. And we talked about it being raised significantly, but you're right, we are getting an increase in the overall take rate from our mix towards payments and from the fact that we gain additional revenue from payments. As I mentioned in 2021, for example, that was somewhat offset by the merchandising that we cannot do, because we couldn't merchandise and participate in pricing actions ourselves. And so we have on the payments platform, and in 2022, that again, will be largely offset by the merchandising activities. Now bear in mind, merchandising is also like marketing, we can turn up and turn it down. We think that this year in a recovering travel marketplace, there's a potentially once in a generation opportunity to really lean into both marketing and merchandising. But we are seeing improvements in take rates from the payment platform. And again, the number of, when I talked about the underlying accommodation take rate being a very constant that does not include the additions for things like payments or things that go on top payments, nor does it impact anything that we do on top of that, or does include anything we do on top of that with our merchandising activities. So hopefully, that clarifies the movements there.
David Goulden: I think our view just as being that shared data, and we should look at share medium term basis, single quarter, very difficult to predict. We certainly believe that last year with our growth in the US being strong versus 2019. We certainly covered a lot faster than the market did in 2021.We were strong again in Q1 in the US market versus 2019. And very strong here in April so difficult to give you an individual share points. But when we look at the overall accommodations markets, which is a way to think about things, we know we picked up some share points in 2021. And we know -- we continuing to stay above where the market is in 2022, from a recovery point of view.
David Goulden: Yes, right. Thank you, Mark. So yes, let's not confuse the difference between impact on EBITDA margin and actual take rates, take rate percentages, what we talked about is the fact that let's go back to numbers so in 2019, and take rates blended across the year was 15.6%. In 2021, we said it was 14.3%. We said last quarter, it was somewhere between those two, this quarter, we gave you a bit more guidance, because we know more about the timing impact in Q1. So we said just below 15%. We said that impacts on the timing impact on take rates was causing a few points of EBITDA margin compression, so it will take a few so we said last quarter, and we still maintain that our EBITDA margin rates for the year will be a few points higher than it was in 2021. And what we said at the last call we clarify again today. If it wasn't for the impacts of timing the EBITDA margin would be a few points higher again on a normalized basis. So the fact that take rates are being hurt for the full year is causing us to have a few points of compression on our EBITDA margin this year, which is timing related. We did not say the take rates [Indiscernible] seen, we said that they were, would be below 15. And if you normalize from just below 15%, back to 15.6%, something like that, then that will give you those few points EBITDA margin that we talked about.
David Goulden: So yes, so you're right. International recovery in total international bookings in total across borders, we define it in April is down a little bit short haul report or within Europe actually up decently, but long haul, still down, not too surprisingly, I mean total to see the international booking number close to flat for April, I think is a great step forward, not surprisingly, inter region is going to recover fast, fastest, most European countries and now relax all restrictions for travelers within Europe, which is great. And long haul still down, but also rapidly improving and we see strong growth from travelers from the US, for example, obviously travel into and from Asia is still down. And that's an important destination for both US and European people when you look at long haul routes.
