Glenn Fogel: Thanks Jeff. And I and the entire company want to thank you for the leadership you provided over the last eight months as interim CEO. It’s an exciting time to become The Priceline Group’s CEO and I look forward to working with the talented leadership teams at our brands. I’m pleased to say that the company is performing well and is in a strong competitive position. We have substantial momentum as we execute against a very large market opportunity. I am happy with the progress our brands made last year and even more thrilled about the groundwork we’re laying for continued growth in the future. Now I’m going to talk a little bit about our individual brands. Booking.com executed another strong year in 2016 with accelerating room nights and gross bookings growth. Booking.com held over 289,000 properties over the last year, an increase of 33% driving real choice for its customers. Booking.com now has over 1,155,000 hotels, apartments, homes and other places to stay in over 220 countries and territories across the globe, and the platform includes approximately 591,000 instantly bookable vacation rental properties, that is a 49% year-over-year growth rate. Booking.com properties represent a combined total of approximately 25 million potentially bookable roams. Of this total, 17.2 million are within our traditional hotel partners and 7.8 million are bookable rooms or units in homes, apartment, villas, and other places to stay. We continue to expand aggressively into the alternative accommodations market, and we believe we offer more choices on an instantly bookable, no fee basis than anyone else. For our priceline.com brand 2016 was a year of investment. With the new leadership team in place, Priceline made progress rebuilding its technology platform and completely overhaul in the front end consumer experience on both desktop and mobile. These fundamental changes have enabled us to increase our experiment philosophy and introduce new features more rapidly. Also we’re excited about our expanded best deal brand campaign, which started in February. This consumer value proposition is an important evolution of the priceline.com band and we look forward to it contributing to the future growth. KAYAK recorded another solid year for the Group, posting good, top, and bottom line growth. We are positive about KAYAK’s prospects as it remains the only true multi-product global meta-search platform today. KAYAK furthered its global footprint this year, expanding into APAC and Latin America, and we recently signed a definitive agreement to acquire the Momondo Group, a leading European travel meta-engine to enhance KAYAK’s position in the European market. We are pleased with the Agoda’s performance in 2016, posting solid growth and profitability; despite operating in a challenging market, where aggressive discounting is prevalent. The team executed well in mobile and made smart investments in pricing strategies, user improvements and brand advertising campaigns in target markets. And in 2017 the Agoda team looks forward to continue to build a very strong global merchant supply. Rentalcars.com executed exceptionally well in 2016 and delivered a very good year despite the turmoil and impact of the Brexit booked. Rentalcars.com made some key metrics in 2016, which included growing its mobile mix, increasing its share of direct business, improving the customer experience and growing the number of suppliers on the platform. These achievements will continue to pay dividend for the business in 2017 and beyond. OpenTable achieved several important milestones this year, which we believe positions our company for a long-term sustainable growth. The company launched its global platform in October, which enables diners to search and book any restaurant in any of its domains. We believe this is a fundamental first step in providing a truly integrated global platform. The OpenTable network continues to grow in 2016 with over 40,000 restaurants utilizing its online reservation system. As we look forward to the balance of 2017 and beyond, The Priceline Group will continue to follow the strategy that has made us successful. Our supply chains will continue to aggressively add suppliers to our network, giving our customers more and more choice. Our front end customer service and IT teams will continue to innovate and work hard to expand our lead as the best place for customers to book. Our marketing teams will bring more customers to our desktop and mobile sites and promote our mobile apps while optimizing our return on investment in order to deliver profitable top line growth with market leading markets. In summary, I would like to thank my colleagues for delivering another great year. Their hard work and passion is the foundation upon which our business has been built. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Glenn Fogel: And Mark, thanks for the call. I think those are two quick questions. And the first one about growing supply and the question can we do it organically or not. As I made the comment a few moments ago about last year being able to add 289,000 properties it was an increase of 33% that was all organic. We believe that we can continue to grow the supply greatly organically. And I’ll just make the point that we look many, many times about ways to add to it inorganically through some type of acquisition. One on the critical things is very important is, when you go out and you buy a company that has some supply approximately you may not have, you have to think about the way their systems work and help easier, they are going to be – to bring in that supply into our system or the amount of distraction make it worst and just go ahead in getting those properties our own. So if you see in the history of our company, we haven’t done a lot of going out recently in getting supply inorganically. So I think that’s the part we’re going to go with. In terms of your question about the brand advantage of the instantly bookable vacation rental product and I will add to the fact, I’ll repeat to think about no feed at the traveler. You may have a point there and I may take this to the marketing people afterwards because I believe we have the absolute best product in that space out there right now. And we definitely believe that this is where we can drive very hard and it’s going to provide a good growth area for us in the future. Thanks for the call, good question.
Glenn Fogel: Thanks for that question and it doesn’t surprise me that that question would be asked. I’ve been in the company now 17 years and started out in corporate development, M&A, either on strategy title sometime later. And I worked with all the CEOs very closely on our strategy. So what I would say is, well, my title has changed and the role has changed, but the company strategy has absolutely not changed. The strategy that we’ve employed over the last 17 years has been very successful for us, and we’re going to continue going forward the same way. And that’s using incredibly talented people who are able to come up with very innovative ideas and implement them to make sure that we’re accomplishing our mission which is to help people experience the world. In terms of M&A specifically, I think we’ve done a very good job of that in the past. We look at a lot of, lot of potential deals but we’re careful about it. We understand the risk and we try to be prudent. So that have done in the past, I expect this is how we’re going to do it going forward.
Glenn Fogel: I’ll do the first one and I’ll let Dan take the second one. About villas.com, this is a good example to show how innovative and how the people at Booking.com are able to come up with new ideas, experiment, put something out into the marketplace, see if it works not, see how well it’s working; and if it’s not working, then more than wanting to pull it done and change it around, and that’s really an example of villas.com. It was an idea to help us in that non-hotel accommodations area, we put it out there, we experiment, we optimized; and sometimes the customer prefers to have all its inventory in one place on Booking.com and that’s where we should spend our time, energy, effect in optimizing that and so that’s what they did. It’s one of those things that just shows, I just love the way that the people throughout our organization do is that they’re not – there are willing to – let’s say it doesn’t work put it down, let’s move on to something else that will work. And I’m very pleased with the way we’re making progress with that product and I think we’re seeing some substantial growth.
Glenn Fogel: That’s a great question Scott. There has been a lot of that consolidation up and down and has been unbundling and certainly we’ve seen acquisitions, and we’ve seen people build things organically. Our goal is to provide a great service to two sides of the market. One is the person who’s traveling and the other is to our partner supplier. So on the demand side, obviously we want to try and get that person who’s traveling as quickly as possible, fast as possible, provide them with the content they need. Now we have started our business down at the bottom where we can work right away. And that is a great place to be because that’s where you can make good money. And we also know that by providing more content to help them make their decisions earlier it will help make them more loyal to us, so we build out that too. So as anything we experiment, we test, we optimize, and we see are we getting the returning amount or the amount of money for people – effect that they were putting into supplement, that’s where we’re going to do it going forward. I will say that I think we’re pretty good at it and I’m looking forward to continuing to do it the way they’ve been doing it for 17 years.
Glenn Fogel: Thanks, Tom. And since you referenced remarks made in the last quarter, I’m going to pass this to Dan.
Glenn Fogel: And in the second question, we put guidance out there because we believe this is what we believe, the guidance – should we put out I don’t know, but I think we’re going to change this.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. Again, we don’t like talk too much about what we’re planning doing next. But as we’ve said we retooled strategy which is to build the business at a more profitable level, less investment and we’re very hopeful that we are growing out that global platform and be able to bring to our customers what they want, which is namely contact and the ability to get reservations for restaurants throughout the world. Now it’s going to take some time, more time perhaps than we thought originally. But we still believe in the product and we believe that when people are traveling they need a place to eat.
Glenn Fogel: Well, the factors that drive the growth in supply for us is no different whether it be a vacation rental or regular hotel or rental car or whatever a hotel. But we have people out there who are trying their best to go and make sure that the people will have that supply understand the benefits of our low cost distribution system. And we show them the benefit of general and people say yes, I want to be part of that because I see the incredible number of customers who are coming to our side from around the world in 42 languages who want to find a place to stay or rental a car whatever we offer. So it’s no different at all. Now you’re asking for specific areas whatever, again I want to just make this very, very plain that we believe we need to be everywhere throughout the world. So I’m not going to say we should be more in this place or that place, we want to be everywhere because customers are traveling around the world and the want to stay everywhere and that’s what we’re going to do.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. I think it is when people become loyal to a particular site that try meta particularly specifically because they are offering great services and it’s one of those things where the people who are great providing for our hotel meta-search or fight one final being able to provide those great ways to go out and see those different places. They will see all that different choices and go easily to be able to actually booking. That’s the advantage. Now clearly we believe that KAYAK is when Momondo, that’s mostly a flight one you seeing that in press and et cetera. But we know that where good in both areas, we are hoping to make sure that we continued to do that.
Daniel Finnegan: So Mark, on the first part the trend for deleverage and performance advertising, we’re pleased to see a little bit of an improvement in that trend thus far into Q1 and forecasted for the remainder of the quarter. It’s a function I think of all the good things our brand teams do – continuously adding to the supply available on our websites to give our customers more choice, continuous improvement in conversion. And then also just discipline that the marketing teams employ in these markets to try and bring us good top line growth at a very strong ROIs and profitability. And I think just all those things converging has been helpful for us. The comp, it was difficult for the back half but it’s also difficult for the first half of the year. So I think it’s really more a function of those things that our brand teams are doing. In terms of competitive intensity just who are listening to the calls from some of the other place – in this space of anything they appear to be as competitive or even more competitive that they have been in the past. So I wouldn’t attribute the slight favorability in trends to competitor dynamics.
Daniel Finnegan: And Justin, in terms of a top line versus bottom line growth for Q1 forecast, I think you nailed it well. We’re pleased with the top line strength in our forecast, growth that the business has delivered thus far in the quarter. And that strength in top line, pressures the bottom line in the first quarter, we get the gross bookings, we incur the advertising expense, but a significant portion of them are going to check out in Q2 and Q3 and even beyond when travel occurs. I guess the easiest thing I could point to for you is the differential in growth rate between gross bookings and gross profit. Eventually, I would expect those gross bookings to turn into gross profit. We last year gave you an estimate on what we taught the Easter impact was we quantified it at $40 million. We haven’t done a new estimate on that, we figured we’d let that one to stand. So that gives you some sense of what the user impact was in last year benefits Q1. And we would expect strong gross bookings performance in Q1 will benefit Q2 and Q3 to a large extent as well.
Daniel Finnegan: Sure, Glenn. Hey Lloyd, so I said in the prepared remarks that the strength in room night growth is across all our few geographic regions, I would say it’s across all channels. I did make the point that paid channels are growing faster than direct at the moment. And I don’t think that’s a surprising trend given that the strength in top line that we are seeing with acceleration over the last few quarters. I think anytime we see that kind of health in the top line growth, it’s largely due to new customers coming to the franchise. And hopefully we will be able to repeat the trend that we’ve seen in the past by winning them over to become loyal customers in the future. So we’re pleased across geographies, across channels. From a macro perspective, the reported results and forecast that we have is strong, and I’d say that, what we saw from other players in our space and the large chains from a RevPAR perspective leads us to conclude that the macro is healthy, particularly in travel. And then in volume growth, the paid channels are growing faster than direct. So we’re pleased with the work our brand teams and our marketing teams are doing to continue to drive strong growth, but it was a very good profitability. We do care about our margins. We do care about bottom line growth and I think that the teams are striking a good balance between the two. Core search is still an important part, PPC and Google is our biggest advertising channel. So we’re pleased with the results we’re seeing there.
Daniel Finnegan: I’m not going to get too much into paid growth rates by market. And that could have some competitors sensitivity to it how progress so we are in one market versus another. Can you assume that in the markets we’ve been longer the brand is better known and we typically get more direct traffic without going to specific growth rate to market by market. And commission overrides are a tool that Booking.com makes available to our supply parkers, whereby they can ratchet up the commission rate that they pay us in order to improve their ranking and drive more business in their website. And when the travel macro is healthy and the hotels and properties are successful in filling their rooms, without pinpoint machine, we actually particularly see them not use those to the same extend, I think that’s what’s driving the trend over the last couple of quarters.
Daniel Finnegan: And on the brand advertising side, Eric, we think it’s important to the long-term health of our brand to support them and advertise them in various markets around the world. Typically when you make a push it maybe ROI negative in the beginning, we’re pleased with the continuous improvement and sophistication at each of our brands to really look at the analytical metrics as they roll out new campaigns to be able to understand the impact of this, and hold back if they feel the creative isn’t working and roll out with different creative, they are testing creator running it in digital channels that fairly low cost for rolling it out in major campaigns on television. So I think we’re improving now. We’ve done a good job in the past and we will continue to support our clients in brand advertising in the future.
Daniel Finnegan: Sure, Mark. So the paid channels growing faster, the time will tell how successful we are in converting those new customers that we found into loyal customers that come back to us directly. But our track record in the past has been good in that regard. We’ve seen good growth in repeat rates, we saw a positive trends in terms of direct to the channel for business before a good period of time there until we saw a such strong acceleration in top line growth. And I’m not surprised to see some pressure on direct share when you’ve got that kind of growth. It’s likely that it’s going to new customers coming to the franchise. So we’re hopeful and we’ll track that and hopefully we will have some good news to report to you some point in the future in that regard. And then our merchant business is driven by a couple of different factors. So Booking.com has been entirely an agency business, since it was founded and over the past year has added the ability to process transactions on a merchant basis. They’ve done that for a number of reasons but one of the principal ones was, they were getting into more vacation rentals, a portion of these properties don’t have the ability to charge credit cards. And so that would create a complexity for our guest that’s checking into one of these properties and have come with a pile of cash to pay. And so we charge the customer’s credit card and then we remit payment to the property. So it’s really just a facilitate business and that’s driven some faster growth in our merchant gross bookings. Interestingly at the same time Agoda which is – has only been principally a merchant business, and that has good growth rates for us over the past several quarters has been adding more and more agency capability by using inventory that they share from Booking.com. And so I wouldn’t focus so much on is merchant growing faster agency but more of how is the total doing. In different as to – that means by which the customer wants the book if they want to have us to charge their credit card or they want to book agency and pay at the hotel. We’re okay, either way and so that’s what’s impacting the growth from quarter-to-quarter with the merchant rate.
Daniel Finnegan: So I think its more to the latter, Chris. So the alternative accommodations have financial metrics similar to the rest of our business in terms of ADR and take rate. One area that the margin can be negatively impacted for that business is just because the properties are less efficient and that they’re smaller they may only be single unit properties. The touch rate for our supply teams and for our customer service teams also given just the unique nature of some of these properties and could be a higher level questions for guests that are looking to stay in one of them. It can create and has created a modest level of pressure in our non-ad OpEx. Our teams continue to work on ways to make the business as efficient as possible enabling these properties to sign themselves up, build their own content, trying to continue to make our website more and more attuned to these differences for this type of business. So the customers can help themselves in terms of questions they may have from a customer service perspective. But in terms of advertising which is by far away our biggest expense. I wouldn’t foresee any significant difference for this business relative to our hotel and other accommodation business.
Daniel Finnegan: I’d just say that only that efficiency has been under pressure for the back half of 2016 and our forecast is for slight improvement going forward. So there’s nothing in there that I would call out specifically related to mobile.
Daniel Finnegan: There’s been no big change in our approach to affiliate deals Tom. We’ve been focused on them for a long time now. We have a way of looking at affiliate deals that we want to make sure that we’re getting good branding out of them. And that – it’s a fair share of the economics with affiliate partner. So we typically wouldn’t participate with a quick former type of affiliate that doesn’t really have a brand and they’re just using our content to potentially compete with us in paid advertising channels and take a slice of our economics. But deals that we’ve done with partners like Southwest Airlines we think those are great. That’s a real brand that has customers, and to the extent they’re also looking for a place to stay. We are the perfect partner to help their customer fine in that place to stay. In terms of the economics, I mean we don’t disclose them obviously but there’s been no significant change over the last several years. And that wouldn’t come out of revenue margin just to be clear. Our revenue would be the full amount earned from the hotel and then the amount that we share with the affiliates is recognized as performance marketing.
Daniel Finnegan: Yes. Let’s talk a little about APAC in general. APAC is a competitive, competitive market and we have a number of people out there who are building their business in ways that they believe that offer a lower price by using their own money to discount is advantageous for them in the long-term. So at that time we have to make decisions whether or not we’re going to match or not and I believe I mentioned, some of very good things that Agoda has been doing is pricing strategies very effective. In regards to the Priceline.com Company, as I mentioned they’ve come out with plan and they really are coming out its consumer value proposition that is really to tell the consumer that we’ve got the best deals now, the details are being provided by the suppliers, we’re not discounting them. That doesn’t necessarily mean that we are hurting our margins at all. In fact it’s a great deal for every – the hotel gets their customers and we get a similar margin that we get anyway. So I don’t think that we should be too concerned about how I think, you really coming out, there is going to be a big hit to margins in the long-term. I don’t think you should be too concerned about that which is I think we’re driving.
Daniel Finnegan: Okay. For the expanding booking window that is a phenomena that we’ve observed for a while now Peter. And I would expect that it will continue not knowing any reason why it wouldn’t maybe a change in the macro healthiness of the travel market could have an impact. You’ve seen the last several quarters with pretty healthy ADR. So I think it’s beneficial for people to book in advance. We have a growing numbers of repeat users that are familiar with our model, love the flexibility that it gives them. And so I think as people are more familiar and they use our service a number of times and become direct customers. They’re more comfortable booking in advance. So you have – right now I’d say that should continue going forward.
Daniel Finnegan: Yes, Brad. You see the property growth on our website and that’s been driven more by vacation rentals. So you can assume that the vacation rentals are contributing nicely to our room night growth. We don’t split up the growth rate separately but that’s been a nice tailwind to our growth rate for several years now as we’ve continued to have more and more vacation rentals. And it’s certainly something that we expect to continue going forward. In terms of ROI leverage, we’re not going to break that down for you by hotel versus vacation rental. I wouldn’t really think of it that way anyway I mean we’re out there trying to bring customers to our website that are interested in a place to stay in Rome. And maybe they’re thinking they’re going to look for a hotel or two hotel rooms for their family. And then their teams have done such a good job of integrating the vacation rentals into the search results in a very intuitive way that customer may to say, I love this apartment in the heart of Rome is perfect for my family. We don’t need to stay in two separate hotel rooms and the price is great and it’s got a kitchen. So this is what I want. So we’re not really trying to target separately there are some keywords that maybe lend themselves more to the vacation rental space but we look at it from an overall portfolio perspective.
