David Goulden: Sure, Lloyd. Thank you. Let me start of answering the first question, so yes to clarify what I said was when we turn to 2020 we talked about our initial outlook which is our outlook for - at the start of the year. Obviously around the times we're putting our plans together for the year. We talked about that reflects a continuation of the same operating model we delivered in 2019. So my comments about gaining share in combinations with some deceleration room nights, some modest pressure on operating margins and for EPS to benefit from our share buybacks was give you a flavor of the shape of our profile for the year coming into the year before the coronavirus. And then on the on the SEO challenges, to pick up your second. I just want to kind of remind people that as we said the SEO channel is a relatively small part of our business and has been for a period of time. You know, the SEO channel continues to be under pressure as the primary provides that channel, focus more upon that that - they're paid search, rather than research. But we continue to do well in that channel. We have teams dedicated to it. We are pleased with our share in that channel. As a channel it is under continued pressure as we said before, really contributes a very minor part of our overall business.
David Goulden: Yeah, we saw that many things. Again, I'll talk about Q4 because obviously Q4 was a very clean quarter relative to not having a virus and it's only a few weeks behind us. So I think it's a good time to still talk about Q4. We were pleased with our ROIs in the channels in Q4 we didn't see any major shifts. We mentioned we saw continued leverage in our performance margin spend because our performance market channels continue to grow less rapidly than the overall business. So the leverage that we demonstrated was kind of mix driven leverage or mathematical leverage. ROIs didn't really change very much in Q4. Nothing to really note, we're pleased with where we were. And I think was that the genesis of all your question or you're also asking about current quarter as well.
David Goulden: Yeah, Kevin. This is David. Let me take that. That's just can maybe frame it in the way that the quarter shapes up and our projections do take into account what we've seen in the last few days. So let me kind of give you a lay of the land first of all by region not surprisingly we already mentioned China is the worst impacted, Asia excluding China has also been impacted for some time. The rest of world obviously includes Europe and Europe's a big piece that for us was growing through February but we also expected to be impacted to the negative in March as well. To give you a bit more color and some just how it plays across the quarter on a consolidated basis we saw we first of all remain in January - reignite growth in January even though we saw some tapering off at the end with the virus hitting the news on the 21st. Expect February to be approximately flat from a row - from a growth rate point of view and therefore to get to our guidance for the quarter expect to see declines in March.
David Goulden: In regards to our opportunities around the world, the US is without doubt our biggest opportunity, it is an enormous market that we under index significantly. And the reason for it why we have not achieved what we'd like to yet and historical know Booking.com was always a hotel only company and we didn't have an air product there for example, many Americans like to start their travel business using air. So we now we're going to be bringing out an air product over time so that would be one. Second thing is extremely price competitive, price sensitive consumer in the US. Looking back historically an agency player, meaning the price was set by the hotels or by the non-hotel accommodations. We believe that we have to be able to merchandise meaning adjusting what that value to the consumer is going to be, but to do that you've got to have a payment product. It was only last quarter that we got up running the domestic payment product for U.S. consumers. So that's another one. Another big issue packages, many Americans like to use a package product or like to do some toward a combination that will get them more value. Well we're just starting that now one of things I'm very proud about is working between Priceline.com and Booking.com com to come up with a package product for the U.S. consumers that we're just getting that out. The other thing is we have other assets to help bring consumers to our sites and make them aware of the great things we have. For example OpenTable. A lot of people are using OpenTable every month. In the past we have never done anything to really bring together the power the OpenTable platform and the Booking.com platform in a way they'll provide more value than consumers. So a lot of the things that we're working on because I do believe the U.S. is a great opportunity for us to help build out our business.
David Goulden: And Justin, on the all the different marketing channels first of all we're very pleased to build our direct business that is very important for future and the connected trip and the app and all things now drive in that direction. But the phones marketing channels are also really important sources of acquisition of new customers for us and sometimes some existing customers can come back to that net as well. But to answer your question, we look at all of these on a very measured incremental ROI basis. We can re-measure our different activities and compare them on a very comparable basis. So when it comes to things like coupons or other attractions we may only offer through one of our channels, we just look at the ROI on that visit the other channels and decide where we lean in or don't as the case may be. So we have pretty good metrics on all things like that because we are able to measure the short term return on those investments. Again, longer term we're looking to drive people towards the direct channel for tipping towards the app and Glenn mentioned how well downloads that is and how is becoming very much a powerful app in the channel space and as the connected trip becomes a bigger piece of business and the app becomes a way to experience the connected trip in - during the trip, it's even more strategic. Tactically we can look at all these different things including things like couponing on a very measured basis and decide to lean in based on which ones give us the vote the shortest - short term returns and also create the highest level of repeat or return to direct activity after that initial offer.
David Goulden: Sure, Deepak. Thanks for the question. Let me take the first part of it. So yes, I mean we talked about the operating model expectations pretty coronavirus as a continuation of the model I think was a quite successful force in 2019. And I don't want to get too specific targets for 2020 because there's not a lot of point in putting out a hypothetical forecast a year which we could never measure against and bridge against because obviously a year is going to come out very different from what we expected it only a few a few weeks ago. But you know we were pleased with the way that 2019 came out. If you kind of look back at Q4 look at 2019 understand the underlying health of the business. And we believe that there's no reason why that model can't continue in normal times and then Glenn you won't talk about second port balance sheet.
David Goulden: Eric just maybe for a little bit of a framework around what Glen talked about. So if you think of all of offering expenses and just look at 2019 for second about $9.5 billion a little over half of our OpEx is really variable with volume, obviously our performance marketing change. We're going up and down a brand mark to easily not volume related but obviously Glenn you said no point spending a lot of brand if people not primarily think about travel. A large piece of ourselves and other expenses is also related to volume as well because that ties back to the merchant processing costs on a payment platform. So well over half of our OpEx really is directly tied to the volume within that business. Now obviously there are volume related aspects in the other areas which are mainly our personnel G&A, I.T. et cetera. And obviously there's some fixed and some very low expenses there. But if you think about our cost structure it really is quite variable. The larger expense line is being tied to volume quite directly. Of course in the areas that are not tied directly there are things we can continue to do to refine and optimize as Dan talked about.
David Goulden: So let me start off with the payments platform actually Glenn was the one who gave us the numbers out, but let me just guys talk to you about how we see it's developing and what the impact will have on our income statement. So as you see we basically had a growth from 10% in 2018 ‘15 in ‘19 25 in 20 we expect obviously to exit 2020 high and 25% payments. That's the average for the year. That might be helpful just to understand a little bit about what that's doing to our income statement cause I've always had questions about in prior and prior calls. In 2020 we expect the payments actually to contribute both - to both revenue growth as it has been but also to start contributing to EBITDA growth as well with very little impact at all upon our EBITDA rate in 2020 will contribute towards even that growth. As we recover an ever increasing percentage of our payment costs. So that's how we think about payments rolling through all our business. Obviously there's still a very attractive nature in our agency model as well so one's not completely replace the other but as Glen said for all sorts of reasons including the ability to participate in merchandising and also to be able to package and control things together in the other connected trip payments will become an ever increasing part of business and we're pleased with how it is progressing and we're on track to get it to stage which starts to contribute towards our growth which we'll start doing this year.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark. Yeah. Let me take the first one the attach rates et cetera. And I think you called it out correctly. The Rentalcars business has shown some good numbers. If you look in the supplemental statistics at the end of our press release and you can see some nice growth there and part of that growth is coming from that cross-sell part of our connected trip that we're building out. And you're also correct in your statement about the air business, air business so early, we just really are getting that up and running. That's right you're not really seeing any of the increase there from that or not enough to matter right now. It's very, very low attach rates. When I look at those numbers I believe over time we should increase those significantly and it's going to take some time as we continue to optimize what's the best way to present it, where to show it. One of the things I'm very proud about is the center we built in Tel Aviv, that is filled with a bunch of machine learning experts A.I. geniuses who really look at all the different parts of the way we present things and they're trying to come up with what is the best way to present an offer to a traveler at the right time and putting in what is the right merchandising benefit that we should do it, to get the right conversion and the right bottom line. It's something that the more data we get, the better we'll know what the right thing to do. But it's something that's going to take time. So that's - that's the answer to that one. Regarding costs, you're also absolutely correct on that. One of the things when I took the job over in Amsterdam, as CEO of Booking.com and I've been there now a little more than six months, is looking at what are we spending on, where we're spending, what projects are around, which ones are the right ones, which ones should we not be doing right now and then taking that throughout our entire organization. Now I've always believed that you should be a cost effective company and I believe it's also very natural as companies grow very rapidly and achieve great success on the bottom line. Sometimes discipline lightens up a little bit. So certainly before the coronavirus I was already thinking that we need to make sure that we're doing everything we can to spend money correctly. One of the things I've mentioned in the calls over the last couple of quarters is us bringing all of our companies together better. And that's one of the benefits that is to get some efficiencies in our spend, a real cost procurement type project. And in the past we've run all these companies independently and that was the right thing to do at the time. But while doing that you do lose out on some cost efficiencies. Now the state of the company where it's at, now it's time to start bringing that in and that's what we're going be doing.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. I mean we really - obviously as other mentioned we're dealing with a very fluid situation very difficult to predict what's going on cause we're responding to something that we have no control over. We're giving you our best view of it. So when we built what we expect to happen in March and create the guidance range, we're looking very specifically at what's happened over the last few days after the outbreak in Italy and the response we've seen in Europe in response to that which is not surprising it has been negative. So yes, we are expecting - we're seeing even though we're going to get room night growth through rest of world in February towards the end of February that is already in decline. We expect it to continue to decline into March.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Justin. I think he'd be - it would not be wise to try and use past experience as an analogy for what will happen in the future. The situation now is very different, say I've not been in this business, in fact this week it will be 20 years I've been at this company. My anniversary is Friday in 20 years. And so I've seen a lot of exaggerate factors I mentioned them impact travel some extremely severe and I won't go through all of them because of the entire time for the call. That being said, they all have different effects and different rebound time periods. So it's not going to be helpful for me to tell you what took after 9/11 or after the GFC or after swine flu or after the volcano in Iceland. I mean I could go on and on and on which I'll stop there. So I really can't be that helpful. And you'll just have to make your own best guesses admits which will be as good as anybody else's guesstimates. Regarding spending, we have very high margins compared to anybody else in the industry, but that does not give us a license to waste money. And I want to continue to always be looking. Are we spending correctly every single part of this company, so we can then spend the money in the right place at the right time. In terms of marketing. There probably is a lot of waste in the industry probably and I think we can see that, some people who are probably going to be pulling back in turn their marketing. We like to think that we've been efficient and effective. But I think there's always room everywhere to do better and we're going to continue to do so. That's only the right way to try and have a long term successful company. You know, I am confident though that you know regardless of what we know towards your first question, I am confident the business will be coming back, its something that we've seen over and over and over again. As I said many, many times here. Travel is a basic need for people. They have been doing it for a very, very long time. And as soon as the air clear so to speak, you'll see people will be coming back to travel.
Glenn Fogel: Okay. Thanks, Brian I'll take the first part of it. Now I try to avoid getting into specific growth rates by month. I'll give you a flavor I think you can do some back the envelope master to kind of figure out you know what March has to look like in terms of getting to a minus 5% to minus 10% range. Way we've looked at this is this we have as I mentioned in my answer to Kevin have looked at very much so what's happened to the last few days and anticipating at the lower end the range that the travel environment in Europe may get worse because we would be surprised if there's only one outbreak in Europe over the course of the rest of the quarter. So we've taken into account what we saw happening over the last week which of course is led by a lot of cancellations. So over time it may not be quite as that as we're seeing and in less than the last week because you see obviously to the different growth rate on underlying bookings visiting cancellations, the early reaction to these news patterns is usually you get a spike cancellations and things can more moderate out. But we've taken into account what we've seen happening over the course of the last week. We projected that through the rest of the quarter and recognize the impact to make it worse if there are additional outbreaks in Europe or further slowdowns in the rest of the world. That's how we've tried to intelligently give you some guidance data points from obviously data we're getting it's moving very rapidly is the best data that we have as up until this morning.
Glenn Fogel: I want to hit the first, I’ll David being our CFO he can talk about how we're going to optimize answers the coupons. You're right in terms that in an ideal world you would like to have all of your supply directly connect to us and you prefer in an ideal world not to be using third party suppliers. That being said, that's a balance against speed to market and making sure you have the supply necessary to create a good offer to the consumers. So in the interest of speed we have gone with third party providers to provide inventory that we don't have. I mentioned OpenTable a little while ago. OpenTable le has a great product in there. They do a lot of business in a lot different cities, but also licensees [ph] around the world that they don't do business and we want to provide that dining opportunity to our consumers in as many cities as we can. So we will partner with others. Attractions the same thing. We had our own contracts with supply but there are a lot of places in the world where people are traveling. So to make sure that we have the supply we're going to third parties. Over time, we believe that in the long run having your own supply helps you in terms of creating that truly seamless connected trip. But speed matters in this market. So we're going to do that too.
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. So we are very pleased to have a very strong balance sheet, significant amount of free cash. We have a very good credit rating. And the question really is as we've always had is how should we best use our capital. One of things has always been share repurchases. Another thing that we always do is we're always looking at other companies that could potentially help add to our connected trip strategic vision and we're going to continue to look at that. Certainly valuations have changed significantly in the recent past and that may provide an opportunity for us in both areas. But as David says, it's a very fluid situation right now and we're not going to box ourselves into anything right this second I will say though however we do look at this very, very carefully because we do want to be agile. Operator, do we have any more question please.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So I've been talking about our long term strategic vision for some time now since I became CEO of the holding company a little more than three years ago. And how important it is to create and continue to create value for all sides of this marketplace. And we're going to continue to do that. That requires investing in people. In terms of code, making sure we are providing, something that is a differentiator from what is out there right now. And there is no reason to slow that down stop that or hold back on that. The sooner we get out the truly superior travel service the better we will be. And I want to be in that position when we come out of this current environment which is something that is unexpected, but will end. I want to come out of that as soon as possible with the best services that we have. So we're going to continue on that. We are not changing that at all. Now in terms of in terms of investments, in terms of marketing and things like that naturally you always want to make adjustments based on what the environment is. So for us as I mentioned about brand marketing. Well we are not going to be making brand marketing to people who are not listening to that message at all. And if you're not thinking about travelling, you're not listening to a travel ad. It's foolish for us to invest money in a brand marketing campaign. And that's an example of extreme on the other side. And in between there all these different things in between that we're going to be making adjustments as we go throughout the year and we've always been doing that. That's no different, David, anything to add.
Glenn Fogel: And regarding the Grabbe relationship I'm very pleased about how that's been progressing and you'll remember we invest in Grabbe for three reasons. One reason was Grabbe has significant number of customers and we want to find all different ways that we can expose our hotel a combination over our travel [ph] services to customers in different ways and that's really was a great way to do it, one. The other thing was, our travelers when they arrive in a place that they're not familiar with they want to know how are we going to get around. And many people sometimes mistakenly assume that whatever ride sharing capability they have in their home countries is going to be in place they go visit and it's not going to be they're not going to know what they're going to do in the future what am I going to do. And one of the great things is we said that we would come up with Grabbe a way that a person can use the Booking.com app and in a seamless way can get a ride sharing without having to download another app and put a credit card and so on that they're not familiar with and it'll be seamless and a great experience. And I mentioned last quarter how we've gotten that up and running in Singapore and the third thing of course he said we'd like to have a financial return on the money we invested. One of the things I mentioned last quarter was how. By the end of the year I expected us to be able to have that Grabbe at operation on the Booking.com app by India [ph] for Indonesia and Thailand. And I'm very pleased that we are now actually operational in every single territory that Grabbe operates on the IoS platform. So it's just a great shout out to the team who's been working on that and thank you guys for getting that done ahead of schedule and really pushing that through. We'll be operational on for Android I think and to four weeks I've been told and we're talking about it's now beyond Singapore, it's Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Philippines as minorities everywhere the Grabbe is. And I tell you I've seen this used and it really is something that makes it so easy to get off that plane in that airport you just go that Booking.com apps and right away you can get that car to take you to a hotel it's a wonderful experience and we're also on the other side being able to show our hotel accommodations to more and more Grabbe customers so good in all areas.
Glenn Fogel: So nobody wants their business to succeed because of unfortunate events. Nobody would hope for that. But sometimes the events happen anyway and you do end up being a beneficiary of those events. Companies that are stronger when they enter into a bad period emerge even stronger. And in this industry I've seen it happen over and over again. There is no doubt I've talked in the past about potential recessions and what would happen in a recession and why I believe that would make us more valuable to some players so that they would use us more to get demand because they needed more and you have pointed out what could be a very unfortunate thing for many players in our industry. So yes. Silver Linings is one way to describe it. I do believe that in the long run we will emerge from this in a much better position a stronger competitor and we will end up being better off though of course no one would ever hope for that to happen under that under that way. In regards to the consumer. Consumers are amazing how they - they learn very rapidly how to save money get value when they see a new option. And it's interesting you don't even see announcements of them in different products many times. it's just you're playing around with it and you see it. Now we of course will be using all sorts of marketing methods to get and make sure our customers are aware of the better way to do your travel planning your travel execution. But I have - I am not concerned at all that when we have that better products I am not concerned that people will know about it.
Glenn Fogel: Well we wouldn't actually stop there. That's just my target for this year. We do intend to have 100% of the people eventually be exposed to and 100% using it. But this is it takes time because of regulatory licensing things it's not as though you can just immediately just start selling airline tickets everywhere. That takes time to get your licenses and certain in certain jurisdictions. A - David Goulden Yeah, let me just characterize a little bit of what we're seeing on the payment platform and why we think it's very important now in the future. So that the benefits come in different areas and that multiple and sometimes they are additive. So in some cases just offering people payments in different methodologies payments in currency of their own choice or payment process all of their own choice was be you know to offer a Chinese customer to pay Ipay which pay off something like that just offering up payment choice even if the underlying hotel profit is the same. We have seen conversion increases even if people don't use that choice. It's a bit a bit like offering something in the local language of course we offer our site for local languages to thank you offer something present in some of these native language or in this case you give him a payment choice that they recognize that you recognize he's actually something that myself will help with conversion we can demonstrate that that does albeit a small amount. If they don't use payments and then of course if they do use payments it helps a little bit more. So you do get some conversion benefits but the other thing that payment platform belongs to as well is we can also as I mentioned we can stop participating in the pricing process the emergent rising more proactively so we can offer basically Booking.com can get involved in that and offer booking sponsored benefits or other offers to the customer. You can only really do if you are participating as immersion and you're taking the payments on behalf of the property I'm passing it through. So the other thing that the payment can do the payment platform also will do it it'll help bridge a gap between a customer a customer and a property in terms of customers can pay in the payment platform for all the payment, currency of choice and we can pay out to the property upon it in their payment currency of choice. So for example again the hotel in Italy or in Paris may not take all the payment methods that we offer to our Asian customers and we can give them virtual credit cards in for example a MasterCard or a Visa format. So there are all sorts of different benefits from the payments platform and they'll want to talk to you about that helps in the business as well is that the agency model of course leaves the payment process open to the customer to deal with the property and vice versa and we actually get a lot of off a customer service request calls are to do with things that go wrong somewhere or we're not expected in that equation between the property and the customer, we weren't where we're not participating because we're just being agents providing the booking. So we find that if we made the payment process we can reduce the number of customer service incidents around the payment question and actually increase the rules as the overall satisfaction and experience of both the customer and the property partner. So there are many benefits of the payment platform. Others have mentioned a few in some cases you get all of them in one transaction in some cases you only get one. But it's something that we are developing rapidly inside of Booking.com because we got a lot of experience in payments in both Agoda and in Priceline. So we're taking leverage with that capability where we've already seen those benefits occur.
Glenn Fogel: Sure, let me take those in reverse order, so the ADR question is the best place to go is back to back to Q4 because we were operating obviously in a business as usual type environments. And without going through a long explanation because we gave a fairly long explanations to what's happening to ADR and why we saw that ADR reduction in the fourth quarter. My part of it is because we were lapping a rather unusual increase a year ago sort of for really became a three if you normalize that and then we saw basically half of that decline due to lower rates in the key countries which were like US, Japan, Hong Kong, of course you know again on a free virus model and some of that was macro, about half of the decline in ADRs was due to a shift towards lower a ADR country again. So that was also macro because some of the higher ADR countries got very expensive from a tax point of view. So when we go back and look at Q4 and look at Q3 we saw basically two points of normalize reduction in ADRs in Q3 and three points in Q4. We believe about half of that with our macro and half of that was mix related going forward. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of flavor to call what's going on. Going into 2020, we expect to be ADR reductions to be down to a couple of points, again on pre corona virus basis basically just assuming that the macro piece that continued with a little bit more in the first half a little bit less in the second half due to the lapping effect of what we saw occurring last year. And just to go back to the very first part of the question. Just like we try not to give specific guidance for where we were for the year, pre corona virus and we did give you a - I think a fairly good flavor as to how we thought the business would operate during the pre the corona virus. We try not to get into a lot of bridging exercises between where we were Q1 before and afterwards for what it's worth I can tell you that we're tracking nicely ahead of our internal expectations for the first three weeks in January but it's only a three week period of time. So take it for four was worth but we were running slightly in front of the expectations we have for the year which I outlined relative to what we talked about 2019 and when we expect things to continue into 2020. I don't want to get into a specific we thought room like growth would be X and is Y because we can never really compare against the hypothetical growth, we were comfortable with where the year was shaping up. We felt good about the profile of business we talked about in 2020 relative to what we saw in 2019 and the business model continuing and hopefully that gives you a flavor you can have really come to your own conclusion as to what it was, but we were pleased with how things were shaping up going into ‘20 and the shape of ‘20 as we looked at the full year.
Glenn Fogel: So this concludes the remarks and I want to end by saying the summary, our 2019 performers met some important financials strategic goals. I'm very pleased about the steps we've taken to date to write more value to the customers and our supply partners and we look forward to doing more so in the future. And we're going to manage through the current travel environment and I am very confident in our long term prospects. And finally I want to thank our supplier marketing partners, our more than 26000 employees distribute across more than 300 offices and a very special thank you to a subset of those 26000 over the last couple of months have been working so hard in this environment. I want to thank them very much and most of all I want to thank our traveler customers who are out there exploring the world. Good night.
