Glenn Fogel: Sure, Alex. It's Glenn speaking. Why don't I take -- we'll go in reverse order. I'm going to talk around flights, I’ll talk a little bit about the alternative accommodation strategy and where we're going, and then I'll let Dave if he wants to talk to you about what you want in terms of year-to-date. So talking about the things we're doing with flights. We just started it for Booking.com in the States. So it's very, very, very early. But as I've always talked about this connected trip vision, flights is a very important part of it. Many people start with flights. So we believe that it's going to be an important way to get more customers into our funnel and see all the great offerings we have. Now payments is a very important part of our overall connected trip because, one thing, if you want to offer up, for example, a package, as you discussed, which we do want to offer at -- when we get to it, you have to have a payment platform. You've got to be able to do that because you can't combine into at one price, if you're not willing to able to take all the money from the customer upfront and then distribute to the different suppliers. That's the way to do it. So these things are very important to us, and it's early, but I am pleased to see us up and running. And later on, we'll be able to come back to you, hopefully, with some numbers and give you some -- in the future, some idea of how it's doing. Regarding alternative accommodation, it's clearly an important part of the business. We talked about it last quarter, how, many people in the second quarter went for alternate accommodations when you compare it back to the 2019 numbers because for the reasons that we talked about in terms of safety, people wanting to feel that they were weren't a big crowd, a lot of the issues we talked about last time. That's important around the world. And we've always talked about how important it is to offer up to our customers every single type of accommodation they may want. And we know by having more selection, that improves the proposition to the consumer. So we're continuing to do that. Now I've also talked about how, particularly in certain geographies like the U.S., we were not getting as much of the inventory as we should have and that we know is needed in certain types of alternative accommodations, primarily the individual home unit, and we continue to build that out, too, because we know people want that one, too. So strategy is to continue to build that out and make sure that we're offering the customer what they want, when they want it.  And David, I don't know if you want to give anything in terms of this question about year-to-date.
Glenn Fogel: So Chris, on the performance marketing, you're smart to point out the fact that cancellations is going to impact the ROI significantly. So when we start seeing virus rates going up, we are immediately taking action that we don't want to be paying for a whole bunch of clicks that are not going to end up in revenue. Even if they end up in a booking, the booking gets canceled and you end up how you spent the money for nothing. So absolutely, there's a direct relationship. And as virus rates go up, as restrictions follow up in terms of restricting travel, we are immediately readjusting our expectation in terms of our performance marketing. So that is absolutely correct. In terms of the yield, we have not made any call in terms of when a vaccine is going to be declared effective and safe, nor how long it will take to be distributed or not. I think everybody, though, has read all the news about these things. I don't think anybody is expecting a large distribution or global distribution anytime soon, so certainly not nearly in the first quarter. So we're not based on our decisions on that at all. We are hopeful, though, that we've seen what happened in the spring, and we saw government actions did help, and we saw what happened in the summer. There was that rebound, pent-up demand. So we're hopeful. And David, you made the curve. So you can explain further on how we came up with what we are -- why we're doing what we're doing.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark. So as I talked a little earlier about this certainly in the prepared remarks, we've seen a significant drop and talked about the last 7 days. Things move very quickly. Changes happen very rapidly when governments make changes in terms of ability to travel, restrictions in terms of going to restaurants, non-essential shops being closed. These things make immediate impact on people. In fact, I haven't actually tried it this time, but you can watch on our systems. You can watch an announcement go out and very, very quickly. You can see the impact towards cancellations or drops in bookings for future stays. So there's an incredible correlation between that. In terms of alternative accommodations, my thoughts -- it's interesting, the beginning of the crisis, I wasn't sure which way this might go because on the one hand, I thought that people would want to not be in a crowded hotel and risk getting infected or going to elevator. And so therefore, they would want an alternative combination where they could be separate from people, but I also recognize that people may be wanting industrial strength, disinfecting of rooms and professionalized treatment of the entire place. So maybe you go for hotels.  Clearly, we've seen the statistics very early in the Q2 area where we saw that significant increase in share shift to alternative accommodations for us than we've seen in Q3. It's not as much. I do believe that the trend that has been going on for a very long time of more and more people contemplating and then using the alternative accommodations, I think that trend has just been accelerated. In fact, it brought forward what would have happened perhaps on a year or 2 years or whatever in the future because now people did try this. And now I do believe that there is a continuous shift once you've tried it. And if you like it, you're going to put it in your consideration set for the future.  Now of course, when we talked about our share of alternative accommodations in total, when there's -- let's say -- let’s go to even Q2 when it was a big number, 40%. Well, that meant 60% of the new bookings were for hotels. Hotels are still a really popular way to stay, and they will always be. That's one of the things that's great about our platform because we offer both. We offer the most of both. And that is something that is a winning combination for our customers. When they come on, we know from the data that many people who come on to our site, they're not sure yet where they want to stay. And they're looking at a lot of different types of accommodations. By offering them all the different types of accommodations, that makes us a winner in terms of getting them to book it with us. And I think that's going to be what we're going to keep going forward.
Glenn Fogel: Deepak, I think that certainly, what you're saying could be the case, and I think it's hard to say, and as David said, we're not expecting to hit the lows of April yet. But I'll point out there are counter facts, too, such as, as we're entering the spring and into the summer, it was getting warmer. It was getting lighter in the Northern Hemisphere and you could travel locally and have a nice holiday away from wherever you were. If you were in a city that was suffering significant infection rates, and you just wanted to get out, it was easy to say, we’re going to drive or get my car and drive not so far away and it's pleasant, I can go outside, maybe near a beach, maybe near a lake, whenever, let's take a little holiday, okay? Not so great in the middle of the winter in the dark. So that's kind of a factor. Who knows? I think the right way to think about this stuff is not think about right now, second wave, next couple of months. I think the important thing is to think about the long term. And that's what we continue to put our focus on, is making sure that we're coming up with our systems, our products, our services, working with our suppliers so we have everything set up right when that demand comes back for real in the way we know it will because all pandemics do end; they do. Whether there is a vaccine or not, and we hope there'll be one soon, and all the news says they'll be one relatively soon. But even if not, even not a vaccine a pandemic will end, people will start traveling again. And we will, I believe, have that very wonderful rebound and come out of this crisis.
Glenn Fogel: Well, there's definitely a widened use case because we're operating in a very, very different world right now. I haven't done any research. We have not done the research to really nail down how many people decided, I want to use an alternative accommodation because I cannot live in just a one-room apartment in the city for the next month. I need to get out in a bigger space in the country. I don't know how many of you did that. Where people said, I'm working from home, and I live in a studio, I need another place. I can't do that; where a family that say, the kids are going crazy. We got to get out of this place and go there. So there are a lot of alternative uses of the alternative accommodations that never existed before. And that could very well have driven that up. I think in the long run, though, again, people having experienced this, now it goes into the consideration set for any type of use, standard holiday or not. And that's why I do believe, in the long run, continue to build our inventory for the single property type use is very important.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So the first thing I want to do, I just want to say thank you once again to all of our employees who have been working so hard to help our partners and customers in these very difficult times. And of course, I absolutely want to thank our customers who choose from the many available options to book their travel through us. And finally, I have to thank all of our supplier partners who continue to work closely with us as we try and get through this crisis. While the near term will definitely be challenging I remain confident in our long-term value proposition, and we are focused on the steps we have to take today to create a better company tomorrow. Please be safe, and good night.
David Goulden: Yes. I can provide a little extra color, Glenn, and Alex, in response to the question. Perhaps it’s just the best way to talk about things in the third quarter because the USA numbers are really skewed pretty much by what's happened so far this year in Q1 and Q2. So just to remind you, we have over [6.5 million] listings in the alternative space. We mentioned that we saw a growth in Q3 in our domestic business. And to give a little bit more context around that, within the domestic business, alternative accommodations grew low double-digits, whereas the rest of the business or the core business grew low single-digits. So that kind of gives you a spread for how they did relative to each other in the third quarter. The area we saw the biggest improvements in alternative accommodations growth vis-à-vis what we saw in the second quarter was in Europe, just another data point.
David Goulden: I just want to add, I think you said it upfront, Glenn, but just to be clear that right now, the declines that we're seeing in Europe, they're obviously worse than the global average numbers I gave you, but they're not as deep as we were back in April, just to be clear. But we do see the shape of things being a little different as well. We think -- we obviously saw -- witnessed April was much more of a deep V in terms of the shape of the first wave as those -- the shock back in the long-term bookings that were on the book got canceled. We believe that we're going into more of a U-shaped trend environment for the rest of the winter, what we hopefully is deep. But of course, the winter months are also a factor because in the North Hemisphere, particularly in Europe, it's much harder to travel to warm weather without getting on a plane. So the substitution effect we saw in the third quarter from international to domestic are probably going to be less in the winter months than we were able to enjoy in the third quarter. There are a few factors going on. But just to reinforce, it is worse than the average, but not quite yet as bad as we were in April.
David Goulden: Well, I think, Glenn, you summarized it well. But I think that we just believe that there won't be much change in the environment in Europe and maybe in North America through the winter months. We believe that, hopefully, that when we get to the early spreading, that might be coupled with more progress towards a vaccine or vaccines. We're not making a call on when one is going to become available, as Glenn said, but hopefully, there'll be better news. But also there'll be better weather and people thinking about the spring and the ability to travel again and the prospects of warmer climates, warm weather to come. And we expect that will hopefully be kind of the slope up on the U. We are optimistic that when we see the recovery, it will be a strong recovery in the spring, as I think we saw it was in the summer this year.
David Goulden: Yes. Thanks, Glenn. No additional hard data points to provide now. But just to give you a little color, obviously, we said several quarters ago, we were over 50% mobile, and that's continued to increase in a positive direction. And we are pleased with the fact that the app, it continues to be a very major part of the mobile business but also increasing in line with the growth in mobile. So at the appropriate time, we'll give you a few more data points on that. But we're not quite ready to break those out today, but they are trending positively. And to Glenn's point, particularly with the app, not just as a place where we can get more direct business, but also a place where, essentially, the customer trip -- the customer connected trip will actually live and we can interact not just during the booking process but also during the trip as well in a very real way. We can also deliver the multi-product capabilities. That is super important. So we're pleased to see that move in the right direction.
David Goulden: I'm sorry. Back to the first question, just kind of how we match property type to travel. I mean, that really is what our business is all about. And you could see property type to travel or travel to property type. And obviously, we do that very dynamically. So we're, of course, using machine learning and artificial intelligence. The more you visited our sites or site, the more we know about you. Therefore, we're going to optimize our results to your search to kind of match your prior needs and behavior. But of course, more recently for both the traveler and the accommodation, we'd be focused much more upon the domestic market opportunities, letting our suppliers make themselves available and attractive to our travelers. If you spent any time on our site recently, particularly Booking.com, you'll see that there's extensive information that the properties can put in now about what they've done across a number of dimensions to handle safety and health during the pandemic. So it's absolutely kind of just a core premise of how the business operates that we intelligently do that mapping and matching.  Now of course, because we have the benefit of having a very, very broad range of both traditional hotels and alternative accommodations on the same platform, we can let people filter, search, compare side-by-side on a very comparable basis. And we think that provides a unique value to a lot of our customers. But as you would expect, we've been optimizing and modifying that quite a lot. And if you search for something this time this year and compare it to this time last year because of the pandemic, you get very different priority results coming back to you.
David Goulden: Yes. Sure, Justin. Let me give you a couple of thoughts here. So first of all, we expect our business to have very attractive, and continue to have industry-leading margins when demand fully returns. There'll be a couple of puts and takes. So for example, as we build into new products like air, those will be dilutive to the margin rates, but obviously, healthy margin dollars and important to our business and strategy. And things like payments, again, will be diluted to the margin rate, but will contribute margin dollars. You have to take that into account in thinking about the long-term future. But as I said, we expect to have industry-leading margins in the long-term. Between now and when we get back to full recovery, there'll be some puts and takes. Obviously, for example, as we grow rapidly, as we expect to over the next few years, as the industry recovers, we will incur marketing expenses related to our bookings prior to those bookings turning into revenue. So during those periods of reacceleration, there'll be some downward pressure on our operating margins as we kind of build that book of business again. As I said, in the long-term, we expect to be very well positioned.
David Goulden: No, I think you covered the major areas, Glenn. Obviously, we are -- as we enter, euphemistically, the second wave -- we were in -- all were into lockdown in the first, including customers and ourselves and our partners. There'll be some differences. Glenn talked about the force majeure which is obviously important. Typically, there are fewer bookings that are on the books right now because we're operating at much lower levels than we were back in the January, February time before everything hit. So that will also -- we do some of the extra workload that we have been on customer service, although we expect there to be some. And as I mentioned, we've seen customers, particularly recently favoring the more flexible cancellation policies, which, of course, isn’t everybody's practice and that also -- has also had a slight leaning towards the agency product where the cancellation options are all flexible. So we're going into it eyes open. I'm sure there are going to be some things we haven't foreseen that come along. But I think it will be quite different in terms of how we'll be able to deal with this vis-à-vis the "all hands on deck" situation back in April and May.
David Goulden: Yes, I do. Thanks, Glenn. Just to -- relative to the U.S. in the third quarter, when we look across the major markets, the U.S. was by far the strongest of the major markets for us from a performance point of view. The decline rates there were lower than the average and lower than any of our other territories. So we're not talking market share, but just to give you something directional to think about in terms of how the business performed. And then, Lee, on the cost side, yes, you're right, there's $250 million to $300 million of expense reductions annualized from Booking.com. There's also $80 million from the other brands as well. So please don't go that piece as well. You're right. Most of those related to volume-related functions in the business, things like customer service, so credit collection partner search. It's not entirely but largely functions like that which are tied to volume. So as volumes come back, as we expect to do over the next few years, we obviously need to replace that cost base. So we're looking at all sorts of alternatives, including how much more technology can we deploy in those areas as we would do normally.  The cost savings that we're not talking about right now are because we're in the middle of a crisis and we've got our hands full. We've getting the volume cost aspects out of the business. Already operating efficiencies in the business in other areas beyond what we're doing now, that's not the immediate focus. It's something we can take and to look at once we get beyond the crisis and we start to see a recovery. Of course, we've been running a fairly efficient business in the first place. We're not sitting with a large amount of excess fixed costs to optimize, but there's always opportunity.  And if you recall, we started talking about some of those things a little bit before the coronavirus hit in the spring of this year. So we'll come back to those in the fullness of time. And we'll also look to make sure that as we continue to drive efficiencies in the business that we don't bring back all the costs that had to -- lead the business as the business returns to prior volumes.
