Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you, and welcome to Priceline's Third Quarter Conference Call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we'll take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the third quarter of approximately $7.8 billion, up 25% year-over-year or about 34% on a local currency basis. Non-GAAP net income was $638 million or $12.40 per share, up 25% versus prior year. Third quarter results surpassed FactSet consensus estimates of $11.82 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $55.2 million for the quarter, up 36% year-over-year. Our international business recorded 41% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis, down from 44% in the second quarter. Hotel room night growth rates in the second half of the quarter were better than forecast, particularly in Europe, where generally our forecast for further significant deceleration proved conservative. Growth rates benefited from continued high growth rates in Asia-Pacific and the Americas. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply and strong results at Rentalcars.com. Booking.com's platform now has over 245,000 hotels and other accommodations, up 44% over last year. Booking.com's growth has held up well despite the concentration of its business in European countries experiencing weak economic conditions. Absolute transaction in the local currency growth rates in Europe and non-euro markets maintained solid momentum during the quarter and we believe continued to gain market share. Agoda delivered another quarter of strong room night growth and continues building supply and distribution. Agoda is building scale in the fast-growing Asia-Pacific market as a destination and as a site where APAC customers can book hotels in other parts of the world. Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 7% in third quarter, due primarily to growth in retail airline ticket and hotel room night gross bookings, aided by higher ticket prices and ADRs, as well as growth in domestic retail rental car reservations. Trailing 12-month gross bookings for priceline.com were $5 billion, an important milestone for the business. priceline.com has launched Express Deals and a number of exciting mobile services. Transactional business on its mobile services are growing rapidly, and continuous innovation is helping drive this momentum. Merchant gross bookings growth of 24% continues to reflect growth at Agoda and Rentalcars.com. Growth in rental car days increased sequentially from 29% to 35%, driven by improved results at priceline.com and strong growth at Rentalcars.com. The group's business performance exceeded expectations in the quarter, showing resilience in the face of weak economic conditions in major markets. We did see pressure on operating margins in the third quarter, though not to the degree forecast and expect that pressure to continue in Q4. This is driven primarily by investments in marketing and people, as we prioritize initiatives that drive growth even if those expenditures create pressure on operating leverage. The business continues to support this type of investment and the achievement of attractive operating margins. Our aim is to continue building our brands by investing in geographic expansion and supply, product and service innovation and customer acquisition. I want to finish with a final note about Hurricane Sandy, which has had a large impact on those of us in the northeast, including many of you on this call, and we thank you for participating when you may be dealing with power outages and damage to property. Our teams are working very hard with our suppliers to serve customers whose travel plans have been interrupted, and I thank them for their dedication. And we wish all those affected by the storm a speedy recovery. It is too early to quantify precisely the impact of the storm on our business. New York City, which is an important destination for Booking.com and priceline.com, will be substantially disrupted for many days with reduced bookings and high cancellations. Having said that, given that most of our business is for travel to international destinations, our best estimate at this time is that the negative effect of Hurricane Sandy would fall within the range of our guidance for the fourth quarter. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, Justin, I'll try to address the first question. The 245,000 hotels refers to Booking.com. And I think they've done an excellent job of building on the hotel platform at a pretty fast clip, 40-plus percent growth year-over-year. I've said in previous calls that in a lot of cases, we're adding non-hotel accommodations, and those properties often have lower room counts than some of the larger hotels. And so there's potentially a diminishing return as you continue to add hotels. But I think you can expect Booking.com and Agoda as well to continue to add properties to their list. Growth rates are driven, not just by adding new properties, although that's important, but also by driving greater penetration of existing hotels. And I think given the size of the business, that's equally important to a hotel count. So when you look at the business and the trends in unit growth, I'd point to not just new hotel counts but also to penetration of existing hotels, and then just to driving fundamental underlying demand, which is also an important driver of momentum in unit growth.
Jeffery H. Boyd: We are seeing rapid growth of business moving to mobile. We haven't released any specific share percentages, but you've seen some of that in the marketplace by our competition, and I think that could give you a directional idea of where we are in the United States in particular. There's some variability by region. Our teams around the world are working very hard to innovate on the new platforms with apps and upgrades to the mobile web. We're also looking, from the ground up, at our desktop functionality and user experience so that it's optimized for browsing on tablets. It's a very important channel shift that we're seeing in this space, and it's giving us an opportunity to offer some new products to our customers. And priceline.com released an app recently that's got some new features on it that we think are very interesting and attractive, called Express Deals Pro. That's the kind of testing you can do on mobile platforms and see what the consumer experience is. So we continue to be very excited about it, and it's one of our primary areas for resources and investment because we think it gives us a great opportunity, having the back end that we have, to really lead the market in building the best front-end applications for the consumer.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. Doug, I'll do the first one, and maybe Dan can do the second one. We look at our business as having, on an absolute and a relative basis, very attractive operating margins. And we've had a great opportunity and good execution over the last several years to see some pretty good growth on those margins. But we are looking at a lot of very attractive opportunities in the marketplace today. We're looking at a very competitive marketplace. And our outlook is that we really should focus on making investments where we need to, where we think the long-term return on those investments will drive growth in the business and help us gain market share and build our franchises, and that we shouldn't feel limited in making those investments because they could, in the near term, have a negative impact on operating margins. And there's a very wide spectrum of approaches that companies in our space make to this issue. There are some outstanding companies who operate on very, very narrow margins and throw everything back into the business. That hasn't been our approach. And if you look at the other travel companies, online travel companies that we compete with, they generally are investing in their businesses at a much higher level than we are. And I think our long-term outlook is that we should be able to substantially invest in the business and have very, very attractive operating margins, but we're not going to forego important investments, for example, on things like mobile, just because we think, in the near term, that they're going to have a negative impact on operating margins.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And Michael, I wouldn't go out on a limb and say that the trends that we're seeing in the U.K. potentially would represent a bottoming with respect to their overall economy. And the reason I wouldn't do that is that during this summer, there was just an awful lot of things that could potentially have impacted travel trends in the U.K.: The Queen's Jubilee; the Olympics; soccer tournaments. And while it's impossible for us to really know the degree to which any of those things had an impact, just the timing of the softness that we saw in the U.K. and then the firming of the business in the U.K. leads me to believe that there may have been some impact in that one market of all of those things, and that’s not really a statement about the broader economy.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So your first question about seasonality and whether the business in Asia and the southern hemisphere will have an impact on Q4, well, I'll let Dan cover that one, and I'll do the second.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And with respect to marketing deleverage. Our efforts around marketing in general are always aimed at trying to drive loyal customers. And I wouldn't attribute the guidance for reduced operating leverage to concern about repeat rates and customer return rates because we track those and they're in good shape. You have a business that’s the size of our business that’s growing as rapidly as our business is, it requires very substantial inflows of new customers even if you have outstanding repeat rates to drive that growth. There definitely is a regional impact to marketing efficiencies. Some regions are more efficient and effective than others. Some regions are more competitive, as Dan mentioned, Asia-Pacific, Asia in particular tends to have lower ADRs. That can create challenges in terms of variable marketing expenses and online channels. But suffice it to say, we look at attractive regions like Asia. We look at relatively new distribution channels that we think are going to grow and where we know we have that leading position, and we're prepared to push marketing dollars in those directions even if the net result of that on a global basis is to put pressure on our ROIs just because we know that we need to build scale in those channels, and ultimately, we think if we can put our product in front of new customers in those channels that will drive repeat business over the long term.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So if you look at the business by various channels, there's no question that there's been a shift, a continuing shift of shares online. As Dan mentioned, a big part of that is the businesses that rely more heavily on online are growing faster than the U.S. business, which tends to have less reliance on online. So that's just the -- that's the math of it and it doesn't really have anything to do with the balance of free versus paid traffic. Now there's no question that some of the things that are happening out there in the marketplace and some of the major Pay-Per-Click channels is tending to do a very good job of taking traffic that used to come free through organic search and have that traffic now be paid for through paid search. And that's -- if you look at a lot of the changes that have been made by the major search engines, that's been an effort on their part. And I think they're doing that because they believe it drives a good customer experience, but also it's obviously helpful to their financial situation. And from our perspective, we're comfortable with it as long as the ROIs and conversion in those products are attractive, which they have been and are for us. We -- as Dan said earlier, we can't get into a discussion about what CPCs are and what conversion is because those really are going to be primarily driven by actions that we're taking in the marketplace to be relatively more aggressive, less aggressive, what channels we're in, et cetera. And so we just don't comment on that publicly because it gives people a heads-up as to what we're doing competitively.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay Brian, with respect to share gains, we -- based on the information that's public as of today that we're aware of, we look at our growth rates, and they're faster than our competition so I think we continue to gain share. We look at the various distribution channels that we are active in. And I think we're doing well from a share perspective in those channels. There are some channels that our competition is more aggressive in and I think assigns a higher strategic value to them than maybe we do. And the example I would give you is in sort of in the white label affiliate business. Both Expedia and Orbitz put a lot of effort into that and are very aggressive in going after that business and do a very good job of it. And it's possible that they've gotten some affiliate business that we're not getting. And so that I think is derived from business decisions that they've made and we've made with our eyes open as to what -- how we value, relatively, the business from that channel. But I think our businesses are performing very well. Having said that, I would also say that we operate in a very attractive space with a lot of running room. And as our competition executes better, there's room for their businesses to perform well. And Expedia had a good quarter, and their growth rate accelerated. And as you look at our growth rates and if you look at how we're behaving competitively in the marketplace, I think it would be disingenuous to say that there was no impact on us. I think we're both competing very aggressively with each other. And I think you have 2 companies that are executing pretty well right now.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Yes, we do track what our estimated share is of the hotel inventory. That's not a number that we publish, but I do believe we have -- if you look at the totality of the inventory, there's substantial headroom for us to grow our business with existing hotels, as well as the opportunity to add new supply and grow there.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So Ross, the -- I answer the second question first. I'm just not going to give regional detail on how marketing is performing. With respect to affiliate criteria, I'd say a couple of very broad things. The first is that we would tend to value more highly a branded affiliate that has its own product offering and something that customers are coming to the website for reasons that are independent and they have their own loyal customers. That's something that we would tend to value more highly than, for example, a website that doesn't have a substantial brand and relies primarily on Pay-Per-Click marketing where they'd be competing with us in the same channel, or search engine optimization kind of business. So those would be 2 contrasting types of affiliates, one which we would assign a little bit of a higher value to and one which we would assign a much lower value to. The second thing I would say is that our approach on that is also driven by our view of what the appropriate economics are for affiliate-type business. Our competition for certain affiliates might be much more aggressive pricing the business to affiliates where we might think we've got a pretty good chance of getting bookings directly to our sites, where we have big market share and not necessarily have to take inventory, which is in potentially short supply in high season and provide that to an affiliate for them to sell it and confer most of the economics to them. So those are 2 sorts of differences that you might find between us and our competition.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Sure. We participate in Google Hotel Finder with a number of our brands. So far, it has not become a very substantial part of the business that we do with Google. And I think that's based on the way they've decided to drive traffic to it. That doesn't mean it couldn't grow in the future. We're satisfied with the performance we've seen. I think our products display well there. And I think we've done a good job of building the technology there effectively in a grade and display well in that marketplace.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I can't give you a specific forecast of when it, "would be fully ramped up." Our expectation is to continue to work with CTRIP to not only optimize the offering, but to capitalize over the long term in what I think most people believe will be a rapidly growing demand for Chinese nationals to travel overseas. So I would hope that there is a long runway of sort of fundamental growth for that business that we could participate in through our relationship with CTRIP.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And in terms of guidance, Q3 relative to Q2, we did say, Justin, in Q2 that we had built a specific additional level of conservatism into our forecast, which at the time, we were hoping was going to be conservatism, but was really just based upon the fact that we had seen significant deceleration, and we had seen the weakness that we had seen for a while in Southern Europe spreading to other markets across Europe. We’ve highlighted the U.K. This quarter, we were pleased that the back half of Q3 ended up being pretty solid. And the results to date in Q4, I would say, are solid. And so we have built some deceleration in there, which is more just our natural expectation that a business this size is going to decelerate over time and then reflects the difficult comp we've got in the latter half of the quarter. But we did not build any specific additional deceleration in relative to concerns over macroeconomic conditions.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Of course. So in terms of online advertising and its impact on deleverage, we've seen for several quarters a continuing trend where the mix of our business is shifting more to paid channels, and that's just the way people are choosing to access the Internet and find our website. So we are pleased to participate in that in an effective fashion and then it’s been a very important driver of demand for our websites. We saw this past quarters a deterioration in trends year-over-year in terms of advertising ROI so a fundamental efficiency for our brands. We don't get into a lot of the specifics behind that, but you know the drivers are ADRs and year-over-year cancel rates. We've talked from time-to-time and we give a specific guidance on ADRs, that those are down in Q3 year-over-year, and we're expecting them to be down further in Q4. So that's not helpful to unit economics. Cancel rates have been climbing for a while. It's -- one of the benefits of our model for Booking.com is that it's an agency model, and it's easy for a customer to cancel if their plans change. So we don't look at that as a net negative as long as our gross bookings growth rate net of cancels continues to climb at an attractive rate. And the other factors we've built into that in terms of CPC and conversion rates are more sensitive competitively, and so we don't speak to what we're seeing there, but those are the other factors that go into that equation. In terms of a stock repurchase, we have about $460 million authorized by our board that we can use to buy back stock. We did buyback in the first quarter of this year about $250 million, if I recall correctly; it's in our Q. And we continue to look from time-to-time, and we will buy back stock where we think there's an opportunity to do so at attractive prices.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And in terms of ADRs in Q4, it reflects the trend that we're seeing market-by-market, and the trend varies market to market. And it also reflects the mix in the business. So Asia-Pacific growing at a faster rate overall than other regions and typically at lower ADRs would have an impact of driving down that overall growth rate.
Daniel J. Finnegan: In terms of our rental car business, Michael, we saw retail pricing continuing to be down in kind of the mid single-digit range here in the U.S. and internationally. I think that has a function of helping drive retail volume. It's not as helpful to our Name Your Own Price business, but we did see relatively less pressure in terms of discounted availability this quarter than last quarter, but we still did have a decrease in that business year-over-year.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Okay, and so seasonality in Q4. Q4 is seasonally a more important quarter of the year for our Asia-Pacific business, certainly relative to U.S. and Europe, which have their peak season in Q2 and Q3. So you do see somewhat of an impact in that those businesses represent a relatively larger percentage of our business in that quarter. But you know, we talked about last quarter, Europe, 60% of our business. That doesn't change that dramatically, but you're going to see this to any greater extent than what we have indicated in our guidance.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And in terms of our regional growth, we gave that last quarter, Brian, just because we wanted to give you guys color because we had such concern about what was going on in Europe from an economic perspective. To just give -- have a little bit more information to do your own modeling, we're not going to typically provide that level of detail, but you can see the level of deceleration overall was modest. And we pointed to conditions in Europe being stable so you can assume there wasn't a dramatic change in trajectory there.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Well, the situation has been stable in Q4 so far. We're pleased with the growth rate that we posted so far to date. And I think our forecast just reflects kind of natural level of deceleration given the size of the business. But we didn't call out anything specific that we’ve seen a change in trend there.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Okay. In terms of the tax rate, Tracy, we're guiding towards a cash tax rate of 15.6% in Q4. And in terms of performance thus far in Q4, it's been stable to date. And we said we're expecting deceleration of the business given the size of the business and a difficult comp in December, but we haven't built in any specific conservatism related to concerns over macroeconomic conditions. You know we still have them; they just haven't manifested themselves to the extent we were concerned they might in the back half of Q3, and thus far in Q4.
