Jeffery Boyd: Thank you. Welcome to Priceline's First Quarter Conference Call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. The Priceline Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the first quarter of approximately $9.2 billion, up 36% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $297 million or $5.76 per share, up 35% versus prior year. First quarter results surpassed FactSet consensus estimates of $5.27 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $63.2 million for the quarter, up 38% year-over-year. Our international business recorded 43% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis consistent with Q4’s growth rate. Hotel room night growth rates in the latter part of the quarter were better than expected as our forecast for deceleration proved conservative. Growth rates benefited from good results in Europe and continued high growth rates in Asia Pacific and the Americas. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply and strong results at Rentalcars.com. Booking.com's platform now has over 295,000 hotels and other accommodations, up 40% over last year. Booking.com’s growth in Europe has held up well despite the weak economic conditions, particularly in Southern countries and negative news cycles relating to the politics of the debt crisis. Absolute transaction on local currency growth rates in Europe and non-Europe were steady on average in Q1, leading to no deceleration in room night growth for the consolidated group and we believe market share gains. Booking.com continued its aggressive development of markets outside Europe. These markets continue to grow faster than the core European markets, contributing more to overall growth as they become a larger percentage of the whole business. Investment in this effort includes people to build their hotel supply and marketing spend, including Booking.com’s offline marketing experiment in the United States. We are pleased with the results of these efforts today and with the resulting levels of room night growth we have sustained over the last year. Agoda delivered good room night growth in the quarter and is building a leadership position in many of its Asia Pacific markets, particularly for Asia Pacific bookers. With Agoda and Booking.com whose APAC business does particularly well within international bookers, we believe the group has build a valuable franchise in this part of the world with attractive prospects as the region grows. Priceline’s domestic gross bookings grew 9% in the first quarter due to growth in domestic rental car reservations as well as improved hotel room night gross bookings aided by growth in the Express Deals service. We are pleased with priceline.com’s progress building Express Deals and the response to its new ad campaign featuring William Shatner and Kaley Cuoco. Merchant gross bookings growth of 27% continues to reflect growth at Agoda and Rentalcars.com. Growth in rental car days increased sequentially from 37% to 43% driven by strong growth at Rentalcars.com and improved results at priceline.com. While the first quarter is seasonally the smallest earnings quarter for Rentalcars.com, the business continued to perform well as it builds out its international footprint. We have now received the necessary approvals for the KAYAK transaction and currently expect to close the transaction on May 21st. As we’ve said before, consistent with our history with Booking.com, Agoda and Rentalcars.com, KAYAK will be operated independently by current management and we’re excited to welcome them to the group. The Group’s business performance exceeded expectations in the quarter and pressure on operating margins in the first quarter did not materialize to the degree of forecast. As you know, it is difficult to forecast future marketing efficiencies, given changing business mix and competitive and seasonal factors. However, it is important to keep in mind this quarter, the quarter variability and operating margins is not reflective of any change in our philosophy of building our business and brands by investing in geographic expansions supply, product and service innovation and customer acquisition, or how we carry out that philosophy. I want to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Jeffery Boyd: Eric, we are looking at this as an experiment where our approach will be to very carefully measure what the impact of the spend is not only on direct business to Booking.com but in the performance of the brand and the all other channels in which it advertisers aggressively. The results of that, that process of evaluating the data will take place over the course of the year and how we will proceed afterwards is will be driven by the data. Obviously the group has very substantial experience of advertising in the United States on the priceline.com brand and I think the team here has done a good job of very efficiently using a mix of offline and online to drive brand awareness and really effective online advertising and that’s ultimately -- the goal is to try to demonstrate that the Booking.com spend offline will have a positive ROI.  But we haven’t taken any decision to that, given the sort of stage and the process we are in. But as Dan and I both mentioned, we were happy with the results that we’ve seen in the booking.com business outside of the core European market, including North America. And we are excited to continue (inaudible).
Jeffery Boyd: I think it would be a mistake to try to attribute it to more or less anyone. We do -- we have a competitive marketplace and that’s certainly reflected in competition for clicks and keywords in some of the biggest and most popular travel markets. So we operate in, we have other markets where there is pressure on hotel average daily rates where there is lot of competition by local players where your brand may not be as strong and so convert as long as strong it is and up in markets where you have been operating for a longer time. So all those things have an impact as well as the unique competitive behaviour of each player in the space has got their own approach and their own specific goals they are trying to accomplish with their marketing spend.
Jeffery Boyd: The -- I think the -- it’s always very difficult to assess the impact positive or negative of an event like the Olympics or World Cup Soccer. So I think its fair to say that we have in preparing our guidance made any real account for the fact that the Olympics were last year.
Jeffery Boyd: I think that our brands are doing a good job in mobile. I think that the level of progress is different at different brands depending on the markets they are primarily operating in, the United States and Western Europe in particular I think we have outstanding apps in mobile functionality and the share of the business is being transacted and mobile channel is being growing very steadily, and I think compares well to some of the numbers that have been published out there by others in our space and similar spaces. We feel like we are pushing out distinctive functionality that’s attractive to users and its still relatively new markets, so we are very hard to try to figure out what the most sufficient distribution methods are and so forth. The hotel space is typically is first in line here and I think relatively more advanced than the rental car space and I don’t think that’s vastly difference between us and our competition, and obviously we’re primarily focus on hotel space because that’s our most important market.
Jeffery Boyd: Thank you, Heath. Our ultimate goal is to have the broadest possible diversification of macro risk which you can have with truly global business. Our more specific issue over the last couple of years has been the relatively high concentration of the Booking.com business in Europe as Europe is going through it issues concerning sovereign debt. And we have consistently said and shown that percentage of the business of Booking.com that is in Europe is shrinking every quarter just because it’s business outside of that region is growing faster than Europe business, and that condition and circumstance remains true for the first quarter. I think it’s a harder question to say, we therefore expose to different macroeconomic risk as our exposure in United States grows and as pure statement of fact, the answer to that is, yes, we have greater risk in United States as our business United States grows. But I’m much, much happier and I think it’s much better for the business as a whole to have a business that has ultimately probably diversified as a travel market that we serve and I think growing our business in the United States is necessary to accomplish that goal.
Jeffery Boyd: The way I would answer that is I think that we have gotten a very good performance from our colleagues who are managing the advertising both online and offline for our brands around the world. If you look at the absolute size of our business and to date I think what we could fairly describe is pretty modest deceleration of a very big business. I think the business as a whole is performing very, very well and balancing the desire to build the franchise and drive high level of growth on the one hand and deliver operating margin and profit to shareholders on the other hand.  If we could be criticized for how we are balancing that, I think the only fair criticism would be that we’re not spending in a hot and we are pushing too much towards the margin side. I am very comfortable with the balance we are striking and I tried to make it clear in my prepared remarks that neither the results that we are reporting nor what we are guiding to is representing any change of philosophy on our part. We are with our current course of speed, continue making the investments that we think will pay off, not just in terms of growth today but in terms of earnings down the road. And I think we are doing a decent job striking that balance.
Jeffery Boyd: So on the first question, the best way I can answer that is to say that we have been pleasantly surprised with the resilience of the travel and consumer that we serve, really in all our markets were times of economic uncertainty, travel is -- we’re leisure travel guys and it’s compelling activity and people are -- they are traveling and booking hotel rooms, and of course airline tickets, some really shaky economic circumstances. I don’t think it would be fair to say that I feel differently about that than or Dan feels differently about that than we did three months ago, I think it’s about the same and the language that we read in the script is exactly the same as what we read three months ago. So I think we feel the same but we are gratified by the resilience of the traveler worldwide. With respect to the second quarter comp, we looked at the performance of the business in the second quarter last year and the absolute growth rates that we achieved were in our opinion pretty impressive and we also delivered strong operating margins which represented an improvement year over year. And so we feel like that’s a very solid comp against which we have to perform this year.
Jeffery Boyd: With respect to the Booking.com brand awareness in Europe and other markets outside the United States, I don’t have that data with me. It’s something that we track and I would say Booking.com has done a great job of building awareness through its online campaigns in Europe and by virtue of the quality of its user experience and repeat customers. And I think it’s safe to say that the awareness that Booking.com enjoys in Europe, especially in the markets where it’s been operating for a long time is certainly ahead of what it is here in the United States. And the question is whether it’s an opportunity to take just to try to further improve that brand awareness is something that we continually think about. But I think we are approaching it in a thoughtful way to use a television market that we are very familiar with here in the United States in a very big homogenous advertising environment where you can just very, very efficiently get your message out and see what that does as I discussed before. With respect to Google enhanced campaigns, we typically are very active in advertising and testing and experimenting with all of the new opportunities and tools that Google provides to advertisers. I don’t have anything quantitative to say to you about how much that is and whether it’s good or bad. But we certainly are working with it and that’s just part of our everyday work with Google.
Jeffery Boyd: And Mark, with respect to mobile I am not sure about the press release that you quoted but I think we are -- we certainly are driving substantial share of the hotel business in particular through mobile. And we are very excited and pleased by how that’s going. With respect to the impact on advertising and maybe I can address a question that was also asked and I didn’t really cover in my answer, the search advertising in particular on mobile devices is in its very early days. And I think you’ve heard from others that when you look at -- tablet is a mobile device, it tends to look an awful like a desktop in terms of who is using it and where and what the experience is. And so now what we are seeing much more integration of search marketing programs that we are already involved in, on tablets today.  With respect to the handsets on the other hand, I think the search marketing is still very much in its early days. Like everybody else we are investing in it but I don’t believe that what’s going on in the mobile market right now is in any way a prime driver of our broad experience in terms of advertising efficiency. 
Jeffery Boyd: And with respect to cash use, we do believe that there will be opportunities in the future to deploy our cash in our international cash in particular either through investing in the business and growing the business or in acquisitions and as you mentioned, I can’t get specific with that. But we do believe there are attractive businesses out there, we have been reasonably acquisitive as a company. We haven’t done but we are always very active in the market. And with respect to other uses of cash as we said before, we have been buyers of our common stock and repurchase from time to time. We have an authorization outstanding that is matter of public record, and that will continue to be the case but that’s something we evaluate from time to time.
Jeffery Boyd: I think those markets continued to be very, very attractive markets, as internet penetration grows and as they benefit from fundamental economic growth and gaining affluence. Couple of comments. I think we did well in both markets based on the data available to us in terms of market share. We are comfortable with how we are proceeding. There are couple of specific challenges in those markets that we and I think everybody else has to deal with in Asia Pacific. It’s a very, very competitive market. And as we’ve said in previous calls, the absolute economics in terms of the pricing of hotels and the competition down there makes it potentially more expensive to those with brand. We are happy and prepared to bear that expanse. But that’s definitely a condition in the market place because, as I’ve said in my prepared remarks I think between Agoda and Booking.com, we are building an outstanding franchise in that region. And with respect to South America, there are unique operational issues that are brought there. They are particularly in Argentina where the government policy is very, very disruptive to international businesses. It makes it very, very difficult to bring people into the country to help build the business, obviously makes it very difficult to repatriate earnings. It’s just a very challenging environment for businesses in Argentina and that’s something that we all have to deal with. Having said that, we are working very hard to build our business there. We have a very natural position from which to build because we have so many customers both in Europe and North America who have logical links in travel to South America, and that’s a great footprint from which we can build to go and there with really great market share of international travelers who were in the region. And I think that’s been an advantage for us that those operational challenges are there.
Jeffery Boyd: For, Scott, on the competition question, Expedia is a very strong company and they’ve been competing very aggressively against us for quite some time. Their agency program dates back to the acquisition of Venere, which is many years ago now. So, we think we’ve been doing a decent job in the phase of very robust competition from Expedia. With respect to Expedia Traveler Preference, that program even thought they have been out for a while in terms of hotels that are fully involved. And it’s still a pretty small number. So they’ve got lot of hotels that are providing agency, but the number there providing both and offered on a combined basis is relatively small compared to 295,000 hotels and book.com is operating with. We’ve had experience with product here in the United States because we offered it on priceline.com. We think we understand how it works and we are comfortable that we’ve got the product and service to compete very effectively with that going forward. I can’t answer the question as to whether that particular programs have any impact -- having any impact on how they are behaving in online marketplaces, we don’t know that and just can’t ascertain that based on the data that we have in the marketplace. With respect to rental cars, we are operating a different business from Expedia, Rentalcars.com is a little bit of a different animal than Expedia or Hotwire, although I do know that Expedia owns carentals.com but I think that the market footprint of Rentalcars.com is quite different and has been on a very nice consistent growth path since we acquired and we are happy with what we are seeing there. With respect to the domestic rental car market, we’ve had good results in the quarter, as Dan mentioned for domestic rental car and we can really only speak for ourselves and what we're seeing. But we did -- we had a good quarter, the performance of the domestic rental car business actually improved sequentially and we were pleased with what we saw.
Jeffery Boyd: Our share gain comment is based on best information we have at the highest level, we see the absolute growth rates that our competition is reporting and we see our growth rates being higher and at the very highest level we say okay, we probably got some share there. Our folks out in the field have their own data but we don’t have anything that is more specific than that, than we would try to if you are on a conference call.
Jeffery Boyd: And with respect to the comment, I’m not spending enough as I tried to say. I think we’re just trying to strike the right balance here. And certainly, the opportunity that we have in front of us is especially in a lot of the new markets where we are standing is just so attractive that I think it would be his mistake for us not to go at that aggressively or to be timid about it because we’re worried about few basis points of margin to leverage in. And so I think we’re doing a good job of striking the right balance. But I think if you look at our growth numbers and how we’re performing vis-à-vis share against the other players in the space, who are also investing aggressively to try to penetrate these markets. I think it’s demonstrative of us doing a decent job of striking that balance.
Jeffery Boyd: I think the short answer to that is that we are not looking to try to drive higher margin through increasing cost to hoteliers. That is not part of our strategy at this time. I think it is true that some other players in the space charge hotels more. When that’s the case, we’d like to take advantage of that disparity so we can compete more aggressively for availability and rooms at times of high occupancy. If we have significant market share and I think with that comes a responsibility to be good partners with our hotels and I don’t think it would be consistent with that to think that it would be a good idea for us to do some sort of across the board price increase just because we were worried about our margins coming down a 100 basis points. 
Jeffery Boyd: I think we have done a pretty good job over the last number of years and scaling versus our non-advertising costs. We have had quarters of where the non-advertising operating costs go up a little bit because we need to staff up and enhance high seasoned growth, customer service requirements, aggressive hotel supply goals that we set for the teams and we are prepared to do that. But over the long term those costs have scaled nicely for us and should scale nicely in the future. The very substantial part of that it’s pushing now and we think that to the extent that we are going to be looking for scale there, it’s not going to be -- by trying to put pressure on compensation to our colleagues, I think we have the best people, we want to have the best people, we want to pay them well. So it’s really more about efficiency and how you do your business.
Daniel Finnegan: For the online advertising, ROIs, Tom, we didn’t pullout any significant change in trend there. Jeff pointed out last year. We had a very strong operating margin. We had decelerating growth rates last year. So that typically drives favorability in the margin because you’ve got checkouts that were booked in prior strong growth quarters and then deceleration generally ties together with lower spend in that quarter. So, I think that’s more of a driver, together we talked about a little bit of shift to ease the gross profit out of Q2 and into Q1 this year. Those would be the bigger factors in terms of margin deleverage from Q1 to Q2. In terms of offline advertising, we said that the runway would be similar to what you’ve seen in the past for Priceline and so that would be a good guide to look at there.
Daniel Finnegan: So on the rental cars business, Mark, we don’t disclose a lot of data on that but we have said in the past that merchant businesses are typically kind of high teens margins and rentalcars.com also a healthy margin and a profitable business for us. It’s so particularly concentrated in Europe but the team has done a great job in expanding the business outside of Europe, they are expanding into US, Australia. So they continue to just expand into additional markets and perform very well and grow well within their core European market as well. And the business growth that we have seen with our other businesses, typically there is room for margin expansion together with that and we are pleased with the margins that the business has delivered to date. 
Daniel Finnegan: We’re not going to parse it month by month for you Justin. We did say that our guidance does assume sequential deceleration and that’s generally been our mindset, as this is big business, it posted strong growth rates in the prior year. And so we assume sequential deceleration. We don’t talk about what we are seeing in for conversion, so we didn’t give any guidance there. Can’t really help you further with that, other than we gave you the broad advertising efficiency guidance.
Daniel Finnegan: Doug, Jeff said I think in our last call and I will say it again. Just mathematically as we start the comp against Q3 and Q4 where our ROIs were under pressure and we saw that our margins coming down year over year. That will provide an easier comp. So we’re not going to give guidance beyond this one quarter but just from a mathematical perspective that’s clearly an easier comp for us.
Daniel Finnegan: So we have definitely worked hard to find the optimal way to promote express deals on a website, and that is a function of continuous experimentation to see what gives us the best conversion. We have fabulous group of really loyal name your own price customers who want to use that product who are comfortable with it, who feel they can find the best savings and we want to make it as easy as possible for them to find what they find do so. We’ve got a very strong desire to serve our name your own price loyalists but we also want to make sure that a new customer coming into the website understands where to find Express Deals and that’s especially in the case for somebody who may not be comfortable bidding. So it’s really, it’s a process of experimentation and what you see today is going be different a month from now. And hopefully, we’ll be engaged in a process where we’re just constantly making that presentation better and more engaging for the consumer.
Daniel Finnegan: And in terms of our vacation rentals, Booking.com has done a great job over the last few years. It changed our language a little bit. We used to talk about hotel count and now we talk about hotel and other accommodations. So they have been fanning out and padding bed and breakfast in hostels and guest apartments to the website. And our hope overtime is that we would continue to add all types of properties that our customers are interested in staying in and can be booked over the Internet. So I think we’ll continue down that path and they’ve done a great job till now.
Daniel Finnegan: I wouldn’t necessarily assume that Stephen. So the amount that we pay is subject to what the tax authorities ask us to pay. The growth in the amount certainly is because the business is growing and the tax liability for the year will grow but you can’t -- it's not that clear-cut that you can draw that relationship.
