Daniel J. Finnegan: The couple of things I called out in the prepared remarks, Perry, were, in particular, the comp that we had to prior year, where we had really high growth rates and the steps that we're taking in performance marketing to optimize ROIs. So I think that that will be with us for the coming quarters until we lap it. But I wouldn't call it structural. And fundamentally, the travel market feels healthy. You see the results reported by the big hotel chains and our competitors. It feels pretty strong to us. The things that have driven our growth in the past, rapidly adding properties to the platform, that continues. And I'm confident that our teams will continue to execute very effectively in adding properties going forward, continuing to improve the experience for our customers on our platforms, which drives better conversion and loyalty over time, and then also continue to effectively advertise our brands to bring new customers to the franchise going forward. So nothing structural from our perspective.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Okay, Mark. This is Dan. I'll take that one. So, yeah, we said that as we proceeded through the quarter, we experimented with ways to better optimize our performance marketing spend. And I'd say, relative to our guidance that probably had a modest negative impact on top line growth and had a favorable impact on our performance marketing efficiency and bottom line profitability. That said, we're still pretty pleased with the growth that our teams were able to deliver with the marketing mix that they employed. And so we like the results that we saw in Q3.
Daniel J. Finnegan: I'd just say that over time, driving customers to come to us directly should have a nice beneficial impact on overall advertising efficiency. We'll reach some point in time where we're in the markets we want to be with brand advertising and we're spending the level of spend we think that's right to get the reach and frequency that we want. And so we should be able to have good leverage in the longer term once we get to that optimal level of spend.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Deepak, in terms of the U.S. trend over the last several quarters, we're very pleased with the performance of Booking.com in the U.S. We believe booking is growing its share in the U.S., posting very healthy growth rates over the last several quarters. So that's for the U.S. We've seen improving performance for the Priceline.com business, which is a nice plus, too, as that's a U.S.-centric brand. And then, in terms of brand trends, our forecasts are done the way we do it every quarter, which is look at the actual results we've seen thus far in the quarter and trend off of that generally assuming that we'll see some deceleration as we proceed through the remainder of the quarter, given the size of the business and the long-term trends. So we didn't build in anything specific related to the advertising spend that's planned for the quarter. Our experience has been as we've done many years of TV advertising for Priceline and for KAYAK, and we've been active in TV advertising for Booking.com since 2013, it's a slower build – a slower return on investment typically for that spend. We are doing a better job and improving our capability to measure effectiveness of the advertising, but that doesn't mean it's positive ROI day one. So we think it's going to be the right thing to do for the long term. But in the short term, it's probably going to pressure margins and not deliver the same kind of pop to top line growth the way intent-based advertising would.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And in terms of penetration, Brian, we've made the comment before that we've got a mid-single-digit share of the properties that are available on our website. That's a broad statement of all the properties. But we've been very pleased with our vacation rental business. It's been a fast-growing business for us, growing faster than our consolidated growth rate. So you can assume that the performance there is good and that the penetration opportunity also exists there.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Regarding the size of the vacation rental business, we haven't disclosed those stats. You can see the growth in the property count. And you can assume that we wouldn't be doing that if that wasn't growing fast for us. We've said that it's growing faster than the consolidated growth rate. So it's an important – it's a meaningful part of our business, but we aren't going to disclose exactly how big it is today.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And when you talk merchant commissions, Jed, I assume that you're just looking merchant gross profit divided by merchant gross booking.
Daniel J. Finnegan: That's a function of timing, really. The fundamental take rates are stable, but we've got decelerating top line growth, meaning gross bookings growth have the benefit of checkout still occurring from prior faster-growing quarters, and so that's what you're seeing there.
Daniel J. Finnegan: I agree. There's nothing that was called out in the chain reports for the quarter that would lead me to believe that anything has changed significantly there. And I'm with Glenn, I think the growth that we posted and the growth that we're guiding to is spectacular relative to the fundamental growth of the market.
Daniel J. Finnegan: The new alternative accommodation business is somewhat less profitable from a partner services perspective. So there are less rooms for property, a lot of properties still to go and gather, and then, typically, requiring a little bit more help in working with our service because they're less sophisticated than the hotel properties that we had initially worked with. From a customer service perspective, too, a little bit more hands-on touch with customers given the unique nature of these properties. That said, the profitability of our vacation rental business is still very impressive, growing fast. We're making investments now, partly in the teams that are facing properties and facing our customers, to make sure we can stay up with the growth. But we're also making significant investments on the IT side. So we're adding teams of people under our booking home umbrella, and they're focused on improving the experience with property owners, including individual property owners that are putting their apartment or home up for rent, to make it a more intuitive experience, easier for them to self-signup and improve efficiency that way. And then, also on the customer service side, improve the experience on the website, there's a number of reasons why people contact our customer service teams asking questions. And as we see what's driving those contacts, looking to improve the amount of information that's available for the customer to serve themselves on the website, answer that question before they ask it. Glenn talked about the use of machine learning. Hopefully, we can bring that to bear also to just automate some of these processes. So I don't know that it will ever be as profitable as our core hotel business from the perspective of partner services or customer service. But I think there is the opportunity to improve the profitability there and to see better trends over time as the business scales.
Daniel J. Finnegan: In terms of exclusivity, that's not something we typically strive for. We want to win our partners' loyalty by bringing them demand at a reasonable price rather than some sort of contractual block-out of other demand platforms.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Then in metasearch, Michael, we're really pleased with the performance of our KAYAK business. It's growing nicely. It's one of the bigger players out there on meta side. And I'd say, it's – if you want to talk market share of profits, it's right near the top of the list. So very profitable business, growing. I think run very responsibly by Steve Hafner and his team. And we're excited about the prospects of bringing Momondo and KAYAK together and sharing best practices from brand to brand and having the teams work together to make both brands stronger in the future.
Glenn D. Fogel: Hi, Brian. It's Glenn. So I'll take the branded campaign. So I think you may recall, back in July, at the last earnings call, we talked a bit about why we've increased our direct business for the long run and we set a strategic objective for us. And one way we do this is by increasing brand advertising. That's what we're doing. We continue to look at performance marketing. We judge is that helping or hurting, supporting or hindering the goal of increasing that direct bookings in the long run. So one of the things that we recognize in looking at all the other companies in our space and other industries and such is how important it is to get that one-to-one direct relationship. And that's what brand advertising can really do. So that's why we're pushing there. Regarding, Meituan, China is a large and important market for us. Our Asia-based subsidiary, Agoda, had a commercial relationship with Meituan for some time, and we were asked to participate in the $4 billion financing round. And that was led by Tencent. Tencent is a major backer of Meituan. As you know, it's one of the premier digital companies in the world. And along with Tencent, it was a list of super blue-chip financial investors, some of whom are investors in us in The Priceline Group. So when we were asked to participate in that, we thought that was a good use of our $450 million investment, and it's appropriate use for our shareholders' offshore cash. So we went and did it. I think it's going to be a good investment for our company.
Glenn D. Fogel: Hi, Mark. It's Glenn. So hurricanes, I think we really didn't see a material impact on hurricanes that we could determine. Of course, it's very hard to prove the counterfactual. If there had been no storms, what would the numbers have been? I don't know, but we don't see anything that's obvious. Two, regarding the social marketing, that certainly is something that is very, very important for us to get our handle on going forward, because in other parts of the world – when I say other parts of the world, I mean the non-U.S., particularly Asia, the social marketing is becoming more and more important. And we recognize that it's – well, nascent. We need to be on top of it, which is why we're making investments so that we can learn and be able to do things there, but it is a relatively small – very small portion of our advertising right now. But we recognize that in the future, it could become much bigger, particularly, in the Asian markets. And the last thing was about advertising as such, so a couple things on that. One, certainly, we don't want to be giving away the playbook to our competitors on what's going on. But I'll speak generically that, over the last few years, the ability to measure the impact of marketing has increased substantially, particularly as you test things digitally and see is this something that's working or something that's not working, being able to modify quickly and come out with a new spot, is that better or worse. So given that improvement, we are feeling more confident in being able to put money to work in those channels and be more hopeful that we'll be able to know whether or not that money is working quickly or not. It's a very old, old saying, a tribute to Wanamaker about – I know half my advertising is wasted, but I just don't know which half. Certainly, still, there is no doubt still some truth to that, but we're getting more science than there used to be, so that's hopeful.
Glenn D. Fogel: I can't really comment on Expedia. I'll simply talk about us. And I think Dan mentioned a bunch of the reasons when we look at Q4 versus Q4 last year about what our growth rate is and he gave those factors, and I won't repeat them. In terms of projections beyond this quarter, again, we think that what we're doing is the right thing for the value of the franchise long term, and that's why we're doing it.
Glenn D. Fogel: I'll take the second one first because it's an easy one. Again, I don't want to give away to the competitors where we're going to spend and how much we're going to spend, et cetera. So I'm not going to talk about that in any detail. Regarding the first question, repeat it, please.
Glenn D. Fogel: KAYAK and Momondo I think are great franchises right now. Primarily, right now, they're spending a lot of time on the air side. That's where they're really doing a lot more of the focus. They have great technologies that are enabling customers to get great products, a great decision on how to achieve their air tickets going down. And I think that one of the things I think that Steve Hafner runs it, he completely understands the concept of being a partner with the advertiser. It's working with them to do what's best for both sides. So I think that there could be some more opportunities other people aren't wiling to do that. I think that working with your people or paying the money is a great way to help develop a win-win partnership. And I think Steve understands that greatly.
Glenn D. Fogel: It's Glenn speaking. So in terms of measurements, we do believe, over the years, measurement capability has increased. We've seen the tools that have been developed, and we've seen the results. And we're not saying any of this is perfect by any measure. And there is debate among how effective are these tools or not, but we think it's better than it used to be, which is one of the things that's giving us more confidence to spend more money in this area, one. Two, we also believe that there is a symbiotic relationship between your spend on brand and your spend on performance. People become more aware of your product. People know who you are. And you do any sort of awareness testing of a brand when people recognize it, they may be more likely to actually book with you even if they clicked on a PPC ad, they'll be more likely to go with us than to go back and check someone else. So we think there is value. And in terms of the mobile, yeah, we – I'm not one of those who ever thought that because of mobile that there'd be less clicking around, so to speak.
Glenn D. Fogel: Okay. It's Glenn speaking again. I haven't seen much of a change from the last time we talked about this. There is still discounting. It is still prevalent. It is still a very, very competitive market in Asia, ex-China or in China. It's one of the most competitive markets in the world. And we have to continue to be mindful that if we don't get the best price, we may not get the booking.
Glenn D. Fogel: Hi, Brian. So just to make sure we're on the same page here, you know that 1.5 million, that's our entire inventory. That's everything. It's both our core and our (39:03). So how do I feel about it? I feel that we will continue to invest to make it better and broader. And look, I'm not naïve. I recognize we are not the leader in this space right now. We are the leader overall for accommodations of all types of properties, but there is a competitor who is a little bit bigger and doing a little bit better, I suspect, than we are in this area. And that's why we're going to invest money. Because we believe we have the technology. We believe that we have the people. And we believe that we will be able to create the experience that makes people want to come to our site and be able to get the best accommodation that fits what they need. And I'll give you the perfect example is what I did over the summer, which is I was going to Iceland with my family. I went to our site. I saw that we had some vacation rentals in Iceland, and we had core regular hotel stuff on the same page. It was great for me. But the thing I didn't like is it wasn't enough properties. I wanted more properties – the vacation rental-type. And I want to have a breadth of different kinds of properties. So that's something that we're spending money on. That's part of the reason that we've got a little bit of pressure on the OpEx. I talked about that and Dan talked about, and that's what we're going to do. Because we think, in the long run, because there's just such an incredible opportunity there that it'd be foolish for us not to put money to work right now to get that advantage.
Glenn D. Fogel: So I'll take the first part about that in terms of what should we charge in terms of the service that we're delivering to the hosts or the owners of these properties. And the fact is that that's a market decision. You can go and tell what you want to charge, but if you don't have the right price, you're not going to have a lot of inventory. So that is market-driven. And sometimes, in order to build business, you may even underprice something in order to build a breadth of inventory. This is something that we are going to continue to evaluate as we build out the business. But one of the other things we're investing is technology to be able to make that bringing on properties, holistics, all those elements that are costly, to try and reduce the cost using technology. And then also, as I mentioned about the higher customer contacts that are that type of property, again, technology can help us in that area too. So these are investments we're making now that hopefully down the road will reduce the overall cost per unit and help us get some more of that leveraging versus the deleveraging that we're experiencing right now. And, Dan, regarding the question...
Glenn D. Fogel: It's Glenn. And I'll let Dan fill in his thoughts on this. One thing I think is very important to recognize that while we are a single-digit percentage share of the market, we're a big business now. And as one finds in large numbers, that growth rates naturally slow down or decline. Compared to the overall growth of the travel business, we are still growing a much bigger number than the overall travel growth rates, so we are still growing relatively much faster. So I don't see any picture like where-did-it-go type. That's not even occurring to me. Dan, do you want to take...
Glenn D. Fogel: I'll do the IT, and Dan can talk about the alternative accommodation thing. So it's interesting because, in our business, technology really has been the key from the very beginning. And so it's different levels of technology and what new types of IT, what new types of technology are coming into play. So will these new things of artificial intelligence be, A), incredible quantum leap, so to speak, or is it incremental innovation? And it's hard to say right now. But what we do know is that, if you don't try, you won't have it. And if it does become that, let's call it, a quantum leap in the way things are done, then you will completely miss out. And that's the importance of investing it now. And we're seeing some of it. Look, we know some of it – we're going to get incremental innovation right off the bat. Customer service is one of the first areas where we're applying this right now, because we hope to be able to lower that customer service cost per unit transaction. Right away there's benefit there. And as I think I mentioned, the booking assist product, which is in beta right now, but is enabling a customer to be able to much more efficiently do a self-service-type customer service issue than in the past when you had to use a human being. So I think we're looking for both. At the worst case, we end up with just lower cost per unit. At the top end, we come up with something that is much more effective. And as I point out, we have the scale and the capital and the people to be able to do these type of things, so it may give us a great competitive edge down the road. And, Dan, you want to talk about alternative...
Glenn D. Fogel: So, Michael, I'll just talk a little bit about technologies here, not just AI, because I think that it's – I think it's a better sense to just see technology in general. So using technology, and whether it be AI or any other facet of technology, the idea is to provide a better experience for the customer and for our partners, too, because we're using it both ways. Because, at the end of the day, is to produce a loyal customer who's willing to – who wants to come back to us because we're giving them the best experience. So using all this technology, if we can come up and provide a search result for them that is more personalized and exactly what they need or, for example, we provide better photos that actually helps them make a decision better, all different facets of the process from the time you first come to our site to the time you're actually at your hotel. We'll do everything possible to make it better. That's what we're driving for. And I'm not going to get into details on which things or what or what we're going to spend the most money on, et cetera. I'll just make the point that scale matters and having some great technologies is something that gives us a competitive advantage. And we feel fairly confident that we'll be able to continue to develop all areas of our business to make it a better experience for the customers and make it easier for people to come to us. And Dan, the...
Glenn D. Fogel: Hi. It's Glenn. Since I'm not telling you which countries we're going to be going to, it's not very helpful to say which countries have more or less competition and how effective they are or not. I will simply say that, as we talked about before, is that we are glad that we have developed tools over the last few years that we think will give us a better measurement. So we'll know whether or not we're making the right decision in terms of how we're investing in those channels. And, Dan, the second part.
Glenn D. Fogel: We don't call out any individual partner advertising platform at all. So I'm not going to speak specifically about trivago. I think what I said earlier is really the way to look at this that we are always looking and evaluating in a holistic way where we're going to spend our marketing money and what's it going to do for us in the near term, what's it going to do for us in the long run. And that's how we make a decision on how much money we're going to spend, what kind of bids we're going to make, where we're going to make bids, where we're not going to make bids. And as I mentioned earlier – and this is so important. It's a dynamic market, because we have other players in there, other bidders in the space, on top of the advertising platform that's making changes, putting in all different things there. So again, very hard to say the impact of all these different movements. And even more so is trying to predict what the changes will be down the road.
Glenn D. Fogel: So I'm not going to actually speak specifically again, saying is it broad, is it narrow. Because we don't want to start calling out individual platforms. I think we said earlier about how in the previous earnings call, we made the point how important it is to build our business based on improving the direct relationship. And we believe that it's important to evaluate all of our channels. Is that driving us towards that goal, or is that hurting our goal? And that's the basic where we make those decisions. And that's it. It's nothing more complicated than that.
