Daniel J. Finnegan: Okay, Justin. So yes, room night performance was strong in the quarter. I said it was strong across all of our key geographic regions. I'd say it was broadly strong across all our demand channels too, so there's nothing I could call out in particular for you there and it was broad-based strength, the macro environment feels relatively healthy for us. That same story has continued thus far in Q4. We assume that we'll decelerate from here on out I think to a lesser extent than typical for November because we have the comp against the Paris terrorist attacks into a greater extent than usual for the month of December given the difficult comp that we had in the prior year. And then the ROI is better than the forecast. I think you can get a sense for the split between how much of the margin pressure is driven by the acceleration in the business relative to ROI pressure by looking at the growth and performance advertising relative to our gross bookings growth and then the disconnect there would give you an indication of ROI pressure and then the remainder, the performance advertising relative to gross profit is due to book versus day time lag.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And then with respect to capital structure, I think the answer is similar to our answer to what we've done, I think we've established now a pretty good track record of consistently buying back our stock. We have an authorization in place, and I don't see any reason at this point in time that that would change dramatically from what we've done in the past.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Hey, Chris. It's been a nice driver of our growth for several years now. It has been a big area of growth in our property count, and it's an area where we continue to add properties and we look to for the future as well. We've made initiatives through #BookingHome, where we're trying to make it an easier proposition for a homeowner to participate in the platform. So I think our ability to signup individual homeowners, apartment owners, and let them present their supply on our platform where we can bring great demand to them at a reasonable price, will only grow over time. So it is a big opportunity. I mean, the number of non-hotel accommodations out there is huge compared to the number of properties we have signed currently. And so I think it's going to be a continued area of growth for us in the future.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So some of those new channels you talked about, Eric. Facebook, we continue to experiment with them. They're still in the pretty stages of trying to find the best way to work with us to put ads in front of their customers at a time when they're interested in seeing them. So we're doing some retargeting there through dynamic ads. It's still early days. It's still relatively small but it's growing nicely and we're going to continue to work with Facebook and we'd love to spend more money with them at a reasonable ROI. In terms of Trip and Instant Book, no update really from what we've told you on prior calls. We're happy to be participating in that channel. We think it gives us good brand advertising, particularly in the U.S. for Booking.com as we continue to look to grow the brand here. But the overall impact of Instant Book on our growth and our ad efficiency has not been significant. And then Google is continuously experimenting and iterating with different ways of answering travel queries for their customers and we work closely with them. They've been a great partner for us. We'll continue to work with them as they add new channels in the future, new ad placements, and look for ways that it will work for us and for them. To-date, it's mostly been about them trying to give their customer a better experience and give us and other OTAs a more qualified lead. And they've had some success with that. When we get a more qualified lead, it converts better and so we're able to pay more. And so I think that they're going to continue to experiment in the future and with our position as being one of their leading customers, we get good access to them during the experiment stage, typically, so that we can help work with them to make sure that the offering is going to be most successful for them and for us.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So, the uptake on that Kevin has been strong. It's a great offering for Booking.com loyal users, special discounts that aren't widely available to people that haven't qualified for the Genius program. And the discounts are made available by hotels that want to get access to those high-frequency travelers and Booking.com's most loyal users, and get the opportunity to market to those travelers and get them to become loyal customers for their hotels as well. So it's a share between the hotel and booking in terms of the cost of the discount. The lower rate would result in a lower absolute commission for us when you apply our commission rate to the discounted price.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yes, so some of those markets, Naved, France has bounced back but continues to be impacted since the terrorist attacks last year. We'll be lapping that now in November and so that will create an easier comp for us in terms of ADRs and growth going forward. Turkey's also negatively impacted but bouncing back a little bit. China outbound is still growing nicely but has slowed a little bit over the last couple of quarters. So I think that's more tied to macroeconomic conditions there than anything with our business.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Sure, Tom. So I said it was about 41 bps of pressure we saw in the quarter. About half of that was due to the normal lag between the time when a booking occurs and travel occurs. We had accelerating growth in the quarter, so that would typically put more pressure on that metric. And then we have seen pretty steady expansion in our booking window, so there's been somewhat of a barbelling. You're right that close-in bookings have been very strong, and that's been driven to a large degree by mobile. But we've also seen an expansion in booking window, so people also are comfortable making their bookings farther in advance than they have in the past. That could be just a function of people continuing to get comfortable with our model, particularly the agency model for Booking.com and the flexibility that gives them in terms of making the booking, having their vacation secure, and then if they need to change their plans they're able to do that. The other drivers that put some pressure on the take rate in the quarter, I referenced the level of participation by hotels in preferred placement and commission overrides. That's a function of experiments that we run from time to time to work with sort order and see if we remove hotels from preferred placement that maybe aren't converting as well. Is that going to be a net positive experiment for us? It's not necessarily going to be a trend long term. And then commission overrides, the expensive hotels participate in that is generally driven by the lower levels of occupancy and their desire to push up their commission rates in order to drive more demand. I also mentioned business mix, so just the mix of properties and regions that are propelling our business, and we saw that to an extent was with lower commission regions and properties and put some pressure on the metric as well.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So BookingSuite, Ken, is still in the pretty early stages. We're excited about the opportunity. We've got a great team working on it day-in and day-out, but it's still in investment stage, still in the early stage, so not a lot to say there. And we're not going to comment on ROIs by any channel, so nothing I would call out for you there. Certainly, the actual results that we reported in Q3 and the guidance we're giving for Q4 point to more pressure than pockets of strength.
Jeffery H. Boyd: We haven't seen, Justin, much of a change in that situation since we reported last quarter. I think the statements coming from the chains have been consistent and we haven't seen anything in the marketplace to indicate a change in the general dynamics associated with that.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Agoda's had a long-term goal and objective to try to increase the amount of direct business and you've seen across other of our brands, for example, a push to spend money on brand advertising in addition to PPC and I think that's consistent with that objective that's reflected in Agoda's results. I wouldn't say that there's some macro trend in that regard that you should expect to see reflected in the entire business. And keep in mind that Agoda, being in the Asia-Pacific market, that's a market where mobile is growing particularly fast and the mobile experience in many of those markets is much more driven by your success in getting customers to download apps, and obviously once you've got an app download, you've got direct business. Booking.com is doing well in the United States. They've been in this market for years now. They've built a competitive inventory set. And while in the early days, the business was more characterized by inbound international travel. They are doing a good job building the business from U.S. customers' booking accommodations for purely domestic travel. And I think we've said in the past that based on the best information available to us, we think that Booking.com is gaining share of the market here in the United States for U.S. bookers and domestic travel and we still believe that to be the case.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Heath, I don't think we have undertaken ever to project where that long-term relationship between performance-based advertising and gross profit dollars will ultimately shake out. We've been forecasting and experiencing modest deleverage on that line as a fairly long-term trend, but I think the performance of the business has shown that we're doing generally a better job than our competition of managing those trade-offs and able to drive share, gaining organic growth in the business on the one hand, and better overall operating margins on the other. So we don't want to put our brands in a position where they have to make some pre-determined ROI decision and not be able to respond with flexibility to market conditions, as Dan mentioned in his prepared remarks.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So, I think, we've had a consistent – as I mentioned earlier, Brian, a consistent goal of trying to build our direct business, and I think for Booking.com in particular, which is our largest business, and is very active and effective in advertising in paid channels. The relationship between the share of direct and share of paid is driven by a couple of different things and while one of those is our success in building direct business through brand advertising, through direct business from repeat customers who are loyal to our brands and in mobile channels, to the degree, we can drive app downloads and app usage. But on the other side, the other factors are the relative attractiveness of the paid channels with which we do business, and I think it's our view that if we can drive business in an attractive ROI whether it's through paid search, through meta-search channels, through partnerships which is something that we've worked hard and gotten some good results on, we'll absolutely do that. And the opportunity in the paid market has been attractive. So I don't think we view there has been a sea change in either our goals around this, or an abrupt change in mix shift. I think we mentioned with respect to Agoda that they had a good quarter of driving growth in their direct channels, but I don't think you all should extrapolate that that's representative of some very significant change in how we look at or operate the business.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Sure, Doug, so a couple of things that I would mention for KAYAK. First is they have great velocity in just the day-in and day-out front-end testing user experience. They run a lot of experiments, and some of those experiments represent what might look on its face to be a trivial change to the way something is presented or the way a particular call-to-action button is identified. But the sum total of all those experiments and the ones that make their way to deployment on the website drive conversion, drive growth, and can drive improvements to monetization. So those are very, very important, they take up substantial development efforts, and it's a big part of not only what KAYAK does but what all of our brands do. I think some of the more interesting things that KAYAK has been working on are around artificial intelligence, natural language processing with Alexa, Facebook Messenger trying to be able to respond to a customer's spoken query, which is at its early stages now. It's not generating a ton of business, but I do believe it's at the front end of some pretty important changes in the Internet in general and the way people interact with technology. And KAYAK is doing a very good job of being out in the front of that. In terms of the CEO search, there's no particular update to report today other than to say it continues apace with our board committee, who is working on it and I think making progress. And when we have an announcement, you guys will be the first to know.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Sure, Lloyd. So I think with respect to the partnership business, and I'd make this answer for all of our brands. We definitely are interested in affiliate relationships where the affiliate has a brand-independent content, a reason for customers to go to their site independent of purely hotel booking, and I think those partnerships are bringing growing business to the group. I don't have a particular number to associate with their contribution. But if we can make the right kind of deals, if we can have partnerships that allow us to show our brand to consumers and have them experience the product, we like them. And I think we're in a very strong position to compete for that business in many markets because of the comprehensiveness of our inventory and the quality of our technology and customer experience. With respect to Booking for Business, Booking for Business is off to a good start. It's still a relatively new initiative. I'm not in a position to give you a number as to the specific contribution of the business to our total growth. I can say that business travelers represent a reasonable amount of the business we have on Booking.com and are generally participating in the overall growth of that business. That's distinct from businesses, companies that are actually signing up for and using the Booking for Business tools. That represents a smaller amount of business today but it's growing nicely. And I think we have a very attractive product for business users, and I expect that to do good things in the future. We're quite optimistic about it. I don't think that Booking.com or any of our other brands are at a point of diminishing marginal returns from front-end experimentation and innovation. And when you think about it, because the technology that surrounds us and that we employ in our business and that we interact with our partners is constantly changing, that means that the opportunity and the need for innovation is constantly there. So we could have thought that we were potentially running into diminishing returns in desktop, and then a new technology comes up that allows you to show additional database returns without leaving the page, which just created a massive opportunity for our engineers and product people to code great innovation and things that help the customer while they're in the shopping process. It's one very small example of a change in technology that happened several years ago that was a very significant game-changer in terms of the things that you could do on a desktop website. And there's just more and more of those happening on all the platforms that we interact with. So I don't see there ever being a time when the opportunity and also, quite frankly, the need to innovate on the front end is marginalized because of these changing technologies. I hope that's helpful.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Sure, Peter. I think the numbers that we've been reporting for the last couple of quarters are showing that the group is doing well, our brands are doing well in participating in the migration of the business to mobile. And I think in some markets, particularly in the developing markets, it's not per se a migration, it's more that the business is developing initially as a mobile business because for many users in those markets the mobile devices their primarily or their only access to the Internet. And so, for example, you mentioned app usage, in some markets, and particularly in Asia-Pacific, access through downloading of apps is a much more important factor than it is in other more developed markets where apps can tend to represent a relatively smaller percentage of overall business. I think that our brands have done a good job building world-class mobile user experiences. I think that we've found ways to experiment on those platforms and in those operating systems which have allowed us to continue to improve the user experience. I think we've been able to take the expertise that we've had in performance marketing in non-mobile channels and, over time, build up that same kind of expertise in mobile channels so that we're able to gain share of business coming in paid channels, and our scale is obviously a big help in that regard because we have the most comprehensive inventory and great conversion so that allows us to compete aggressively for placement in mobile advertising venues. So, the mobile business continues to grow and to grow as a share of the total business. I think, over time, it becomes a more mainstream channel than perhaps it was in the early days of mobile where it was a venue for discounting, and for a special way of looking at the business now. In many regards, it really is a mobile-first world and the product view that you have really starts off with a mobile view. I think our brands are doing a good job in that regard and I think you all should realize that that's absolutely a first priority for us in terms of how we look at the world from both a development perspective and from a marketing perspective.
Jeffery H. Boyd: With respect to the organic, again, I think you can see in our results that we've had a good quarter and so I think it's safe to assume from that that whatever changes they made in organic have not had a substantial effect on the momentum for our growth. I'm sorry but I didn't catch the first one.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Sorry. The fourth paid link. Excuse me. So typically because we are more active in the pay channels, the existence of an additional link I would generally view as a positive for us rather than a negative.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So with respect to television being crowded and it certainly has been with election season advertising, but by the time you get to this time of year, it's because you're passing peak travel season. We're not really in the peak season for running television advertising in the United States anyway. And our brand advertising, and I think you can see it in the numbers, has not grown the way you may have seen it grow last year in particular and maybe the earlier part of this year. So the spending has come down a little bit, and in part that's probably because of some of that crowding. With respect to the decline in airline tickets, I think that's a priceline.com metric, and it's driven over the long term by a general deterioration in the economics that are available to an online travel agent for selling an airline ticket, which means it gets less marketing support in general. And in the short term, as part of the efforts by Priceline to reorient the business here for better, sustainable long-term positioning, there's been a further diminishing of investment in performance-based marketing, in particular for airline tickets. So I think those are probably the two principal drivers of that trend.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So on the second question, we typically wouldn't comment on what we were looking for from a strategic perspective. I think we continue to believe that the relationship that our brands are building with their traveling customers can provide an opportunity for us to offer value to them while they're in destination. And you may have seen a release about Booking.com experiences in a few cities where they're testing a program to provide access to attractions, and so forth, to their customers. And from our perspective, that provides a real opportunity to build a deeper relationship with the customer if they're interacting with your product while they're traveling, while they're in destination. And because we have that connection and the data around their travel; where they're going, when they're going, et cetera, in many cases the customer's traveling with one of our apps on their mobile device. We continue to be very, very interested in that opportunity. I think specifically with respect to Open Table, we also remain convinced that that logic applies to dining and that travelers are all dining when they're on their trip, and that we've got an opportunity to provide content reservation making ability to those travelers. But we have an appreciation of the challenges inherent in doing that, and I think that those learnings will definitely inform us with respect to future acquisitions, but I don't think they're necessarily going to discourage us from considering them, or ultimately doing them. But we do have a better appreciation of the challenges of making those connections with our existing brands.
