Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to a Booking Holdings’ first quarter conference call. I’m joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. We produced a solid quarter with 217 million worldwide room nights booked, which is up 10% year-over-year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range. As we discussed on our last call, the timing of Easter and foreign exchange rate movements meaningfully impacted our U.S. dollar financial results this quarter. Our year-over-year non-GAAP revenue growth was down slightly in U.S. dollars but up 6% on a constant currency basis and up about 8% when further adjusting for Easter. Adjusted EBITDA declined year-over-year by 10%, but increased about 6% when adjusting for FX and Easter, which was above the high end of our guidance range for the quarter. We are pleased with our results for the quarter, and we continue to see encouraging metrics in our business. Our direct channel is growing faster than our paid channels. Our mobile share is increasing, and our alternative accommodation business is growing faster than our overall business. As we continue to execute against a very large market opportunity, we will look to drive shareholder returns through the combination of organic growth investment, share repurchases, and opportunistic M&A. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we are investing to support the growth in our core accommodation business, primarily through brand marketing, merchandising, and customer acquisition programs. These investments are aimed at driving long-term top-line growth and share gains. We are on target with the launch of our new brand campaigns. And while it's early, we have confidence that they will increase our brand awareness over time. We're also pleased with the early results of some of our merchandising and customer acquisition programs and look to expand these as we move into our busy travel season. Our branding goals include driving greater awareness of our alternative accommodation to listings, as we continue to expand and improve our offering here. We were pleased to announce during the quarter that Booking.com passed the milestone of three quarters of 1 billion guest stays in its alternative accommodations since 2007. And as of March 31, Booking.com had approximately 5.8 million reported listings in alternative accommodations, which grew approximately 13% year-over-year. More importantly, our individually owned properties represent the fastest category of supply and booked room night growth. This is a key area of our focus for us as we look to provide the broadest possible selection of unique places to stay, which helps drive conversion benefits across our platform. We will continue to utilize M&A and strategic investments to accelerate key growth opportunities. For example, FareHarbor has enabled us to accelerate our growth in the attractions market and has given us key capabilities to build a truly connected trip, where we envision a frictionless customer experience that we believe will enhance loyalty in our accommodations offering. Our strategic investments in China and broader Asia, accompanied with local marketing partnerships, will continue to help us expand in these key underpenetrated markets, where we believe we can have long-term growth. Finally, in terms of share repurchases, we completed the remaining portion of our $10 billion share repurchase program, buying approximately $4.5 billion to date in 2019. Consistent with our historical approach to share repurchases, we took advantage of the opportunity to invest in our owned stock during the quarter. This year alone, we have purchased 5% of our fully diluted shares. Additionally, our Board of Directors approved a new $15 billion repurchase authorization that we will look to execute over the next two to three years, assuming stable business and market conditions. David will provide some more color in his prepared remarks. But this new authorization reflects our strong financial position, our high cash flow generation, and demonstrate our confidence in the future of the business. In conclusion, we had a solid quarter as our team remains in full execution mode. We'll continue to drive long-term shareholder returns through a combination of organic investment, share repurchases and opportunistic M&A. As you can see, we are actively pulling on all three of these levers. We remain absolutely focused on the large global opportunity that lies ahead of us, and we’ll manage our business with a long-term view to capture it. I'll now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden for the financial review. 
Glenn Fogel: So, we did call out previously about how important we think it is to have the breadth of all types of alternative accommodations. And we marked that in our portfolio, we felt an area we need to grow more was the single property owners. And I'm pleased to say, we continue to make progress there, we continue to grow that very fast, but it’s still a smaller portion of the overall portfolio of alternative accommodations. So, there's room to grow there. In regard to brand, we are pleased with the early, early part of our rolling out the campaigns. And I think in any type of new campaign you need to have some time before you declare victory or not. So, we will say just that it's early, and so far, so good.
Glenn Fogel: I don't think we break that out like that. But we've always said how Europe is a bigger portion of our overall business than any other part of the world. And we have pointed out in the past in terms of awareness, that if you went to somebody on the street and said, where can I get a home in the U.S., they probably would not go to Booking.com, but if you're walking in the capital city in Europe, a much higher likelihood that they would say Booking.com.
Glenn Fogel: And in terms of opportunistic M&A, as you know, we wouldn't talk about any specific targets or anything of that nature. But, we’ve built this company over time by bringing in great teams, great products. And that's what we're going to continue to do. I think the best way to look at this is over the past couple of years of where we've been spending our money, bringing in things that we didn't really have. And I'll just point to our most recent acquisition, which we just closed a couple of days ago, Venga, small acquisition, but it brings in a CRM platform for our OpenTable operation with restaurants. It makes the idea of how we can provide a personalized experience for a consumer, a diner. It makes it much more powerful in terms of the overall restaurant operating system. Now, that is part of our overall strategy of the connected trip. And we talked about this in the past about providing a service, a value to a traveler, there's much more than just going on to a site and booking a hotel. That's what we're trying to do is create all these different things together in a way that provide significantly more value than any single service could do on its own.
Glenn Fogel: Sure, Glenn speaking here. So, as you know, we've been building out the attraction business now for a while. We went out and we bought a company called FareHarbor, which provides a backend solution to enable smaller and medium sized attraction suppliers to go digital and get on board. And we talked in the past about more than 100 cities where you can now get attractions. And the whole idea is to create this frictionless, seamless way for a consumer who is using, say, the Booking.com app, to be able to see all the different things you can do in a city because you don't go to a city just to sit in the hotel room or in the home; you do it to do things. And providing this very easy to you frictionless thing where you're provided with a QR code that enables you just to go up to some type of attraction and go through it either it's quicker, because we're offering up something like a skip the line benefit or it's cheaper, and these are things we can do because of our overall huge demand. We can negotiate with these suppliers and get these kind of benefits for our customers that others may not be able to get. That's the whole idea. Now, in terms of rolling it out, we continue to add more cities and more attractions all the time. And I think, you will be able to go to more cities as we roll it out in the near future.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Brian, it's Glenn. So, we’ve talked about the alternative accommodations, the take rates are not dissimilar from hotels. We have commented though that the cost to us for those type of accommodations can be higher than a hotel. And we talked the reason is, one, you can't spread your costs, account costs or other things in terms of getting people on board, as well as you can’t have hotel, because you only have really one property so to speak, to get somebody in the room. Even more so, we've mentioned that the contacts for the customer in the accommodations area is higher usually than for the hotels night and it’s costlier [ph] too. So, the strategy is always, look, you're in a market, you've got a match up the market. And the more demand you have, the more ability you'll have to get the take rates you want. As you get bigger and bigger, and you learn more about how to do the business, hopefully you can lower -- you can leverage and lower your costs across the accommodations area. Along with more technology, it will also help us, like mentioned in the past, as we continue to develop more technology, particularly in the area of using our natural language processing to provide automated responses to the customers, the Booking.com chatbot works so well right now in English. As we can here develop that will reduce that cost portion of the business. In terms of integrating for OpenTable, you've probably heard me talk about this. And it’s something that I'm very encouraged by. And I'm often frustrated that we haven't tried it yet. But I do see it coming out in future, because I always talk about somebody travels, 100% of them are not going to at home. We need to be able to provide a combined package product, something that we're using all the data we have on our customers to provide them with a better, more effective way to give them value. And it’s not just for the customer who's traveling, we’ve got the customer the restaurant side using our OpenTable platform, it's a marketing platform for those restaurant tours. And be able to do that, because we know who the people are, where they're going. We know their habits. Doing that all together I believe is going to provide a significant benefit for our customers. Another reason to make them more loyal to us, make them to come back, more repeat. How fast is that going to happen? I hope faster than it has in the past and we continue to work with the team. So I think we'll see some stuff coming down the road in not so distant future that is encouraging.
Glenn Fogel: Well, in terms of where we are in the process, we think that it’s every day we think where we want to be in terms of the balance between the different ways we're going to spend in marketing, always looking at what's the ROI, what's the long-term benefit that we're getting, what's the return, the loyalty we're going to get out of these people, looking at the data? Historically, we've always been a company that deals with data and what are we getting out of it? Now, it's harder with the brand marketing, and it’s much harder with a new campaign that comes out and you don't have a lot of response yet. So, we're -- as I mentioned earlier, we're early in that. But, we are -- we absolutely believe that it’s important to continue on the path of building out that brand spend and develop that brand awareness, particularly in the U.S. where we believe we under index, so, that people are more aware of the very good service, very good products that we provide to customers and develop the same type of market share that we've been able to achieve in other areas. That being said, competitors are always making their moves. And it’s -- how I use a word I use all the time, dynamic, these markets are dynamic where there’d paid stuff, where there’d be areas and brand, they're always moving and changing. And you're always looking at what everybody is doing and matching against that. I think we're good where we are right now. I'm pleased with the ROIs. And I think we're going to be fairly steady in the near future.
Glenn Fogel: I’d say, we look at all factors. When we’re doing -- we're spending on any part of our marketing channel, we're always looking at all the data we get back in every way shape or form. And it’s certainly whether or not this is a good spend, not actually, should we spend more, should we spend less, and also what’s the elasticity at that time, but I'm not going to get into the details of any individual thing.
Glenn Fogel: So, I'm going to take the first one. And I’m going to say we don't use words like innings. We're a global company. And baseball is not actually played in much of the world. So, when we talk about it the way you did, I'm going to use football term and we hit the ball. So I’d say, look, it’s still first quarter, first half, depending on which one you're playing, in high school game or you're playing out in a world game. So, definitely first half and maybe the early part of that. There's a lot of things still to be done. And as I said, this is early in terms of getting response. But, I want to commit again that this is an important area we're going to continue to spend. We may have to change things down the road but we're going to go continue to spend.
Glenn Fogel: I'm just going to have to stick to -- it’s sluggish, compared to the last call. Things we've called out in the past seem to be continuing somewhat, Germany and France, the confidence fell. Germany reduced the full-year growth outlook, Brexit. Even though we got off the cliff, it still is something in people's mind. And I think it also hurts confidence in the UK about making decisions. So, I can't say more than we believe it’s sluggish and it's not dissimilar.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So, let me -- so, I’ll talk just about the Agoda payment and I’ll let David talk about payments. So, one thing people may not be aware is that Agoda has an alternate accommodation product too. And unlike Booking where every single property on Booking is instantly bookable, on Agoda in Asia where some of their properties, they're not absolutely instantly bookable. And that is because they're localized in certain areas of Asia where it's important to have some of the product that is not instantly bookable. So, little difference there between the Booking one and the Agoda one. But it's growing nicely, it's much smaller than the Booking.com product, but it is important part, as you probably have seen out in Asia, the growth in the alternative accommodation market is very, very fast. And I’ll let David talk about…
Glenn Fogel: This one is easy, because we said this several times. Our alternative accommodation business continues to grow faster than our core business. So, that's been going on for a very long time and continues to grow on and we're very pleased with the way we're building out that product.
Glenn Fogel: So, we'll go to the second one, loyalty. Well, you’ve certainly seen some of the loyalty stuff. And whether it’d be a genius customer at Booking.com where you're getting significantly reduced prices for hotel, it’s one way to do it, or you're over at OpenTable and you're getting your dining points and you're seeing that. So, both those we love. I'm going to pick one out, it's small and just starting, we’re just experiment it but I like it is the fact that you cannot use those dining points, and you can instead of using just to get a cheaper restaurant meal, you can use those to get a cheaper hotel room. That's what we are referring. And maybe you've actually seen some of the TV ads going out there, there is actually KAYAK is the one doing it with OpenTable. And that's an example where you can do that. Now, we've been experimenting with some other things, different services that we have in these deals, primarily with the ground transportation. We have a company called Rentalcars.com, which is more than just rental cars. Its ground transportation has a lot of good relationships with different types of ground transportation, black cars, ride sharing, et cetera. And we’re experimenting with different ways to package these services and give that better value to the customer. And I don’t want give too much detail obviously, we're rolling this out now in testing et cetera. And I've also -- you see it in the attractions part. I've actually used that where I've actually -- I booked with hotel Booking.com with my app, and then I got my QR code and I got a discount, all sorts of things to do in a particular city. Those are all different ways. And there are lots more that we're doing. And things are standard, like just the point, which is standard royalty. I think it’s much more creative regarding putting together different types of services into one bundle, and all different things like that.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So I just want to say how pleased we were with our solid Q1 results and remain excited about our future as we continue to execute on our long-term growth plans. Thank you very much.
David Goulden: Okay, Lloyd, let me take it in reverse order, so we can remember your first question last. So, relative to Q2 guidance and what we are expecting from a room night point of view. We are -- our April room night growth was actually in line with the high end of our guidance range, to answer your question on deceleration. But that was impacted by a little bit of negative impact from the timing of Easter holiday, so, in line with the high end but with some pressure from the timing of these with that shift. In terms of what have we factored in to our Q2 guidance, our approach hasn't changed. We've obviously looked at the macro; there is some uncertainty out there; Europe continues to be a little sluggish. But, we've taken all those factors into account, and consistent with our private practice that really supports the way we came out with guidance. And then, on your first question on the performance marketing spend, we’re pleased with our share in those channels. Our ROIs were fairly consistent with what we expected them to be. And that kind of drives the leverage that we're seeing in the performance marketing channel.
David Goulden: Obviously, as we go through the year, that's going to increase. Q1, nothing specifically material to talk about. We talked about the fact that those investments will ramp during the year. So, Q1 will be the smallest impact as we go through the year.
David Goulden: Sure. Let me go first on the guidance goal, on the guidance comments. Not to repeat what I said, maybe to put a bit more flavor on it. April was in line with the high end of our guidance range. I mentioned we had a little bit of pressure in April from the timing of Easter. When we look at our guidance for the quarter, we haven't changed our guidance approach. We are looking at a number of things that are happening out in the marketplace, and the macro, there's always some uncertainty out there, but not really kind of lays into our guidance, but again our approach to guidance hasn't changed. So, don’t read anything more into than that.
David Goulden: Kevin, this is David. Let me take that. I think, that's really more due to the timing on room nights, if you think about it, we were speaking to you last at the end of February. And therefore, the [indiscernible] room nights, it was clearly in the month of March. And those room nights came in later during the quarter. Therefore, they have less of an impact in Q1 and a more of an impact in future quarters.
David Goulden: Yes. And Justin, just to kind of drill a little bit more into numbers this year. You've got a couple of things going on. Bear in mind, we didn't guide to the top-line for the year, we did you give some guidance on the bottom-line. But, we do expect to get some additional benefits from our investments as we move throughout the year. That's one of the factors to think about this year, in addition to the longer term factors that Glenn spoke about.
David Goulden: Yes. Well, I think there are a couple things. So, Mark, you asked about the ADRs. I’ll give you bit more color on that. They were down a little bit more than we expected for the quarter. It wasn't really a full form [ph] because that was a fairly important rounding factor. So, it was down less than 1% more than we thought, but there were down for the quarter year-on-year by 2%. And there are two factors that are really almost equal weighting. One was to do with rate and pricing. I wouldn't necessarily say that was rate and pricing pressure that we were creating, just kind of rate and pricing pressure in the marketplace. And the other was geo mix impacts as the some of the higher growth countries or some of the country with the lower ADRs. And then, moving to your question about non-GAAP EPS, constant currency on low-double-digit basis. We clearly are going to get benefit from share account reduction this year. I talked to you about a 10% reduction. That was a Q2 share count reduction. Obviously, we bought very heavily in the first month and that will impact Q2 share count. So, something a little bit less than that for the full year. But bear in mind that we're also making significant investments this year as well. We talked about the fact that investors we’re driving are costing us a few basis points of EBITDA growth rates. So, there are a few different things going on in the income statement this year. But, you need to kind of look at the investments as well as the share account reduction because they both have an upon that growth rate. So, I would say, the good news is here that even though we're making some very significant investments, we're still looking to return low-double-digits and non-GAAP EPS growth constant currency basis in a year when we’re making that that level of spend.
David Goulden: And Glenn, let me just follow up and answer the question on payments. So, let me just recap again what's going on with payments. So, last call, we went through a long explanation on payments in February. And we said we didn't expect any additional reduction in EBITDA growth from payments in 2019. We now expect that this year payments will have a negative impact on EBITDA growth for the year. So what's changed? Nothing's changed in terms of the adoption of payments and the cash flow economics of payments. What’s changed is due to a change in the revenue recognition timing of a component of merchant revenue will not recognize this year. And we expect to start recording some of this revenue again in 2020. So, it's a timing issue of revenue recognition, it doesn't change underlying cash flow economics, it doesn't change the long-term economics. It will impact us in 2019. And that's what's going on.
David Goulden: Not specifically. In terms of the mix impact, which is part of the ADR component, it’s really more a mix impact, it’s impacted by different geographies and where some of the higher growth markets are. Some of the higher ADRs are in the U.S. and Western Europe where -- some of the lower relative growth markets; some of the higher growth markets, places like Asia and country Vietnam have lower ADR. So, that mix impact is a bigger factor than trading up or trading down within a particular local marketplace.
David Goulden: Yes. In terms of payments, the mixed shift that’s going on is driving, and if you just kind of look at year-on-year growth in agency versus merchant booking, that growth has been driven by a mixed shift towards more payments at Booking.com. Both Agoda and Priceline had payment platforms for many years and the mix of payments within their total business isn't dramatically changing. But, as I mentioned, last year, we went from a relatively small percentage a year before to 10% of the TTV, [ph] Booking.com on payments and we expect it to continue to rise this year. We expect it to move meaningfully higher over the next few years as well. But we also continue to believe that our property -- our agency products at Booking.com also remains a very important part of our portfolio. But, the mix shift that you’re seeing and the impact that payments is having as you’re ripping through our income statement is really due to what's happening at Booking.com.
David Goulden: This is David. Let me take that. So, you're right. We basically had a period of time from late 2017, up through Q3 of ‘18, where we had a strategy to explicitly optimize the performance marketing spend or improve ROIs. And you saw some fairly dramatic amounts of leverage as we went through that period of time, for example, Q2 2018 was a great example with over 600 basis points leverage in the performance marketing spend. We essentially lapped the execution of that strategy in Q4 of ‘18. So, from Q4 of ‘18 onwards, it's really been a function of against our now more optimized spend that we feel is the appropriate balance between growth and profitability. What opportunity do we see, how much traffic is being presented to us, where can we find attractive traffic or god ROIs? Our ROI targets from that point of view haven't really changed, the actual ROI themselves, a function what happens in the dynamic marketplaces, the amount of traffic that gets presented to us and where the opportunities are. We always look to try and lean in and find growth in those channels. So we're always pushing for incremental growth those subject to our ROI targets and our ROI returns that we are quite pleased. So, we kind of post the big change in optimization, we’re now into driving more opportunistic efficiency for most channels. And like everybody else, we operate in those channels, where function of how much volume they represent to us and also what the competitive dynamic is in those channels at any point in time.
David Goulden: Well, I'd say this -- our approach to certain channels has been very different from other channels, right? So, for example -- and then, you can see how those channels themselves are in fact responding. Our core search channels are still growing. But we've also experienced declining growth rates with some of those courses of channels as we noted prior. Some of the other channels, some of the major channels and you can look at external results are no longer growing, in fact, quite the opposite way. So, a lot of it is resulting in the dynamic of those channels and the growth opportunities presented to us. Once we lapse our optimization, once we kind of got through our new ROI targets, we really are pushing against growth at those targets. So, we're pushing to -- we are pushing to kind of drive the ROI targets up, if you happen to wind up with our higher ROI during a quarter, it's because the dynamics, what happened within the market. So at this point in time, we are looking to push growth consistent with our ROI target that we feel good about.
