Jeffery Boyd: Thank you very much, and welcome to Priceline's fourth quarter conference call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, Dan will give a detailed financial review and then I will sum up. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the fourth quarter of approximately $3.3 billion, up 44% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $175 million or $3.40 per share, up 71% versus prior year. Fourth quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $3.09 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $22 million for the quarter, up 51% year-over-year. For the full year, Priceline reported gross bookings of $13.6 billion, up 47% from 2009 and non-GAAP net income per share of $13.49, a 58% increase over 2009. Growth rates for our International business decreased slightly during the quarter with 71% gross bookings growth on a local-currency basis. Growth rates benefited from increased ADRs. International gross bookings also benefited from growth in new markets, growth in hotel supply, strong growth from Agoda and inclusion of TravelJigsaw results. Booking.com continued to make impressive strides in building its business, and its worldwide hotel supply platform is now approximately 120,000 hotels in 99 countries. Booking.com's focus on new markets in Asia, South America and North America is paying off with rapidly growing reservations to those destinations and growing demand in those regions for hotels around the world. Booking is making substantial investment in people to promote and manage expansion of its hotel and geographic base, which is evident in the company's growing hotel count and geographic footprint. Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 9% in the fourth quarter due primarily to growth in sales of opaque and retail hotel room night reservations and rental car reservations. Opaque and retail hotel room night booking growth benefited from higher ADRs, and our hotel partners continued to use promotional pricing to drive demand in retail channels and use our opaque services to bolster occupancy. Merchant gross bookings growth of 42% reflects growth in the domestic retail and opaque hotel business and growing contributions from Agoda and TravelJigsaw. Agoda continues to build its business in the Asian region and continues to report impressive year-over-year growth in gross bookings, contributing to the overall International and merchant growth we are reporting. TravelJigsaw delivered solid growth in rental car unit sales in the quarter and is making good progress with platform and website enhancements and other integration steps. The growth in the Group's International hotel business has exceeded our forecast for the last few quarters, and both Booking.com and Agoda are building staff to accommodate this growth. The expense associated with this investment, as well as the payoff in terms of top line growth, are visible in our reported results and forward guidance.  In summary, the business performed well in the fourth quarter, and I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Jeffery Boyd: Thanks, Dan. We are pleased with the performance of our global business in 2010, and in particular, with the progress of our International Hotel business in Asia Pacific and the Americas. Expansion of supply, efficient customer acquisition and brand building and innovation strengthened our International platform and, we believe, have allowed us to achieve high growth rates on a very large business. We will now take your questions.
Jeffery Boyd: I don't think that I expect in the near term to see any broad move away from the merchant model here in the United States. It's very well understood and accepted by consumers. I think hotels see a real benefit from lower levels of cancellation, and it provides a very effective vehicle for promotions and discounting. So I think the merchant model will continue to be relevant and vibrant here in the United States for some time to come. The agency model is another approach that, I think, also has been used in the United States with traditional travel agents for a long time and is attractive to consumers here, especially consumers who value the flexibility and the ease of cancellation it affords. So I think that there's room for that model as well. But I think the merchant model is going to continue to do well also.
Jeffery Boyd: I mean, with respect to the Middle East, there's no question that we're seeing a significant drop in reservations from the countries that are experiencing the civil unrest. Those markets tend to be pretty small markets for our International business, and we've also seen at the same time, some pickup in some other warm-weather destinations. With respect to the civil unrest in Thailand, I think that there will be some easier comps for the business in Thailand. But again, our International Hotel business is very diverse and at any given point in time in the year, there will be things that are either hurting travel like volcanoes and civil unrest or helping travel like the Shanghai Expo or the Olympics, that sort of thing, that on balance, the large size and the global scope of it would tend to mitigate the impact of those sort of regional disruptions.
Jeffery Boyd: I think that the market going forward for airline connectivity will be a mixed market where there'll be some direct connects like the one that we announced with American Airlines but also a very significant flow of ticketing through the GDSs. Even though I don't have a real inside track on product development plans of the GDSs, because they represent such a large and important distribution channel and because they have economies of scale, over time, if there are other products, ancillaries and functionality being made available on direct connect basis, I believe the GDSs have the technology and the will to provide that functionality to their agency customers as well. So I think we'll see a mixed model going forward where some airlines may choose to connect with a large agency through a direct connect. But many other airlines will operate through the GDS, and big travel agents like us will operate with both.
Jeffery Boyd: Ross, in terms of the advertising efficiency, we don't get into a lot of the details behind that. It is driven by the factors you mentioned. So it's how successful we are in getting traffic to come back to our website directly without a click cost. But we've said in the past, we're pleased with the levels of repeat business that we've been able to deliver. With our International business, which is growing at such a rapid pace, you still have a fairly large percentage of new customers coming and mostly through online channels. We do disclose what's going on with ADRs, and ADRs increasing is generally helpful for the unit economics for advertising efficiency, and so that's a positive. We don't talk about click costs just because we're such a big player in a lot of the markets that to indicate whether we'd see click costs going up or down, it can be indicative of what we're doing and that's competitively sensitive.
Jeffery Boyd: And with respect to cross-sales to TravelJigsaw, there definitely is some cross-selling going on among customers of other brands in TravelJigsaw, and it's helping their results. I'm not going to break out the number. It's not huge, but it's definitely helpful and it's something that we hope we're able to build on in the future. We're certainly not optimized in terms of the amount of traffic that all of our brands could potentially send to their rental car platform. So it represents an incremental opportunity as well going forward.
Jeffery Boyd: So with respect to Google's acquisition of ITA, the federal anti-trust review of that acquisition is ongoing. The government has received the input from the industry, and I think it's fair to say if you look at that review and the review by the European community of Google's moving to vertical search in Europe, a lot of the same concerns have been voiced. And I think the regulators had a clear view of what some of the issues are for Google's advertisers, and those issues become serious simply because of the very significant market share that Google has and its ability should it choose to do so to move business away from the product of advertising customers and towards the products that are proprietary to Google. With respect to ITA, there's also a continued concern about whether ITA's pricing platform would be available to other industry participants who could be viewed as competitors of Google in the future. I think that, that review has been very, very fulsome, and I think the industry has done a very good job of raising the questions around it. With respect to International revenue and market share by region, that's just not information that we would share. We give information based on International and domestic, but we have not broken it down by regions. And we haven't broken down market share by regions either, and that's simply for competitive reasons.
Jeffery Boyd: We've said in the past that it's a very important goal of all of our business, and the International business in particular, because it relies on online advertising to build strong brands and to build strong repeat trends, and that's something that our team in Amsterdam has been very, very effective at. We're very pleased with the repeat trends that we see, and you can rest assured that it's a primary focus of the business. There are a lot of different ways that repeat customers can find our brands, and so we have to be attentive to those channels. But I think we have continued to basically build a very strong base of very loyal customers coming back to our websites. And Dan has mentioned in the past, it's one of the reasons that our overall advertising efficiencies have held up so well is because we're getting a lot of customers coming back to the website: loyal, repeat customers. And typically, the cost to get those customers back to the website is a lot less than the cost of bringing in a new customer.
Jeffery Boyd: I think there are a lot of businesses that are spending money investing in Asia and doing well there. It's a massive market: 900 million people, not including China or India. There is, in many cases, high single-digit, double-digit economic growth going on there. The market for travel to Asia, I think, is growing very dramatically if you look at where the hotels are building their hotels. And because of the Internet and because of the increasing International airlift to the region, it's just a very, very robust travel market. So companies have been investing very significantly there for many years, and a lot of those businesses are showing excellent results. Ctrip is doing extremely well in particular for travel, Chinese travelers inside China. I think that our major multinational competitors are spending money there with varying results based on what the public reports are. But my belief is that, that market is so robust and attractive that there'll be room for a lot of businesses to do well there.
Jeffery Boyd: With respect to mobile, the business, while still a small percentage of our total business, has grown very rapidly. And we're very excited about the products that we have out in the mobile markets, and we're very excited to continue to innovate and bring more functionality into the mobile application world and to equally importantly, improve the browsing experience for people that just come to our mobile website. I think a couple of the things that have happened in the marketplace that will probably be interesting, the first is that if you look at the fourth quarter results for the device manufacturers, it's clear that there is a very, very significant increase in sales in mobile devices in the quarter. A lot of that is holiday gifts and so forth. But there just continues to be a very significant increase in the number of devices that are out and activated. And I think that, that's going to be impacted positively by the availability of the iPhone on the Verizon platform, which will create a whole another category of demand. And you're also having non-Apple manufacturers building tablet devices that are getting good reviews, and the Android device has basically, in a very short period of time, grown to be of roughly equal size. So just the significant growth in the number of devices online represents an opportunity for folks like us and for guys that can get good functionality out into the marketplace to participate. With respect to emerging markets, I think that our view is that the mobile platforms will be very, very important, and that it may take a little bit longer for the mobile platforms in those markets to become significant vehicles for commerce. But that over the intermediate time frame, they have the potential to become more important as a share of total e-commerce just because a higher percentage of consumers in emerging markets are likely to have their primary interaction with the Internet over a mobile device versus a fixed desktop computer at their home or in the office. So I think that the potential there, it may take longer to realize, but it actually could potentially be higher than the domestic market share potential.
Jeffery Boyd: Okay. So with respect to the rental car spartan brands, as you call them, there's no question that consolidation in the industry has happened in a real way and that part of the strategy of the major rental car companies is to have a low cost brand associated with a premium brand. I think that over time, that can have an impact on how the large rental car companies allocate inventory to opaque. But I think the more important driver of whether opaque channels have strong inventory is overall fleet capacity, and that's been volatile. And that volatility has been evident in our results, and we expect that volatility to continue. With respect to TravelJigsaw, the growth rates that we're reporting for rental car are driven more by the fact that TravelJigsaw is being included in these quarters for the first time, and there's no year-over-year comp. We're very pleased with the growth we've seen in that business, but we haven't broken it out specifically. And it is not our intention to break it out in the future, but rather to discuss the rental car product broadly speaking internationally and domestically, and that's what you'll see us doing going forward. With respect to Hotwire in Europe, the European market is challenging for opaque hotels because in the United States and especially in large cities, well more than half of the inventory is national brands where star ratings and what you'd expect to see in a hotel are very, very well understood. And in Europe, it's a little bit harder because the hotels are all very different, and it's hard for the consumer to really know what they're getting without actually knowing more details about the hotel. I think that's going to be a challenge for Hotwire, and it's certainly a challenge for us as we try to sell opaque hotels to U.S. customers traveling to Europe. It's something we'll keep our eye on. It probably would have been a stronger supplier proposition two years ago than it is today.
Jeffery Boyd: So with respect to the room night growth versus Expedia's room night growth, I don't recall off the top of my head what their year-over-year growth in room nights was for the fourth quarter. But I certainly don't have the perception that there was any material change in the amount of share that we took in the market versus prior quarters. So I just can't comment specifically on what they might or might have done to change that relationship. With respect to compensation, we've worked very hard to create an environment around the world where the entrepreneurs who founded the businesses that we joined up with have the independence and the scope to continue building their business and have the financial incentive that they'll benefit significantly if the business does well. And that, in fact, has happened. And we're very pleased to see those incentives working to drive value for our shareholders, and it's one of the things that we worked hardest at, and senior management is making sure that, that independence in ownership is enjoyed by the local management teams, but that also everybody understands how all the businesses fit together and see the benefits of working together as a group, which we're down to the benefit of our shareholders over the last four or five years. With respect to bureaucracy, that's just not part of our DNA. We have very little by way of layers of management, and if someone were to criticize the organizational structure of our company, it would be to say that we don't have enough middle management and staff running around the place. So I don't view that as a current risk, although over time, it's a risk for any large organization.
Jeffery Boyd: I think that what Google is doing is very different from what we do. They are building advertising relationships, and we're helping consumers make reservations. They're getting all of their content from third parties. The content that we have is ours and proprietary to us. So I view them as essentially different things. I think that the barriers to entry in terms of building hotel content are lower for somebody who runs an advertising model because there are a lot of third parties who are willing to allow businesses like metasearch that have advertising platforms access to the content that they've built up over the years. So with respect to businesses that have a lot of customers and can drive well-priced leads to online travel agents and people who make reservations, they'll have content as long as they are able to supply reasonably priced leads to the folks who are giving them the content. With respect to somebody who wants to go out to a hotel and build a booking business where the merchant or agency for a commission, I think the hill is a lot higher to climb because essentially, they are, by definition, showing up without any customers and saying, do the work to connect with me and I promise someday I'll bring you a lot of customers. And that's just a little bit of a harder thing to do.
Daniel Finnegan: And Mark, related to the weather in Q4 for Europe and Q1 in the U.S., where we had a lot of snow-related events, it did drive some increase in cancel rates, but it wasn't overly significant to either quarter. And I think that's apparent in the results that we were able to deliver for Q4 and are included in our guidance for Q1.
Daniel Finnegan: And Ingrid, for the Domestic business, the hotel business performed very well in Q4, and it's forecasted to perform very well in our Q1 guidance. In terms of airline tickets, we saw it down 2% in Q4, and prices were relatively weak year-on-year as well. There's been an uptick in pricing in Q1 and that can drive some additional gross bookings dollars but doesn't have a significant impact on gross profit or other profit bonds.
Daniel Finnegan: With respect to, Ross, where the customers are coming from, I think we've pointed out over the past couple of quarters that for Booking.com in particular, their core markets of Western Europe continue to have very strong demand trends. But as the business has expanded into new markets, we've seen not only business move into those markets as destinations, but also we're getting demand in those markets as the team of Booking.com is successful in building local presence, local distribution and some growing brand loyalty. So I think one of the reasons that we've seen a sustaining of these high growth rates is that the new market strategy is working both from a destination perspective but also as a source of demand with these new market as a point of sale.
Daniel Finnegan: Heath, just to clarify, for online spending in Q1, what I said was there's an increase in online advertising as a percentage of gross profit as compared to the prior year, and that's driven by mix of business amongst our brands. So we didn't see any fundamental change in advertising efficiency in each individual brand. But because our International brands are growing at a faster rate and spend a higher percentage of online advertising, as a percentage of gross profit, than our domestic business does, the overall consolidated rate went up. But I didn't say anything about domestic spending more this year. Each brand maintained their efficiency, and we just have the mixed impact there.
Daniel Finnegan: Okay. So with respect to the first question, we're seeing modest deceleration in our business implied in the guidance, and I think some of the factors that we've been pointing out for the last six months or so continue to be at play here. The new market growth both as a destination and a point-of-sale for Booking.com in Asia, in particular South America. The Americas in general is at a higher growth rate than in the core markets. And as those markets become a bigger part of the whole business, it just has the effect of holding up your growth rates. Agoda continues to perform very well in the Asian market and growing at a high growth rate. That's been helpful in holding up growth rates. So I think those are -- it's really the platform, the International Hotel platform that's continuing to grow. You see the hotel count that we published for Booking.com, 120,000 hotels. I think that's up 55% year-over-year. So really, great job by the team at Booking.com in building what was already a very large and widely dispersed hotel network by a very significant amount over 12 months. And so I think it's those kinds of efforts that are helping hold up the growth as well as the great innovation that our marketing and front-end teams do around the world. And then I'll hit the capital expenditure question and Dan can talk about earnings leverage. With respect to capital expenditures, the $30 million represents an increase. It's been a modest trend up in our CapEx. And as I've said before, we have a simpler job to do than our competition because our platforms run independently. We don't have to make the investment to try to build one platform that suits everybody's different business. The International platform support one line of business only, support hotels in the case of Booking.com and Agoda, and rental cars in the case of the guys at TravelJigsaw. I think the network team that supports all of those businesses does a good job of getting economies of scale where appropriate. And I also think we have a very good technologist who have been brought up in an entrepreneurial environment and in companies where we're just very, very careful about what we spend. So I think those are all the factors. I don't think we're under-invested. And as you can see by the growth that the business has produced over the last three or four years, we've been able to manage that growth without very significantly ramping our IT spend.
Daniel Finnegan: Justin, and on the deleverage point in Q1, we gave what are the key drivers there. So on online advertising, it's really driven by mix. We saw a similar phenomena last year in the first quarter. Some of the other expenses, it's really just Q1 can be a strange quarter, and that we have a lot of online advertising coming through. We're trying to get staffed up for a prior year. We've got staff on board that we need to hire to get through peak season from last year. But the revenue is going to come later when the stays occur. So that's something we have seen in the past. Every now and then, it can throw some strange relationships into Q1. We're not going to give guidance beyond Q1, but we will say it's an important goal for our business to maintain operating leverage, and we will strive to try and do that.
Daniel Finnegan: Yes. Also, Herman, in respect to our Q1 guidance, we're not going to break it down month by month or say what we project for the remainder of the quarter. But suffice to say that there is minimal deceleration as compared to Q4 inherent in that forecast.
Daniel Finnegan: And in terms of geographically, which markets are tracking ahead of our expectations, I'd say for our worldwide hotel business, it's basically every market. We've been pleasantly surprised with the performance that we posted for Q4 and with the guidance we're able to give for Q1, and that's really coming through in the new markets like Jeff mentioned. So Asia-Pacific, the Americas, South America are growing very fast. But the core markets still being such a big part of the business that without those markets also posting very strong growth, we wouldn't be able to post the results in the forecast that we did. So I'd say we've been pleasantly surprised across the board.
