David Goulden: Yeah. Why don’t I take the first one and then Glenn will -- see if you want to take a start on the second one. So, on the efficiency side, we are always looking for ways to become more efficient within the business. As I mentioned, we have reduced these variable cost to the tune of about $370 million. As they come back, we will look at more efficient ways of getting that work done. The work will come back. It won’t come back this year. We basically right-sized ourselves to what we think will be through 2021, but as volumes extend beyond what we think 2021 is likely to bring those costs will come back. So we will look more efficient ways to do some of those variable activities in terms of location, technology, where we do them inside or where we deploy more partner resources, et cetera. And we also Lloyd, continue to look at how we can drive efficiencies in our fixed cost part of the business. That’s not been the major focus for the last 12 months. The major focus being surviving COVID, I think, we have done a good job with that. But we do continue to kind of look at our costs across our personnel base, across our real estate, across our technology portfolios, across things like procurement, where we can continue to drive efficiencies within the business. So when we get to a more normalized environment that’s something else we can also take a look at driving as well.
David Goulden: … everything I gave you because that way you can you make a direct comparison with how things are doing relative to how they are doing in Q4 continues with this trend line. You can do the math yourself to figure what you meant on a year-on-year basis…
David Goulden: We gave you regional flavor not color. That is typically based upon where the customer is located. It’s a book region view.
David Goulden: Eric, just to give you a little bit more color to the answer. The deleverage you mentioned in 2021 on performance marketing is not us calling ROIs per se. It’s to do with the timing that I talked about or the fact we expect to basically spend money in 2021 for lower revenue that will revenue in 2022 and that’s normal is what will drive the deleverage in 2021 we talked about for performance marketing just to clarify.
David Goulden: No. No. No further comments. We will see how they play out. I think our model the way we have it is that, is a model we think is certainly very attractive and has been successful for us, and as you say, well watch what happens in these other spaces.
David Goulden: Yeah. Payments, let me clarify, because I wasn’t quite sure what you said. But let me try and clarify where we are in payments in the evolution of our payment at Booking.com. So as we said in prepared remarks, the percentage of our gross bookings process on the payment platform at Booking.com was 23% last year. That’s up meaningfully from the 15% in 2019. That will mean that the vast majority of our bookings are not being processed via our payment transaction. They are still in the agency model. So we expect that payment adoption to continue to increase above the 22% this year and beyond. Payments is really super important for us for a number of reasons, because we think we can deliver benefits to our customers and our partners across all the different channels, hotels accommodations flights attractions, et cetera. It’s also very important to enable merchandise usually use select honest like based in certain markets and it’s also fundamental to enabling the Connected Trip where we want to have everything be able to be paid in one place. I think an update on where we all from an income statement point of view relative to the evolution of payments. I am pleased to say that the payment of Booking.com was approximately breakeven in 2020. We said in prior years we are still making some of the investment in the platform and we are focused upon still scale it out, but expect to stay in that breakeven level as we scale out and grow the payments platform from here. Obviously, with some potential minor differences year-in, year-out, we are now our breakeven situation on our payment platform should update from where we were before.
Glenn Fogel: Your question is good one because we continue to see changes not only by companies like Apple making changes, you just mentioned, but Google doing differences and government certainly talking about laws and regulations about cookies and all sorts of things that impact different ways that people do marketing, in particular performance marketing and different things and that can impact companies, certainly in the short-term and we are all just looking and trying to evaluate what do we think this will mean for any one of these things. But the thing I am really focused on is that change can also be good. We believe that we have some of the best marketing people in the world in terms of digital marketing. So when changes happen we can make adjustments, we can make changes, we can do things faster and better and we have so much data to test with that we believe we can actually come out of these things sometimes better off than we were in the past. So right now, there is nothing I can say in terms of impact or not. It took us so far as to say we have been adapting and changing as the world of digital marketing has been changing for 20 years and we have kept on top of it and so I am so confident that we will be able to make any adjustments we need to make for the future.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So in regards to the whole alternative accommodations, we would like to call it in Europe. I don’t think we talk much about regional exact share and I am not going to here. But I certainly, we talked a little bit how Europe is our stronghold in that area. We are better there in the home area, other areas. But throughout the world I think I can say to you that we are better in things that are less single property. We always want to increase the single property, because we know that’s an area where we can improve upon. So that is an issue right now and with the pandemic there certainly was a bit of a shift for some people that they wanted to be isolated away from other people. So certainly, there was more demand than the past for the single home area. That showed much more in the U.S. for us than Europe because Europe we do have a greater amount of our home supply is single property than say in the U.S. Look, it’s an area where we to continue to focus on and I do believe right now in the environment there is, that is a great product to have up on the shelf. That being said, in the future, we will see how much that maintains or things go back more towards they used to be where there is a different split between homes and hotels. In regard to your second question about relationship with hotel suppliers, obviously, we are doing everything we can to help our partners. The next come up with new ways to come up with promotions that they want to do, telling them what we think their spots of demand that they can come up with give and take a closed user group prices they can help get the more demand, coming out with ways they can put together things in content in terms of safety and health so that a traveler who looks on our sites, sees their hotel and sees that is a safe place to go, do all different things with them to try and improve their business. It’s very difficult right now, as you know because let’s face it, unless we see a demand, if you can have the greatest content in the world where people don’t trying to travel, they are not going to travel. But we are going to continue to do that. I do believe in terms of relationships, certainly, as a distributor, when there is less demand we are more valuable as a partner to them. And the time when there is very, very high occupancy rates, any hotels I don’t need the distributor nearly as much, but when they don’t have as much occupancy rate then they start looking for demand and we have the benefit of being the largest platform for hotel demand in the world. So we are in a place for them to come and get some more of that incremental demand and we are continuing to work with them to make sure they do their best to get it.
Glenn Fogel: Well, let me start with the first one, Kevin. We absolutely have begun to focus more on the U.S. It’s always been a priority. So don’t get me wrong in that area. But certainly we have made a couple of changes. We are focusing more specifically in the U.S. As we scale the company over many, many years we had a very global presence and we try not to make changes solely for any particular market, really believing that scaling the business we have it and the same was the best way to achieve a very, very large global share of the business. That being said, we have come to a state where we recognize that we continue to be under indexed in the U.S. and maybe we need to make some changes there, which we are doing and I think that we will make some progress in that. In terms of whether we are going to do a brand or in terms of performance marketing, I am not going to give away the playbook here. I will say though, we are absolutely doing the things I talked about in my prepared remarks in terms of obviously we do want to increase awareness, we obviously want to increase the total amount of supply, increase our alternative accommodation, doing all the things that are necessary to make sure we are getting the share of the business that we believe we should be getting.
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. So, Eric, loyalty is an important thing because it really talks about something that we talk about a lot is bringing people home direct to us and we have talked about this numerous times of how we believe getting people to come back to us directly is a critical part of the strategy going forward. And certainly one of the ways we do that is by providing our loyalty version, which is our genius plan at Booking.com which really does we believe give some real value to consumers and that’s something that we are going to continue on. Because in the end it costs an awful lot of money as we hope to get a new customer. It’s cheaper to keep them. So we are going to keep on doing all the things we can to keep people coming back direct. And you are right about first-party, it could be third-party and all these different ways that we worry about how we are going to get through to the come in the future, certainly important to get new customers, but also real important to keep them coming back. In regards to your second question, one of the things I mentioned how uncertain the world is right now and one of the things you are trying always to do is make sure you are spending money that that could create revenue. The only issue is you pay the money upfront, person books, but because so much of the business nowadays is being done on things that are cancellable. You don’t know when change happens all of a sudden money you spent it doesn’t end up in the increased revenue you thought it was and your ROI is very different. So we have to look at this very carefully and we are approaching it in a cautious way. But on the other hand, we don’t want to be slow to the increase in demand. That why we look at all the data very, very closely and that’s about the best I can say is that, that’s how we are handling it right now. We can’t say anything more than because we don’t know what the future is going to be quite yet.
Glenn Fogel: So, in terms of air bookings and question on lower model at the end, so I don’t cover completely. David you heard it better and fill out there. But, yes, we were pleased to see that cause number there. One of the things to point out is I just talked about little bit though in the past we didn’t have air tickets coming from Booking.com and from — and also by the way our Agoda brand also sells air tickets too. KAYAK of course has been selling air ticket since the start of the company more than two decades ago. So it’s easier when you add two more of our brands selling air tickets hadn’t done it in the past, have a positive number. And I want to point out this is very early and these are very, very, very small numbers. So it’s pleasant to see, but I wouldn’t take too much except that we are on our journey. In regards to attractions for Booking.com, yes, these are coming from third-party suppliers. We are partnering with them. They give us the inventory. So we sell it. We have a commercial relationship. We are pleased that’s the way to go forward. Again, one can be anything or scale and you decide which ones you want to do first, but it’s a lot, you can’t be everything. So it’s a lot easier when you want to do a lot more things to partner with other people for things for people already set up the things you need to get. So, I am pretty pleased about that. Again, I will be more pleased when people actually are back to traveling and start buying attractions. David, I don’t know if I missed anything on the air ticket [inaudible].
Glenn Fogel: So let me start with the second one and I will turn it over to David in terms of payments in case you want to add anything more related to that. In terms of people and we talked about this, we have been through restructuring and I think we both said in our prepared remarks how we are satisfied from where we are right now. But we also made the very important point, how much of the restructuring dealt with jobs that related to volume and that as volume comes back, we need to bring people into help cover the hopefully in a much more efficient way over time. So in terms of being a hyper start up, yeah, we -- look, we are always going incredibly hard in trying to get as much progress we count on our strategic vision, because we know that the travelers are going to come back and we want to get ahead of it as fast as we can so we can give the greatest value, the greatest -- different types of way to travel as soon as we can. I don’t see any major change in 2021, but we will see how fast business comes back and we will see what happens in 2022 and we will see the rate of progress in all our strategic different things we are working on. And I will let David talk about the payments platform.
Glenn Fogel: So they actually go a little together those two questions, because one of the things I believe why we didn’t have a healthy profit as you pointed out, was perhaps because we didn’t have as much of it makes of the single home property, because single home does cost more for the company because you do end up with more contacts. It is just by nature. It is not as professionally run and you end up with more costs. So we do though, now that it is a product that people want and we need to have and we need to have more of it. That’s absolutely correct. The briefing about this though it is a trend towards more professionalization of that single home property where the person who in the past made down onto our platform and just signed up on their own and try to orchestrate it all by themselves. What you are seeing in the industry is more and more people who want to rent out their single properties going to different people who will do it for them, who will handle all the elements of it and those people who are running these kind of we will call it channel managers, but they are like a channel managers as they are able to bring these different single property owners and put amount of this site that is able to direct debt to provide that supply to us or to somebody else. The briefing about it is these people are much more professionalized and they are more easy to deal with. They are able to understand the right things you need to do. So because of that professionalization of the industry, I believe we will be able to pick up more of the single home properties faster than we had to in the past. In regards to M&A since you know we don’t comment on future M&A activity.
Glenn Fogel: So we will go with the hypothetical, as somebody out there listen to say what I really think is happening here. So people hoops perhaps in the past never would have thought of using alternative accommodations perhaps last summer they didn’t use it or they looked at it or something and now it is in a consideration set. So going forward, what has happened is now there is a much larger amount of supply for any travelers going look at and what that means is any individual supplier in the marketplace is now facing more competition. Now a distributor talked about earlier why there has been official to the distributor now. In our business which is so great because we have both a great amount of the home product that alternative accommodations and one of the largest people have the hotels. So we have this great saying where the consumer when they come, they can come to one place us and able to compare and contrast all different types, all the different prices. Understand all the different continents review is being left by previously stated. That give us a great, great benefit. So I am pleased with the way it is happening. And I -- we will go back what will have and how much will the mix be of home in the future versus hotel. I don’t know any can really guess. I think over many years we have seen the trend going more and more people interested in alternative accommodations the pandemic step function up higher. I know that’s not going to be a pause, maybe a dip down or continue upward, I don’t know. But from my point of view, it’s not that relevant in the sense that we provide both and we are going to keep getting both. So for me, I am feeling pretty good about it.
Glenn Fogel: Well, the -- B2B travel, I don’t think there’s a lot of talk about that. David, I didn’t hear exactly what the question was, maybe you did.
Glenn Fogel: Business travel, got it. Okay. Okay. Got it. Look, I have been saying for a long time. I think that it’s going to be a while before corporate travel picks up the same way leisure will pick up. It’s going to be…
Glenn Fogel: Because they are not going to get those as many of those high ADR customers anymore and they need to get more leisure travelers. Well, we have a higher percentage of leisure travelers and business travelers. We are again that point where people can come and get that leisure demand. So again it’s another thing what I feel good about our long future.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So, in closing, I want to note, there it’s been a little more than a year since the pandemic began and we have said we lost 500,000 mothers, fathers, brothers and sisters, grandparents and so tragically children in the United States alone and globally more than 4 million lives have been lost, our hearts go out to all of them. I also want to reiterate my deepest condolences to the family and friends of Arne Sorenson, as well as to the entire Marriott organization. He left a profound mark on the travel industry and will be greatly missed. And it is so sad he will not see the recovery in the industry that he dedicated his life to and the travel industry will recover, and we are working so very hard to bring travel back as fast as we can. So I want to end by giving one last thank you to our partners, our customers and most of all to our dedicated employees who throughout the horrible year of 2020 rose to the challenge, met it and got us to where we are today, well positioned for a better tomorrow. Thank you. Please be safe. Good night.
