David Goulden: Thank you. Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. Operator, am I on the line? Can you confirm that, please? I can...
David Goulden: Yes, Mark, this is David. I'll take that. Let me go to the second question first. We have called out markets where there's been a double-digit improvement in the rate of decline from the start of April to the end of April. We really only kept our remarks through the month of April because early trends in May are too early to call. So I'm not going to tell you exactly how much they're down. I mentioned to that in total, even with this improvement we've seen in these markets, all-in room like decline rate is only a few points better at the end of the month than it was at the start. But the markets that we called out we see double-digit improvements during the course of the month of April. In terms of the shift towards app, first of all, I'll just caveat, as I said before, anything that we talk about in terms of April when we're running at kind of 10% to 15% of our normal volumes, you have to take and qualify through that lens and try not to draw too big a trend from it.  We did see during the course of the month that we saw more app customers, we saw more Genius customers, which is often tied to app use as well. And we're pleased the fact that in the areas we saw some demand increase or we saw the residual demand occur, more was going into the app. We'll continue to try and emphasize the app as we come first because we want to make sure that we drive more direct business and of course to the app, is one of the strongest ways to drive direct business. But I wouldn't say there was a particular strategy that drove us there. I'm pleased that, that's the way the things came out, and we're going to continue to understand how our customers are buying and try and continue that trend as demand starts to recover.
David Goulden: Yes. Thank you, Kevin. Thank you, Glenn. Let me take that. So marketing expenses are going to correlate quite closely to the rate of newly booked room nights. So you can assume a close correlation there. I've actually walked through a number of these in the prepared remarks to Q1, Q2, but just to summarize, sales and other -- obviously, a piece of that is -- a large piece of that is tied to our merchant platform, and that is variable with volume, but things like customer service costs and bad debt, as you saw, was a major factor in Q1. Those may continue to be a factor in Q2. Next biggest area, of course, is personnel. And as we mentioned, the hiring freeze and the other actions that we took did not have much of an impact in Q1.  In Q2, you'll get the full impact of those. Also to the extent that we are successful with our application for kind of aid that would generally help Q2 and some of the optimization actions that we've already taken, like KAYAK and OpenTable, will also help Q2. So as we move through the year and continue with optimization activities, that will also help with personnel expenses. We move through the year, although the government aid programs will be mainly focused upon Q2 and not the second half. As I mentioned, the pressure on decrease on G&A, particularly as we start to lap the DST expenses last year. And information technology is an interesting line. We saw obviously a fair amount of pressure on that in Q1. I pointed out that some of those costs related to our volumes. And even though our revenues were basically not pretty high in Q1, the volumes that we had to process through the business through refunds and cancellations, et cetera, were also high and that drove it costs up. That was one of the factors. We expect there to be less pressure on that line going through the rest of the year.
David Goulden: Yes. Naved, on the new bookings, I mentioned the fact that we're seeing a bit of, what I call dumbell in the current patent, which means that they're either pretty close to the current stay or they're a long way out. What happened in the first quarter is hotel and alternative performed about the same. So they basically were almost in lockstep from a growth point of view throughout the quarter. In April, we saw a shift to alternative associated with those longer-term bookings. So we saw alternative combinations doing better in the April bookings, particularly at the far end of the dumbbell, which is the two month plus out bookings, particularly in the domestic markets where we saw some decent return rates in the domestic markets in the month of April.  So that's what we saw relative to the mix. On the fixed costs, we are still, as Glenn said, I think you have more detail in his commentary. We are still building our optimized plans for many parts of the business. We really only put those in place yet. In one of our business segments, and we're working through the other business segments as we speak. And of course, the timing of that is also going to be tied to what we're doing around some of the government A programs. So I don't want to come with the number just yet. I'll give you a data point, for example, that the reductions that we took at KAYAK and OpenTable, reduced the personnel and off expenses there by about 20%. And those will be part of that fixed or semi-fixed cost base we talked about. That's one example. Beyond that, I really don't want to go into any of these will be come to finalize our plans yet, but as we do and when we do, we'll let you know what we expect them to do to our cost base.
David Goulden: Nothing really -- no major update on business travel as we don't have a formal percentage. We have a self-declared estimate that maybe as much as 1/5 of our business might be business travel, but it's not an always in number. It's not a number that we really track or spend a lot of time looking at. It's basically just a self-declared booking field. What I would say is -- and obviously, as Glenn said, we're just talking about very small deviation. We're trying to give as much color as we can for what we saw in April. What I will tell you, and it's pretty obvious that our domestic business was -- rates grew appreciably faster than the international rates. And to the extent that business travel was international. That's still very depressed. I'm not saying a large piece of -- obviously, a chunk of it is. So that's another way to look at it. We don't really have any specific data for the month of April, what happened to business travel versus non-business travel other than the fact that we know what happened to domestic versus international.
David Goulden: Yes, sure. Thanks, Justin. So historically, both ADRs and length of stay been a little shorter for domestic travel because people's longer trips would be international and therefore, they've been going towards higher ADRs and long length of stay. Now to the extent those international trips get moved back into the domestic marketplace, that distinction may actually not be as great. Because if the domestic marketplace was generally more short-term-oriented and that mix shift and it becomes more the place where people want to go for the longer major vacations, et cetera, that may not be as big a factor as it was before. And there's really no difference to take rate.
David Goulden: Yes. Well, thank you, James. So this is Dave, I'll wrap up with this one. So we haven't given a cash flow projection for the year. We did give you an indication as to kind of what our cash position would look like at the end of 2021 before we did our bond offering. And now because we have significantly $4.1 billion more than that. So we're not going to get into to a monthly burn. We walk you through the changes to our balance sheet for working capital movements in Q1. Those balances will continue to reduce until we start to get travel demand occurring once again. And I think the best way to handle it is once we've really gone through our optimization plans, and we decided where we're going to reset our cost base too, at that point in time, we'll give you more color as to where we are. I do not have an interest rate number for you off the top of my head, but we can follow-up with everybody forward with that one.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So this is a difficult issue. We have customers who have purchased reservations far in the future perhaps, that were nonrefundable. And then there was a case of a pandemic and is a force majeure situation. We have a situation where the customer says, well, I can't travel because the government has said that you cannot travel there and we have hoteliers who are saying, wait, I can't refund everybody, I may have even spent the money here, and it's a difficult situation. So we always believe in trying to do what is best for the customers, and our contracts with our hoteliers is completely set up for this exact situation -- in force majeure situation, in which case, go over a long history of travel. That in a situation like this, the hotel should refund the customer. So what we'll do is we will provide monies to the customer and recover from the hotel. Now we've talked about that there is an issue.  Many of these hotels are closed right now. There's nobody actually there to have discussions with. We hope to get a significant portion over, but we don't know yet if you're not talking with the people. We always want to come up with a good relationship with hotels. So as they reopen, as things start again, we want to do this in the best way possible. I don't think we have any specific numbers to give. David has put in the reserves. And I think that's -- we hope for the best going forward.
Glenn Fogel: Thanks, Alex. It's very important for us as we come out as optimize to make sure that we're doing everything we can to become a better competitor in the U.S. We've talked in the past that we believe we under-index in the U.S., and that is something that is important to counter and be able to do. One of the things that we believe is providing a better overall value proposition to the customers. It's also as we talked in the past, and making our customers more -- or potential customers aware of this better value proposition. And that goes through the connected trip that we've talked about in the past. Now importantly, we think that we'll be able to buy something different and better to the consumer. But your point is a good one about social media and how do we get that message to those consumers. And with our CMO came from Google, who has been here about 10 months now, we absolutely believe that social area -- social media is a way to try and drive that message to the consumer. And we will be doing things in the future, albeit always looking what's the right ROI for that. It does us no good to waste advertising money.
Glenn Fogel: All right. Well, let me start with the second one first about the nature of the -- where is the demand going in April and such. And I can't give any more specifics beyond what we've already described to a slight increase in people going for the alternative accommodations over home. I can say, no, there's not a lot of skiing in April. So that's what I can tell you. Remind me, your first question was.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So one of the things that I think is important to understand, while we do believe that, certainly, because of this pandemic, some of the smaller players in the industry are going to have trouble going forward. But the big players are still going to be around. They're going to be very competitive as they were in the past. And they are the ones who are the sophisticated players in the performance marketing area. So I don't think it's going to change a great deal there since the people who've been -- we competing against the past are going to be the same people going forward. So I don't see significant change in there. In terms of the P&L, when we get to that place down the road, that training sun where we have fully recovered, I hope to be doing what we did in the past, have the leading margins in the industry and still growing nicely. And that's about the best one can put forward in terms of a long-term prediction.
Glenn Fogel: You're right. One of the things that's been a great advantage for us is our experimentation ability because with more data, we able to come up with insights and be able to develop things much faster. And that's always been a great advantage for us. And if there's no demand, you're right, it's hard to put something in and say, is this working or not? How well does this work or not. So I agree with you that, but 1 can still make great insights with what, in comparison, a small amount of data, but still can give you the insights. Don't forget, we were a lot smaller 10 to 15 years ago but we were able to come up with a lot of new things that were very valuable and help make us a leader in innovation in this industry. And we believe that we'll still be able to do that. And the connected trip will still be going forward because we do believe, and we are seeing -- we're seeing data before COVID that was indicating we're going in the right way. And I do believe that this will continue going forward. As demand comes back, we'll be able to do more and more with that data.
Glenn Fogel: In the long run, the very long run, there'll be supply that will be commensurate with what it was before COVID and it will match up with what it is in the long run. There may be, there may be in the period right now going forward or going to this recovery, that there may be some decline in some areas of supply that just isn't as great a place to stay. And therefore, the demand doesn't go there and prices have adjusted that the better quality places are a little bit cheaper and people will go grab a take there. But here's the point. The buildings don't disappear. The hotel business doesn't -- building there -- if there's demand, it will get to maybe a new owner, it may be recapitalized and such. But it will be there. So I think in the long run, I am not concerned about a constraint on supply that impacts our ability to provide great value to the consumer at all or a chance that the supplier doesn't need us anymore. I don't see that happening at all.
Glenn Fogel: Well, we're talking with the whole marketing team about that. One of the things you don't want to be doing. The reason we're not brand advertising right now is you don't want to be putting a message out when nobody is really listening or very few people are listening to it and you're spending the money for the number of people who you're spreading this message to who really are not interested in traveling right now. That's not an efficient use of the money. I talked a little earlier about we really want to be ROI-efficient in this. So I'm not sure -- certainly, when we think that enough people are ready to travel, then it'd be good to start pushing that message out to them. The critical thing is, when is that right point. We'll be measuring very carefully to see when that right time is.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I'll do the first one. I'll let Dave talk to the second one. The merchant platform will be very important, and that's why we do believe it's unimportant is to continue to invest in our payments product and get that out because, as you point out, providing value, providing the right price, putting it together through that connected trip. That's one of the things we've talked about a lot. We still believe this is a great thing for consumers, really being able to put together different packages in a way. So paying one way and clearly, one of the things, too, is us having more control over the cash makes it much easier if a refund is needed to be doing it from one thing instead of a customer having to deal with refunds from their air, from their hotel, from their car, maybe other things that are -- attractions. They did all different people they talked to try and get refund from. By doing in one package connected trip with us through our merchant payment platform, we'll be able to give much better value, both in the time when they buy it and even if they have to deal with getting a refund. So that's more important. And David, I'll let you talk about ADRs and what do you think.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So regarding the brand advertising, I'm sure you'll forgive me for saying, I'm not -- I really don't want to give away exactly when we're going to put on the gas or what the signals are so our competitors can then get a jump on that. I'm sure you all understand that. Look, it is important, though, for us to feel that we are going to be effective in using that brand advertising and going through it. And as the question earlier about there's a lot of the things that we can do desktop now and be able to put out what is half video, half of -- half brand enhanced performance through video channels that you can start seeing some better response and a better sense of where your ROIs are not be able a little bit more selective in how you use that. I think we're going to definitely be pushing that way.  In regards to the supply relationships and the Great Recession as a model going forward, we were very pleased to see that -- and this is why we feel comfortable and confident to talk about how a deep recession can be helpful to distributors because in the past, the suppliers leaned in heavily into distributors who have demand for the obvious reason, that if you're a hotel and you're running 40% or 30% rate, you need to get that demand, and we're here to provide it to them. So that helps build that better relationship and I do think that's what you're going to see going forward. And I do agree. I think that some of them may not be doing as much brand advertising as perhaps they were in the past. That'd be due to cash constraints and other things where they need to make sure they're maintaining a certain amount of cash flow.
Glenn Fogel: Well, what we've seen is the hotel area, and Dave talked a little bit about what we've seen in that, a lot of air is still extremely limited, whether by government restrictions, like people to go to certain countries or the amount of flights and times available, and people just on fearful about getting on a clean right now. And you may have seen, for example, the RyanAir data that just came out in Europe, RyanAir is a good bellwether for air travel in Europe in April. It was essentially almost nothing, but really almost nothing. And that's, unfortunately, what we've seen in other parts of the world, extremely low amounts of air travel. But it's all will go somewhat together as people feel more comfortable about how their entire situation. It's the vaccine we talked about, it's a treatment perhaps, it's also in their economic situation, all those things. So I think what we'll see as things start coming back, yes, some things will be the other one. But I think overall, it will all come back pretty very similar.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I understand there was a technical difficulty. And some of the last part of my speech -- my prepared remarks was cut off. I think what actually works out well because the last 2 paragraphs, which were actually in a nice way to close this off. So let me disclose that all for everyone. Look, we know the progress against the pandemic is going to be disruptive at times as relaxation of social distancing in some geographies may lead to a resurgence of infections and/or reinstatement of government restrictions. Our aim is to optimize the business to participate in the ultimate return of demand, manage our expenses in light of our best estimate of the shape of that return, invest in our business to build on our leadership position in the industry and serve our customers, employees and partners and build shareholder value going forward.  We have a tough road ahead of us. And we have been through many difficult issues in the past, the last few weeks, and we're going to have some in the future, the weeks, the months and quarters to come. The pace scale and impact of COVID-19 is unprecedented. But we know one day, we will be on the other side, and we are doing everything we can to ensure we are well positioned to navigate through these challenging times. We have the confidence that with a highly variable cost structure, strong cash and liquidity, great global brand awareness and some of the best people anywhere, we are well positioned to come out of this crisis and extend our leadership role in the global travel ecosystem. Now I'm going to close by giving a heartfelt thank you to all the employees, our customers, our partners and the governments as we work through these difficult days together.  And to our employees, I have never been more proud of you and your enormous efforts to support our customers, partners everywhere. We know there will be more tough days ahead. Not just for us, but for so many people industries all over the world. But I am confident we will get through it. And lastly, I want to say thank you to all the frontline workers out there. The doctors and nurses, the scientists trying to come up with a cure or vaccine, the delivery people, the people making sure they'll be food in the stores, basically, to everybody in a job that is designated as critical. To all of you working night and day to help our will get through this. Thank you from all of us at Booking Holdings. Good night.
