Glenn Fogel: Yes. So actually, your last question actually applies to the earlier part, which is part of our decision how we spend our money, whether it be dollars, euro again, whatever, how do we spend it? To point people to our platform and get them to buy something is factored by what do we think we’re going to get in terms of the return. And when they return is, are they going to come back? Or else they going to come back? Are they coming back direct or not? Do they now make want to pay from the cannot? All of these types of things go into our calculations around our machine learning, all the science we bring in to try and decide what is the best use of the money? And we’re looking, obviously, the markets are dynamic. I haven’t used that word in a while, but we’re going to use it today right now. These markets are dynamic. And whether it’s a performance marketing market you’re looking at or any other type of market in terms of what is the best way to put that money to work to get the best long-term value for our company. And that’s what we’re doing right now. And clearly, David pointed out that we’re leaning more toward some merchandising right now because we believe that is the appropriate use of our money right now to get the best return in the long run for the company. And obviously, one factor is getting to come back again and again, and that’s the important point in trying to make sure that we use the money correctly.
Glenn Fogel: I would say one thing in turn generally in merchandise. But in general, when we talk about one of the values in the connected trip, and I mentioned in my prepared remarks about providing a marketing platform for suppliers to be able to do what they feel is appropriate in terms of maximizing their value and us providing them an opportunity to do their own way to merchandise and offer up different types of offers to our customers. And we will use all sorts of important scientific analysis of where it’s really incremental for them. And that I believe is something that’s going to be very helpful going and run, particularly if we are in a less of a hot market where everybody feels we can sell at maximum price. When things start getting a little more interesting, that will be another opportunity for us to provide value to our supplier partners.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So, let me take the first one, and David can do the second one. I know he talked a little bit in what sort of details you want to give on that second one. On the first one, I will make the point that several years ago, I said that it was just hard for us to do better in the U.S. That would be a strategic priority for us to get more share we are under-indexed in the U.S. We felt we have a very good product, but now improve upon it. And that is something that we should be doing better we would. And now we are beginning to see some of that. We are seeing these kind of growth rates that you just mentioned, and that is something that I am very happy that the team has executed well. Now what is the silver bullet, there is no silver bullet. It’s a lot of things. There is a tremendous number of different things being worked out by so many different teams. And I can – we can spend all through the rest of this call talking about all the things that have been done by the different people to improve so we can get higher share. And you have seen some of it yourself. You see our brand marketing. You see the things that we are doing in terms of app. You see us in terms of being payments out. We have Booking.com and have payments in the space, and we have that. And assuming those things is the blocking and tackling every day, working with the suppliers, achieving better relationships so that we work together so we can offer up to travelers something that really fits what their needs are. And I can’t come out and help you in terms of – this is the biggest part, the next part and the next part. What I can say is that this is something that has been something that’s been important to us, but I am glad to see the results starting to come through. It’s not done by any way, shape or form. There is a lot more to be done, and I continue to repeat myself about we got to do better in the alternative accommodations in the states. Not enough people know about it, and we have enough supply and all those areas we want to improve upon there. And obviously, flights started up for Booking.com in the States and is doing well, but a lot more to do there. And all those things that connected trips. So, lots more to be done there, but that is an area where we are going to continue. As I said, it’s one of our priorities, one of the things we are working hard on it. And I am happy to see to be able to show people, here is what the growth – the progress that we have made so far.
Glenn Fogel: So, a couple of thoughts about ADR. Obviously, we talked about ADR, a very global average-type thing. But it’s interesting, when you look around the world, it’s not the same everywhere. In Asia, very different than what’s happened in States, let’s say, differences in Europe, too. It is interesting that in almost all the time I have been in the travel industry, when you had lower occupancy rates, that would usually end up with lower ADRs. People try to fill up those last rooms because the margin that would drop to the bottom line was huge. Yet, that is not what’s happening here. You see occupancy rates, for example, in the States, still not at historical highs, yet we all know ADRs certainly are. And that’s an interesting change from how they have been in the past. And now your question is a good one. Well, what’s going to happen in the future? Are these things going to come back – are these ADRs going to come back down now at some point, if demand does drop, are we going to see that come back down, or are the hoteliers going to continue what they have been doing with us saying, look, I can’t even service for all of my rooms. So, I am not going to try and fill them. But I don’t want to know on labor or labor cost. It’s better or doing better by doing this higher ADRs and not trying to fill everything. That’s happening in some of the places. The truth is, nobody knows what’s going to happen in the future. I do know, though, that we have flexibility ourselves, that we work well when there is – ADRs are high, as you have seen with the numbers we just printed, which is great. And also when ADRs are dropping because the suppliers need more demand, we are there to help them. We did better than most of the people in the industry coming straight out of the depth of the pandemic because we worked really hard with these suppliers to find a way to get the demand, and we did that. And that’s really our role with them is to make sure we are putting heads and beds for them at the price that they think is right. And that’s what we are going to continue to do. So, I can’t tell you what’s going to happen in the future. I can tell you, we will continue to execute well under either scenario.
Glenn Fogel: Oh, I have got it now. Okay. So, it goes back to me trying to explain and talk about the non-linearity of the heats [ph] in January because yes, we see the change, and I talked at the beginning about that. And one hypothesis, certainly, somebody in the past, people have definitely talked about, well, when it’s hot, people don’t travel as much. That’s true. There is definitely there that in there. And there certainly is the cancellation of the Air Force Macassar, and that probably played a factor too. There are a lot of things that are probably played – and we want to look at how strong May was. And did that take some bookings from July we ended up in May because people were just – as soon as the pandemic levels went down, and so I am calling it down. People say I am going right away and won they would have waited. There is so many potential hypothesis. I can’t tease them all out. And in fact, I would say it’s actually not that – it’s not that important because we are talking for the long run, one month versus another month. In my mind, yes, I know there was going to be volatility in these things, variability. But we are looking at the long run. Are we achieving what we want to continue to open the long run, build this business? And we are doing that. And I see that. So I can’t really help you on whatever guess is you would like yourself, but what’s more important in my mind is are we executing, creating a better product, a better service that we will get more share as the travel recovery continues, which it is. And again, I emphasize this recovery from the pandemic is nowhere near done yet. When you look at countries like, in Japan, there are a lot of places where it’s not where everybody isn’t just traveling as they used to at all. In Asia, we mentioned Asia. It’s not a full recovery yet. Look at China, lots of places where the pandemic has not totally disappeared. Everybody is living like they did in 2019 at all, but there is a lot of room to come back just from recovery, and we are looking forward to that.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I think we talked a little bit about what share of our business in the alternative accommodations now and how we saw a couple of percentage points better than 2019 to more accommodations versus hotels. That’s steady improvement that we are pleased we are seeing. We talked a little bit about the U.S. and the mix there. It’s still low in terms of the share that’s going to internal accommodations, but we are pleased with the mix is improving. It’s on the right path. I am not sure in terms of general, though I think I know your question is, is this going to be – are people going back to where they formerly had done a lot more hotels and are they going to switch back there? I don’t think anybody knows or not. But what I emphasize is how important it is to offer both. And that’s why we think we have an advantage because we know, and I mentioned this in previous calls, we know people come to our site thinking they want one type of accommodation, yet we see by the way they search and the way they look at different potential places to stay, that there is actually a lot of uncertainty. And by offering both a hotel and a home or apartment or avail, whatever it is, we are providing better information to the travelers to be able to make the right choice and have a higher opportunity that they will buy from us because we are offering these different types of services. So, I don’t know what’s going to happen in terms of people’s behavior going back. I can guess. I think that people who have enjoyed a home they never get before, they are going to continue to look at that home. And I am fine with that because we offer it. So, it’s okay by me if that’s what’s happening. What I would like to do, of course, is make our home products be top brand – be as good as anybody else’s and make sure that nobody ever says, I gave you all of that, here are some things you don’t have yet. That’s something I want to get rid of.
Glenn Fogel: Well, thank you. So, after the difficult situation in the last 2.5 years, we are very pleased to arrive at where we are today. And I want to thank our partners, our customers, dedicated employees and our shareholders. We greatly appreciate the support as we continue to build on our long-term vision for our company. Thank you everyone and good night.
David Goulden: Yes. Lloyd, let me take both of those. So our goal is absolutely to when we have a fully recovered marketplace, whenever that is, and that gets back to your question about 2023, will that be the case? We don’t know yet. But our view is that when we get back to a more stabilized market growth level, at that point in time, we would expect to be growing fast than we were in 2019. That’s still very much our strategy, our statement based upon the things that Glenn talked about moving forward with the product, building out the connected trip, having a more comprehensive offering and also doing more with payments, which gets back to the second part of your question. So that goal is absolutely out there. Our goal is to be growing on the top line and the bottom line faster than we were in 2019 when we’re into a fully normalized recurrent market environment. So we believe that we can do that. In terms of where are we on the payments platform, we continue to be pleased with the progress that we’re making. We expect to run our payments platform very close to breakeven this year. And we expect to start seeing some positive returns to the payments platform in aggregate in 2023. Some of that will just come through better economics in the core processing of payments, and some of that would be from starting to introduce in a bit more scale. Some of the payment-oriented products that we’re currently experimenting rolling out, we’re currently working on FX options for our customers, paying your own currency-type solutions, buy now, pay later type offerings. Those are the first two we’re experimenting with in different markets right now. We expect to roll it out a little bit more fully in 2023. And the combination of that and some things will also add in 2023 on top of that will move us into a positive position relative to getting a return from payments platform next year.
David Goulden: Thank you. Let me take that, Glenn, add some color. So we would please see the ROIs better than our expectation in the second quarter and to get some leverage on that marketing spend. It’s obviously the biggest single line in our income statement. And we characterize it as a high-intent environment in Q2 because there is no single factor that kind of led to that. It’s a multiplicity of things. As you know, the calculation of ROI is based upon many, many different variables. Some of the ones that made a difference to the positive in the second quarter, having a lower cancellation rate helped with ROIs. We saw some strengthening length of stays versus what we were expecting and also versus 2019. And some of the ADR trends also helped us. There are other factors as well. But I’d point out those three as ones that certainly had a meaningful impact on the overall ROI environment. And just to a lot of people, a lot of volume in environment. And as we said, people were booking and they weren’t canceling. That’s going to be part of what we mean by high intent. In the third quarter, we still expect that to be the biggest travel season from a room state point of view. It always is. The market is still recovering. As Glenn said, it’s not linear. But the trend line is certainly going up positively, which is what we like to see. And like last quarter, we think there’ll be an opportunity to attract bookers to the platform. Bear in mind for a number of people still be a couple of years since they have made their last booking, and they may not automatically come back. So we’ve got a regain some existing customers. There is the opportunity to win new customers in the peak travel season. So our plan is still to lean in as we said we would do at the start of the season. We expect, in total, that leaning in on marketing to be a little less impactful on the P&L than we did for the full year and been on our merchandising to be a little more, but we will still have both of them turn up pretty high in the third quarter.
David Goulden: Yes. Thank you. I got the question, merchandising. Obviously, it’s something that we use selectively. We will think about further disclosure as it grows. Obviously, this year is something that we will – but think of it as something we are leaning into this year in a recovering marketplace, just like marketing. As and when things have recovered, we may not have to lead in quite heavily. So, we kind of see this may also fluctuate. We have not broken it out. Yes, it does obviously have a bit of an impact upon take rates. And probably the way to give you some flavor on it in the future is to give you a bit more flavor as to how it’s impacting take rate, but nothing more to disclose at this point in time.
David Goulden: And just final, as we build out the elements of the connected trip, that gives us more ways to merchandise. At the moment, a lot of our merchandises through pricing type activity, but as Glenn mentioned, we are looking at providing incentives or other benefits to our high-value accommodation customers, if they are buying more elements of the total trip. So, the mix of how we merchandise on our side will also change over time as well.
David Goulden: Yes. Thanks, Glenn. Brian, yes, on international travel, Q2 is probably the best place to come look because we have got the full quarter numbers to talk about. International, that was the first quarter that we saw growth in international travel in total vis-à-vis 2019. So, in Q2, international travel in total was a mid-single digit growth. Of course, the room nights in aggregate were up 16 points. Obviously, domestic was still strong, very strong, but it was the first quarter we saw return to growth of international travel in aggregate. And to your point, within international travel, we saw better-than-average growth in the – within regional travel, so travel within Europe and Asia, etcetera. And the long-haul international travel was still down mid-single digits, but was – still was almost recovered back to 2019 levels. So, I think it’s an encouraging trends as we move through the quarter. As I mentioned, in terms of the overall improvement from Q1 to Q2, international travel drove most of that improvement.
David Goulden: And Doug, on payments, I think that is not a new story. The fact that we are going to have some revenue streams that are going to be growing faster than the current average because they are newer and they will be less profitable from a profit margin point of view. We talked about payments of flights earlier during the year that are both going to be significant contributors to the business in the future will result in incremental EBITDA dollars – incremental EBITDA dollar growth, but will be dilutive to margin rates. And I don’t think that’s anything new. And I think that’s a good thing for the business. It means we will have faster EPS growth for having those businesses than we would without. So, I think it’s a conversation we had a few times in the early part of the year and hopefully nothing new. We are making progress and getting payments into the position we talked we thought we might be able to go into 2023. So, I view that as encouraging.
David Goulden: Yes. On my side, obviously, the base element in our fixed cost is personnel. And in recent years, with the current inflation rates and obviously wage inflation, that has been pressured particularly for tech and technology people and product people, the marketing folks, etcetera, engineers. So, that’s been under pressure for a little while. We believe that when we get back to this post-COVID steady state and we get to the situation where we are gaining share, growing top line faster than we used to grow in the bottom line faster than we used to, we believe that we can start looking at the right time of getting leverage from our fixed costs. But at the moment, we are obviously facing some short-term pressures.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks a lot. Just follow-up on the marketing question, you talked about in the second quarter the kind of high-intent environment. Can you dig into that? Exactly you were seeing there that allows that add ROIs to outperform in Q2 and how has that trended into Q3? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Kevin Kopelman: Sorry, so if you could dig into the high-intent environment that you described in the second quarter and how – what the drivers were and how that has looked into the third quarter.
Kevin Kopelman: Apologies. So, could you give us a sense of merchandising, how big it could be in the mix or what you are envisioning? And then as it’s become more – is it something you would consider disclosing? Thanks.
