Jeffery Boyd: Thank you very much. Welcome to Priceline’s Second Quarter Conference Call. I’m here with Priceline’s CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the second quarter of approximately $7.3 billion, up 27% year-over-year or about 36% on a local currency basis. Non-GAAP net income was $405 million or $7.85 per share, up 43% versus prior year. Second quarter results surpassed FactSet consensus estimates of $7.37 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were 50.2 million for the quarter, up 39% year-over-year. Our international business recorded 44% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis, down from 58% in Q1. Growth rates were negatively impacted by declines in ADRs, further slowing of growth in Europe, particularly in the U.K. and Southern Europe where economic conditions seem weaker and a difficult comp with 79% local currency international bookings growth last year. Growth rates benefited from continued high growth rates in APAC and the Americas. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply and strong results at Rentalcars.com. Booking.com’s platform now has over 235,000 hotels and other accommodations, up 52% over last year. With a relevantly larger concentration of its business in European countries experiencing weak economic conditions, decelerating growth in those markets has impacted overall growth rates. Nevertheless the absolute transaction in local currency growth rates in Europe and non-Euro markets for Q2 were in our view impressive and attested the vitality and potential of the business. That said, deteriorating overall economic trends and headline risks surrounding the Euro crisis do cause us to be guarded in our near-term outlook. We also announced today the Booking.com signed an agreement with Ctrip.com, China’s leading travel service enterprise under which Ctrip is adding Booking.com’s global portfolio of participating hotels to Ctrip’s hotel reservation service. We are excited about the opportunity to work with Ctrip and make Booking.com’s global collection of hotels available to Ctrip customers. We believe that this will give Booking.com a new way to serve travelers from the Asia Pacific region. Agoda continues to expand its network of hotels and is building distribution as the business scales. They have a significant opportunity in the fast-growing Asia Pacific market that can also help APAC customers with their travel to other parts of the world, over proprietary merchant inventory and access to the worldwide inventory of Booking.com. Priceline’s domestic gross bookings grew 5% in the second quarter due primarily to growth in retail hotel room night gross bookings aided by higher ADRs, and growth in domestic retail rental car reservations. Name Your Own Price services experienced challenges relating to supply for air and rental car. In hotels, Name Your Own Price faced increased competition in the discount space and a more challenging user experience from mobile devices often used for last minute bookings. We recently launched Express Deals, a published-price opaque service that offers great savings to provide greater consumer choice and we will work towards optimal promotion of that option. Merchant gross bookings growth of 23% continues to reflect growth at Agoda and Rentalcars.com. Rentalcars.com was also the primary drive of the Group’s 29% growth in rental car days. We believe the Group’s businesses performed well in the second quarter given poor economic conditions, particularly in our core European markets. We are pleased with the progress of our brands in growing and improving their platforms. Our aim is to continue building our brands by investing in geographic expansion and supply, product and service innovation and customer acquisition. I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Jeffery Boyd: In terms of the Olympics, Stephen, we’ve said in previous quarters that we didn’t expect to see an impact in our numbers from the Olympics and I think that’s still true. These events that take place in one market across our broad diversified worldwide business don’t generally have impact that we can discern. To the extent that more people are traveling to London or not traveling to London, perhaps they are traveling somewhere else, so we don’t see anything there. In terms of the growth assumptions, we said that our forecast reflects the actual results we’ve seen to-date and we’re assuming fairly significant deceleration growth rates from here on – over concern about macroeconomic conditions and our worry that conditions will worsen particularly in Europe which is such a key market for us.
Jeffery Boyd: Doug, I think that we look at the markets where our results have weakened most substantially and those are the same markets where the economic headlines and reports on unemployment, GDP and headlines around sovereign debt seem to be at there worsen. So that’s really what drives us to attribute a portion of the deceleration in this business to economic conditions. And we also see occupancy and ADR trends that are supportive of the deceleration at least in part being tied to macroeconomic conditions. Now we’ve been guiding investors for a long time to look for deceleration in the business given the size of the business and given the very, very strong comps that we have in the last year and so we think that that’s something that the market should continue to expect all things being equal from an economic perspective. As far as we can tell as we look at the reported results that our competitors released and our own results, we continued in the second quarter to gain share against our competition in the major markets in which operate. I think that the competition has had a better result from the last couple of quarters and I think that’s due to good execution on their part and I think is demonstrative of the opportunity – the substantial opportunity we have in these marketplaces that you can have a couple of businesses of our size growing at impressive rates.
Jeffery Boyd: Sure Mark. So with respect to U.S, market share, even though we don’t release total group U.S. North American hotel room nights, we obviously have those numbers and can look at them in comparison to what’s released by the competition and based on that information we believe we’re continuing to gain share in total group hotel room nights sold in North America. With respect to the second question, I referred in my remarks to the potential difficulty for a last minute traveler using a bid process where you may have to go through a couple of iterations to get a completed transaction. And that’s something that I think we believe to be the case notwithstanding the fact that the growth of our Name Your Own Price business in places like the Hotel Negotiator App has been great and it’s been quite successful in an absolute sense. We feel there is an opportunity not just in our opaque products but across the Board to introduce new products in the mobile channel, try to make them very easy for consumers to complete a commercial transaction. And Express Deals is one way where they can get the kind of savings that they are used to with the bidding process without having to go through that, especially if you’re dealing with a small screen and potentially a last minute transaction.
Jeffery Boyd: Sure Justin. So with respect to our reported and sort of guided ADR trends, our international businesses have a different mix of destinations and types of properties that then – and other businesses they are all unique, so you can’t look at what we report and compare it to Smith Travel or another industry and say they want to be exact with the same what we see is impacted by mix and that’s driven by combination type and it’s driven by geography. With respect to Ctrip, the terms of that transaction are not disclosed but you should assume that the transaction will result in a financial benefit to both of us and Ctrip, if reservations are made by Ctrip customers at Booking.com hotels around the world. And we have a 8-K that’s filed at the same time as we announced these other transactions that will say we don’t expect the results of the Ctrip transaction to be material and you should consider that it’s included in the guidance that Dan gave you this afternoon.Justin Post – Bank of America: Thank you.
Jeffery Boyd: Tom, we don’t guide beyond the current third quarter guidance that we gave so I can’t really comment on that. Your premise that there is – first quarter and fourth quarter better seasonality for the Asia Pacific businesses and the businesses in the Southern hemisphere is a correct premise, but that business that we – when we talk about outside of Europe for the global business that includes the United States as well which is a very big part of that other market and that has the typical northern hemisphere seasonality.
Jeffery Boyd: I think a fair way to answer that would be to say that we have seen decelerating growth trends in most of the markets in which we operate and again that’s consistent with the guidance that we’ve given that is the business gets larger, we expect generally to see growth trends decelerate. We pointed out these couple of markets in Europe because of the concentration of our business in those markets and because we believe the deterioration there has been more pronounced.
Jeffery Boyd: It’s no extent. It was a decision made to trade-off advertising dollars for EBITDA. That’s not the way we look at the business or I’ve ever looked at it. We try to drive as much business in all distribution channels subject to ROI requirements which have not changed in any way in terms of policy for quite a long time. We’re prepared to spend additional dollars to drive additional businesses as long as ROIs are acceptable and we’re also prepared to spend at a deficit in new markets, in a new distribution channels where we need to build up tenure or a knowledge base in order to make sure that we can be successful in those markets. So we’ve never driven the business to meet a short-term EBITDA goal and we will not do so.
Jeffery Boyd: As I mentioned in response to Mark’s question, we’ve seen very good results in mobile channels for all of our businesses with Name Your Own Price being no exception, where it’s our fastest growing distribution channel here in the United States by far. And so we are very happy with the results there. We want to make sure that we have an opportunity to put products and product customers that are compelling, whether they want to bid or not, Tonight-Only is a great product that allows customers to save on disclosed hotels. This is not opaque product. It’s pricing available only for tonight. We also offer retail which in many cases is what the consumer is looking for. So our aim is to promote the most attractive products to the widest group of consumers and Express Deals should fit nicely into that. We really view mobile as more than opportunity for the group rather than a challenge. We’ve got the best hotel inventory, both published-price and discounted of any OTA in the world. And a great opportunity with good execution to present that in a way that’s compelling to mobile users. So I don’t want you to misunderstand the opportunity that we have with Express Deals by thinking that mobile is somehow a challenge. We really view it as a great opportunity.Kevin Kopelman – Cowen and Company: Thanks.
Daniel Finnegan: Michael, I will comment on share amongst the rental car suppliers but that is likely cause of some of these new entrants that are pricing at very aggressive levels and that’s putting pressure on retail prices overall in the market.Michael Millman – Millman Research Associates: Thank you.
Daniel Finnegan: Herman on the first question, we don’t comment on our advertising by channel but I did say in my prepared remarks that fundamental advertising efficiency was good. So you can assume that we had good ROIs during the quarter in comparison to prior year. The overall advertising efficiency when you just look at online advertising as a percentage of gross profit was largely driven however by the deceleration in the business, particularly in the back half of the quarter so you have less gross bookings coming through. You’ve got the stronger growth rates at the beginning of the quarter and the prior quarter converting into gross profit this quarter. And so anytime you got deceleration in gross bookings typically the deceleration in gross profit lags that and so you get a benefit on that line item in terms of operating leverage. In terms of Booking.com in North America, we don’t disclose that stat but we’ve said for a while now and I’ll say it again that North America is one of the faster growing markets for Booking.com to continue to add properties and performed very well in the market and we’re very pleased with the progress that they’ve made.
Daniel Finnegan: So our guidance reflects the actual results through the end of July and through the first week of August here. And then we are assuming that there will be fairly significant deceleration in unit growth throughout the remainder of the quarter based upon our concerns particularly in the European market which is about 60% of our business.
