Glenn Fogel: Why don't I let David handle the margin. Though he did -- he just said it in his prepared remarks. I'll let him say it again.
Glenn Fogel: Well, they're really two different acquisitions, Justin. Why don't I take them separately. So the Getaroom one, as I described in my prepared remarks, is very much adding to what we already have at Priceline in a B2B business that helps bring in customers that we wouldn't have gotten through our other marketing programs, whether it be pay-for-performance or brand. These customers are coming from affiliates. And there are contracts that Getaroom had and different technologies they have that by bringing them in is going to get us additional business that we wouldn't have gotten otherwise. On Etraveli, that was a different situation where, as I pointed out many times, how important it is for us to have this connected trip vision fulfilled. And one of the critical parts of it is our flight business. And we absolutely are very pleased to see not only the growth in our number of flight bookings but also the fact the number of new customers getting coming and the number who are then buying an accommodation. Now Etraveli has been powering the Booking.com product for two years. Great technology. They do a lot of things that could we recreate on our own? Probably it would take a long time, would require us to use resources that we want to use elsewhere. So by acquiring Etraveli, we're going to bring that technology in-house and be able to do things that we couldn't do when we were just a commercial partner. So I'm looking very forward to having that close and hopefully, as we said, in the future and then really began to develop a great, great combination.
Glenn Fogel: Sure, Lloyd. Two separate questions. Let me talk a little bit about the payments product and what we're developing and how it's going and I'll let David add a little more to it. I'm sure he want to add some more specifics. Clearly, we've talked about this in the past that one of the critical things is enabling a customer to be able to pay in the way they want to pay and enabling the supplier to get paid in the way they want to get paid. So right way, getting that out in the market enables us to have more business. Then you go beyond that and you see do it cheaper for our suppliers, do it in a way is cheaper than they're doing it right now the way they're doing their payments the way they're getting it through our old agency model Booking.com and finding a way that we can do that in a way that not only improves their business because they'll not to pay as much but obviously, we'll make a little out of that, too. But then it goes much more beyond and that is the connected trip. The connected trip doesn't work if you don't have payments because we need to put it all together in one payment that we can then handle on our own. And particularly, if there's anything goes wrong, we don't have to undo it, too. That's really going to be helpful to us. And then it's not just payments but it's our fintech unit which is the payments people but doing more things; it's coming in and helping out in flexible-type products. People want a flexible product. They can cancel us. Creating that on our own is something we'll be doing more so in the future. There are a number of different things we can do that will absolutely increase both the ease of use, the convenience and enable us to make more money out of it. And I'll pause there and let David, if he wants to add anything more to that.
Glenn Fogel: Then to the second thing, Lloyd, in terms of the connected trip, step one is build out the verticals. We didn't have flights a couple of years ago on Booking.com at all. And as you can tell by the numbers I put out, we still don't have 100% coverage for all the areas that we do accommodations. Have to build that out. Also just some of the technologies at Etraveli, we have a lot of things we can do to just improve that product. I talked a little bit about the attractions product where we had only 10% coverage last year. Now we made a lot of good progress to 50%. We had to put that all out. And then there are other areas, ground transportation, other parts of the trip. So we're building out all the verticals first to make sure we have the supply, make sure it works well, et cetera. At the same time, we are beginning, as I pointed out, about the people who get flights and then buy in a combination, we are doing some of that cross-selling and bringing that out. We'll do more and more. The goal, of course, is to make it so that it is so seamless, so frictionless that people when they're using Booking.com or any kind of trials we're doing, they're finding easier and offering more value. And that value comes from suppliers being willing to chime in to our platform and be able to offer different things that we can then very, very scientifically target at different customers in a way that gets an incremental customer to that supplier. The customer is happy, the supplier is happy and we, of course, make money. That will develop the loyalty, that will develop the direct business and that's where we're going for. And it's the same way in other parts of e-commerce where people don't shop around, they don't look around. They go to one player because they know that's the place where they're going to get the most value easiest to you, et cetera. And that's what we're going for. It's going to take some time but I love the progress that we're making.
Glenn Fogel: Kevin, so I think it's very difficult for anybody to have a perfect crystal ball into exactly what is driving the good numbers that David talked about for the first half of February. However, I think we can all feel fairly certain that there's a tremendous amount of pent-up demand for travel. For several years, people have not been able to travel the way they wanted to travel. Savings are up so people have cash. And I hear it anecdotally. I hear it when I talk to CEOs in the industry, what they're seeing, what they're hearing. I think everybody feels that people want to travel. And I don't think I would just see this as just a little bit of an Omicron rebound is what we're seeing. I think what we're seeing is people being able to travel, restrictions are going down, people are feeling safer. There are some new things coming out that will reduce the frictions in -- further in Europe. There's an announcement by the EU counsel about wanting to suggest getting rid of some of the restrictions. Those things all help people feel better about travel. And of course, though, there are parts of the world that are still having problems. And eventually, those are going to go down, too. So I feel good about the demand. I feel good about the future of travel. That being said, David made -- mentioned it several times, there are a lot of uncertainty still about how linear this is going to be. And I think we have to all look back at the past one. Many times, we thought things were out of the woods and then we weren't out of the woods. And of course, David also mentioned and I mentioned there are some macro events happening in different parts of the world that can also impact travel. So I think we all have to be cautious but optimistic. Here's the thing I absolutely do know, though, the long run. I know in the long run, we're going to do well in travel. People are going to come back. You can't stop that demand in the human being that wants to travel. How fast? We can't be certain but I am confident in our future.
Glenn Fogel: No, it's not completely done. The different countries -- you had different counties and I look at the list all the time. Some places are letting them up completely. U.K., you're probably aware; other places, still some. And the question is, do you need to take a test before you show up or not? If you're vaccinated but you're not vaccinated with an EU-approved vaccination here with the WHO vaccination approval, what's the difference there, all these things. But I think a lot of this stuff is going to be going away. And I hope, I hope in other parts of the world also, that these restrictions around the world can go down as quickly as possible. Australia, for example, was letting tourists back in and you maybe you saw some of those happy, happy photographs. Look, the fact is that I do not believe and I've seen a lot of data on this, that the restrictions on travel and this comes from the WHO and other authoritative sources, that travel restrictions do not have a significant impact on reducing the amount of infections in countries. And therefore, given the social costs, financial costs, et cetera, a lot of these restrictions should be lifted.
Glenn Fogel: And I would just add one other thing is we still believe absolutely the importance of great customer service. This has nothing to do with changing that. We're still going to be doing the technology that goes into the customer service process, our policies, all those things we're doing that. Also, it's looking to the future but we hope to build a very big company. The idea of then having to build a very big internal customer service operation is just not the best use of our resources, our managerial capabilities. This is something that is better done by people who are experts in that and can really do it better than we can do it but we can still provide all the great things in the actual customer service to the customer. It's definitely a win-win.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. We are very pleased with 2021. It was a volatile and difficult year but it showed progress. And as always, I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you and good night.
David Goulden: Justin, let me give you a little bit more color. And I appreciate the question. So we are focused upon, as I said, growing a business that is larger than it was in 2019. It's more diverse in terms of product offerings. It's growing faster than it was in 2019. It has more absolute EBITDA dollars and EPS dollars. That's our focus. We've given you obviously some color where things go in 2022. We expect that we can expand our volume beyond 2022. And we expect that once we are kind of to normal in that final state, we'll have industry-leading EBITDA margins. But beyond that, we don't want to get too specific about exactly what they're going to be other than our goal is to give more EBITDA dollars, more EPS dollars that are growing faster than they were pre-COVID.
David Goulden: I think, Glenn, you did a great summary of the interconnectivity between those two and the new areas. A lot on timing. Nothing major in terms of market impact in 2022. We're still in building mode for some of those value-added products that you mentioned. And market entry where you might see any impact will be more into the 2023-2024 time frame.
David Goulden: And Glenn, I'd just add to that as well that when we kind of look at our customer base and not too surprisingly, our top customers, the ones who can spend the most with us, uses most often are more likely to use multiple things, more likely to use the app and a much more likely to interest directly. So that's the model that we're trying to build upon to build the loyalty that Glenn mentioned. And we do have good evidence that, that is a trend that we can build on. And the more we build value, complete travel offering, frequency, direct linkage via the app, the more loyal those customers become.
David Goulden: So let me take that. So first of all, let's put this into context. We -- this is to do with Booking.com. So Booking.com, we've been working with external service providers for a long period of time. And you may or may not know that when we get to our peak periods, the majority of our customer contacts actually handled by our XL partners. So for example, typically, last summer, we had about 75% of the CS contacts were handled by EXLP. So this is not something new. It's just something have a little bit more accelerated. Financial impacts, do not expect much in 2022. We're still working through, as Glenn said, through approvals and the close process, then there will be a transition period. Going forward, 2023 and 2024, this is more about potentially having the ability to have -- let the cost increase than in the past but the cost driver is not really the driver for doing this. It's really about ability. We have incredible variability in our workload from peak periods to low periods. And to run an in-house CS team is quite inefficient and also isn't the best employee experience for our workers because -- so they are experiencing peaks and troughs and the Korea development is also restricted because it's a very in-house group. So the bigger factor is really our flexibility, giving a bigger pool of opportunity for our employees and then with that comes some cost -- potential cost benefits in the form of lower increases as we ramp up the volumes.
David Goulden: Sure, Mark. Let me take both of those. So yes, the 9% constant currency ADR growth was actually adjusted for basically geo mix, right, so same country. And that is a strong number. We experienced 9% ADR growth last year, again, versus 2019. So it's quite possible ADR is going to be at or higher than they were in 2021. I mentioned what the factors were. I mentioned the fact it was higher than our expectations. Do you think that the rates would start to tail off a little bit when we got into the -- got the high season where obviously, there was more supply relative to demand but the rates continue to hold up. And as I mentioned, flexible rates are still at a premium. But just underneath that, there was basically just higher prices, particularly in the left-oriented, high-demand areas remain strong. So we think that ADR is likely to be as high in '22 as we were in '21 compared to 2019. And then in terms of faster growth, I mean there are a number of factors there. We do believe that it can take together. We believe that there's further growth for us in the accommodation business, both on a geographic point of view, expanding our offering into alternative accommodations and adding on to that all the benefits from the connected trip, what we can do on top of that because of payments because of the fact we offer a more complete offering, thinking about more targeted ways to customize a complete solution for our customers, our pricing, payments, customer service. We think that we are solving today a relatively small part of the total travel equation and the potential for us to solve more of that is what's going to drive more growth, basically create a better product, a better service, have customers coming to us more frequently, increasing loyalty. They all work together to provide what we think is a great growth opportunity for us.
