Glenn D. Fogel: Let me take – I'm going to take the second one about the share buyback question, and I'll let Dan talk about the first one. We believe we'll be consistent going forward the same way we have been in the past regarding share buyback. We are opportunistic. We recognize shareholders want us to use our cash effectively, efficiently, and appropriately. So as opportunities are there, we will be buying share back, but we do it in a measured way. I think the best way to look forward is to see how we've done over the last few years and consider that as guidance for going forward.
Glenn D. Fogel: Well, I think that we continue to do the same formula that we have done throughout the history of our company and it has helped us get to the level of success that we are. It's not one or two. There is make sure we have breadth of property, make sure we have best price, make sure we have the way a customer goes through our path is the easiest best way for somebody to do it. Be sure that we are offering them in the way they want it. If they want to reserve a property and not have to pay until they show up at the property, we offer that. If they want to pay up-front, we need to be able to offer that. And we have different brands that offer different ways to do it. In fact, most of them offer both ways, though not for all properties. I think in the end, it's just continuing to crank out the same formula we've had in the past, maintain good relationships with the suppliers to make sure we're offering them a great relationship, and we will continue to grow as we have grown in the past.
Glenn D. Fogel: It's Glenn speaking. Well, that's a difficult question to answer in terms of how we're doing versus the competitors given some are private and don't reveal how fast they're growing. I can only attest to our growth rate. And while we don't give out specific different types of growth rates for our different types of properties, I'm comfortable saying that, in the area you're talking about, that is growing faster than the overall average for the entire company. So we are pleased with that stronger growth rate in that area. We believe and our DNA is experiment and test. If we thought another way was better, we would do it that way. We are pleased with the way we're doing it. And we think in the long run this will be the winner. And one piece of evidence that I point to is I notice some of our competitors who have been shifting to our method of instantly bookable and talking about how fast they're going to be able to get those to be instantly bookable. So I think that would kind of indicate that other people believe that this is the better route.
Glenn D. Fogel: Hi. So we don't disclose repeat rates, nor do we disclose how much money we're devoting to remarketing. So a lot of the data you would like to hear, unfortunately I can't share that with you. I can share with you, though, how important we believe repeat business is. And the way you get repeat business isn't just marketing type stuff. What you have to do is provide a great booking experience for the customer. That's something that we think we have done no matter which way they're doing it, whether they're doing it online, or mobile. We believe that we provide a great service to our customers and that's why they come back. A couple other reasons. One that I think is so important is customer service. We spend a lot of money on customer service, and right now in this quarter we're hiring customer service people to be prepared for that very, very important third quarter high season. We have to do that right and we need the people to do that. We need to train them now so they will perform well in that high-season period. Because good customer service is where you get loyalty. It doesn't have to be anything that's screwed up in the booking of it. If the customer has a problem, we want to be able to help them out, no matter what the situation is. That's how we build loyalty, and I think that's one of the reasons for our strong growth. And I can give lots of anecdotes, but I won't. But I know we've reached out and we've helped our customers a great deal and I think that's one of the great reasons that we're being successful.
Glenn D. Fogel: We're using the same channels to find people that end up booking vacation rentals. It opens up the panoply of keywords that we can advertise on by having these different types of properties. But the channels are the same. And we have said from time to time in the past that the vacation rental ADRs, take rates and ROIs are fairly similar. I mean, we don't run a separate AdWords campaign just for the vacation rentals. They're part of our broader campaigns and so we look at it in total.
Glenn D. Fogel: So, we're not disclosing the room night data. So, we'll not be passing that over. But in regards to growing the supplier base, 51% supplier base growth in that category is a very rapid growth. So, I don't think we're up to the stage where you have to be concerned about changing property manager behavior right now. If and when that happens, we'll deal with it at that point. But right now just by this most recent data that we've disclosed, over 50% growth rate says that we've got a lot of properties out there to put on with the thing – the way they're willing to do it right now and not have to convince anybody of anything. We just need to get them signed up and put on the servers.
Glenn D. Fogel: Hi, Brian. No, what we said was when we got added to Instant Book, there was a lot of questions back then what was the impact. And because of the relative size of TripAdvisor to our business, it wasn't a significant impact to our growth or our advertising efficiency. And so the same is true now as Expedia got added. It hasn't significantly impacted our growth trend for ADRs with TripAdvisor.
Glenn D. Fogel: You know what? I haven't spoken to enough property managers to be able to answer that accurately or not. I think, we have to just look at the data, and the data is that we have lots of property managers who are willing to put their properties on our system. And as you can see from some of our competitors and what they have said, you can see that's happening in their businesses too. So from that data, I would make the assumption that people are becoming comfortable, or are comfortable, or always were comfortable if there was a system to do it easily. That's the best I think I can answer on that. And I just would reiterate that we are pleased with the growth of our supply in that area, and it is something that we are very focused on.
Glenn D. Fogel: Sure. Couple things, and I'll start with saying we have good relationships with our hotel suppliers. And if we didn't have good relationships, we wouldn't be able to grow as fast as we have been growing or have achieved the success that we have been able to achieve. And we do that by providing to our hotel partners some great services, helping them in areas that they can't do. We bring them customers, millions of customers. We put a platform out that enables them to see people from around the world and be able to try and get that customer to come into their hotel. And I read in the news some things that you're referring to, and I'd just make couple of points. One, as I think we have talked about before and you can do by just doing some math on the numbers that we've revealed, we have a mid-single-digit percentage market share in this business. There are a couple implications to that. One is we got a lot of landscape in front of us. There's a lot of room for us going forward. Second thing I'd say is in that news item, I heard them use the word like monopoly, and I just point out that I have never heard the word monopoly used in the same sentence about somebody who has a mid-single-digit share. We've done a very good job with our partners since I've come here 17 years ago. And we will I believe continue to do so going forward. Every company wants to try and have customers come to them direct and lower the marketing distribution cost as much as possible. We get that. Well, we'd like to do so ourselves. Believe me, I'd love for our customers to just call us and not have to pay any marketing at all to get them to come. But that's not the way the committed world works, and you have to pay to get people to come and notice you and pay for them to come continuously and come back. That's the way it works. I don't fault anybody for wanting to try and bring people to their business directly. I do fault anybody who makes misstatements or allegations that aren't true. Enough said.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And as far as share in the U.S., Dae Lee, we look at the market – we attempt to size the market based upon the properties that we have on our extranet. So there's over 1.2 million properties on Booking.com today. We know the number of rooms that are in those properties, and so we look at that as a proxy for the market. That includes vacation rentals. So in our room nights booked also include vacation rentals. So we see them as basically interchangeable with hotels and other types of properties as places where people want to stay when they travel and we want to give them the maximum number of choices. So looking at it that way, we can see our growth in total, we still have a relatively low share of the worldwide market single digits. And we can also see our growth for the U.S. market relative to the market's growth and relative to what other players have reported, including our biggest other online travel competitor. And we feel that we're gaining share based upon those metrics.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Okay. Thanks, Justin. Well, first of all, for the guidance. No change in approach. Same approach that we've used every quarter. It's a little bit different, in that there's volatility in the early part of the quarter here because of the shift of Easter, and so that makes things a little bit more difficult. I'd say that the market remains healthy. We see occupancy in ADRs are strong. The seasonal impact has certainly negatively impacted growth for Q2. We think the booking window expansion that we have been talking about for a couple of years now is probably all else being equal moving some bookings that would have been made in the past in Q2 into Q1, and even into Q4 as people are booking early. If you look at the midpoint of our room-night guide for Q2 together with our actual results for Q1, it would imply a 23% growth rate, which would compare – it takes the seasonality out of it, with the shift of the hotel or booking window, a shift of Easter timing or booking window. So that 23% growth would compare to a 27% growth for the first half of last year, which we're comfortable with that. We think that's very solid performance. We expect the business to decelerate structurally given the size of it and the long-term trends that we have seen over many years. The growth may decelerate more in certain quarters. We have accelerated in certain quarters. But overall, for the long-term, our growth has been very resilient. It's been a pleasant surprise. The growth drivers that drive – have driven our growth in the past are still there, so the secular shift from offline to online continues. We still have a single-digit share of a very big market, so there's a lot of opportunity to continue to add properties and to continue to penetrate the properties we have more deeply. Our teams are adding properties at a very healthy rate, as Glenn talked about, and we're working every day to continuously improve conversion on our websites. And then we have maintained a very consistent approach to advertising: no change in our approach, no change in competitive position that we can detect. So we continue to invest in reasonable ROIs to drive a healthy mix of top line growth and profitability. The 8% growth in guidance for EBITDA is a function of that top line growth that we talked about and then just the margin pressure that we're guiding to in the quarter, which is less than what we've seen over many of the last quarters where we've guided, and the drivers are pretty much every line item. So we are assuming that there will be more ROI pressure in Q2, but what I said last quarter, that overall we think for the first half of this year the margin pressure from performance marketing will be less than what we experienced in the back half of last year, I stay with that statement. I still feel comfortable with that. And then we're also investing in brand advertising as we're in peak booking season getting ready for peak travel season, and we're investing in OpEx for our brands, customer service people, property people to continue to sign new properties and continue our growth in the future. And then IT people that are working on innovative projects and just keeping up with the growth in the business.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Regarding the expanding booking window, I would attribute that more to people continuing to repeat with our business, becoming familiar with the model, with strong occupancy rates and rising ADRs, looking to book farther in advance and feeling comfortable doing that because they know we have a very flexible model and if their plans change later they're able to change their booking. So I think that's the more fundamental driver there. That I would expect to continue. If there were some significant change in macro or maybe people felt less comfortable about whether or not they were going to travel economically or the ADRs were dropping, maybe they would change their behavior. But it would still be a free option to make a booking and then if prices drop you can change your booking later. So I think that's what's driving that. And then ad efficiency was pretty solid in Q1. It's a mix of what's going on at all of our brands. So we have some brands like KAYAK and agoda leaning a little bit more heavily into brand advertising or discounting to drive demand to their websites. There's still underlying ROI pressure, in general, and it's the trend we've seen for many years now. I would expect to see that going forward too, Mark, until we don't see it for an extended period of time. I would just build that into the forecast. It's what we have built into our forecast for Q2. And so that's what's built in there. I wouldn't – there's nothing that I have seen that would lead me to believe that there's a sustainable ability for ROIs to improve year-over-year.
Daniel J. Finnegan: I see a little less margin pressure than what you're talking about for Q2, Heath, unless you're adjusting for Easter timing. But then there would be less pressure in Q1. So, yeah, I'm seeing more like 150 bps for GAAP operating margins. It's always a balance between top line growth and bottom line growth. We try to strike a balance. From time to time, we see opportunities to invest in brand advertising. We think that's a good thing to do for our business for the long-term. There are OpEx investments that we've come across in the past, things like investing in mobile which have been critical to the success of the business. If you go back to 2012, we were a business that was generating room night reservations of 200 million and over the last 12 months we're more like 600 million room nights. So I think those investments have paid off and we're going to try to make start investments for the future. We're always looking to manage those expenses as closely as we can and with a fast-growing business we generally expect that we can make the investments that we need to make and not have pressure on margins from non-ad OpEx. But from time to time where we see the opportunity, we won't let short-term margin objectives do something that might be detrimental to the long-term growth of the business.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And then performance advertising leverage, Mark, it's all the factors you mentioned. So it's what's happening with external players, what we're doing internally, again trying to strike a balance between top line growth and bottom line growth. So we're pushing into channels where we think we can do that efficiently. There's also the manner in which the auction is run by the advertiser, and we're balancing all of those to try and strike a good balance. What I answered earlier to somebody else's question, I wouldn't forecast that there's going to be leverage in performance marketing. I would have to see that for a number of quarters and have some reason to expect it to continue before I would build that into a forecast. While we have had quarters here and there where the leverage story on performance marketing has been better, in general now for many years, all the way back to 2012, it's been a source of margin pressure. And I've seen it as a source of margin pressure in other players in our space too. In fact, to a greater degree on their margins than what we've experienced with ours. So I feel comfortable that we are continuing to expand our lead in a very competitive marketplace, and performance marketing has been the most important tool that we have used to try and drive traffic to our website over our history and build our brands. We're improving our capabilities with brand advertising, and we look to deploy money there too where we think we can get a reasonable return. Even if it's over a longer period of time because there's typically a lag there between when you spend and then the benefit that you get by having more brand awareness and having people potentially come to you directly, which would improve the performance advertising metrics. And maybe even just cause them to search for our brand or a higher propensity to click on our brand when they search in other paid channels. So I think there's opportunities for us from time to time to invest a little bit more heavily in brand advertising and that would help, but I wouldn't forecast performance advertising leverage until we see that happening.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And, Paul, your assumption was correct on the agency take rate. So you're looking at agency gross profit divided by agency gross bookings. That's down because of the Easter shift. The fundamental take rates are very, very stable.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And, Perry, we feel like the broader macro trends are positive, particularly in the travel market. We see occupancy rates are strong, ADRs are up, the reported results of other players in the space I think we're very strong. So it feels to us like the macro is healthy. As far as it relates to the trend thus far in the quarter, it's a little bit clouded by the shift in Easter. So when there's a holiday like that where people are traveling, what we'll typically see is an uptick in cancellations going into the holiday for people whose plans have changed, and then while people are traveling, they're not making bookings, and so that impacts our gross bookings growth. So I'd say the broad macro is positive. It's a little bit difficult to read because of the impact of the shift in timing for Easter into Q2.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Lloyd, we're not seeing any significant impact on the booking window from the growth in vacation rentals on our site. And maybe that's based upon the way we're presenting them, very integrated into our search results, and so people are still searching the way they would search. Maybe there are some on-the-margin people that are coming in specifically looking for vacation rentals and they're booking a little bit earlier. But we think that the expansion in the booking window is more driven by growth in repeat users and direct traffic than the addition of vacation rental properties.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Sequential G&A, I mean, the key drivers in there would be office-related expenses, so rent and related occupancy expenses and personnel related expenses, travel, and so forth.
Daniel J. Finnegan: It would just be investments that we're making in those areas as we're adding head count and being ready for growth in the future.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And I would expect that that would be an area in particular, Naved, where we would have leverage for the most part going forward. So for whatever reason, if it's in Q1, it could surely just be from the Easter shift.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Well, we don't have a Q3 forecast for you, Kevin. So, I won't say whether the weighting will increase, because that could give you a read on the bottom line. But it will continue to be by far our biggest profitability quarter of the year given just the normal seasonality of the business with the great preponderance of travel happening in Q3 for high-season summer travel.
Daniel J. Finnegan: I'll just add from last year, we couldn't notice anything discernible in our results when they were talking about issues with their website, so...
