Glenn Fogel: Well, Justin, why don't I take the second and then I'll let David talk specifically about ROIs and marketing and thoughts on that going forward. So I think we've been fairly clear in the past about how we view the company and how we believe our free cash flow should be used. And the first thing we always want to see is how can we invest that money appropriately in the company, build out services in ways that we can make the way we work with our partners and our traveller customers in a better way to help build this franchise. That's the first thing absolutely important. And after that, we say, well, we can't build it organically. Is there something outside the company, we think that could add value make things better for both, again, our traveller customers and our partner customers. And the last thing is, okay, if we don't see a good use of that, then we should be somehow returning that capital to our shareholders which is what we laid out the last quarter, we laid out our buyback program, where we had $4 million left in the previous authorization, $20 billion in the next one, that made $24 billion total. And then we said that over the next 4 years, we expect to be able to complete the full authorization. And I believe we've given out some numbers about our buyback now. And I am thrilled with the way we're doing this. But for long term, 5 years, this is what we laid out. Things can always change but that's the way we've laid it out. And I'll leave it up to David, in terms of ROIs, anything you're seeing differently about the summer, I have myself, maybe you see something.
Glenn Fogel: Mark, sorry about that. Let me take that part 2 ways because I know last time, I believe you asked about China outbound then too, if I recall correctly. And so China is not a significant part at all of our very strong Asia growth in the first quarter. And I want to make it clear that China is still not anywhere near it was in 2019 and outbound. It is coming back in terms of overall market coming back but there's still shortages of lift there. It is getting better than it was in January when there was a think mid-teens number of available airlift out of China outbound is coming back. I'll be probably honest with you, we are seeing more growth, obviously, in other parts of Asia. We're very pleased with the very strong growth we're seeing. I don't believe that we're going to break down individual countries but I do see that this is an area of growth for us that I'm very pleased about.
Glenn Fogel: Let me take the second one because I do look at that very carefully to see are there any smoke signals coming out of the market, giving us any indication of any changes. And I have not seen any decline in the star ratings that people are going for nor are we seeing a decrease in the length of stays, either one of which could increase that potential softening in the market and we have not seen that yet. And I think we made the remark about the booking window has gone out further indicating confidence, I believe, that's one hypothesis I want to point out, confidence about the future willing to put your money down and be willing to book for further out. That can be seen upon [indiscernible] is that people are concerned there's not going to be enough availability or they could be considered that prices are going to continue to rise, they will lock it in now, that's another way to look at too but none of those hypotheses to say anything about a weakness at all. And in terms of I think your first question, I'll leave it to David.
Glenn Fogel: Thanks, Doug and very interesting questions about that and I'll break it out into -- you start off with AI, then we went to a specific subset of degenerative AI. Let's just talk in general about AI first and how important this is into our business for many, many, many years, more than a decade perhaps, a machine learning model that really helped us do a better job making sure that what we're presenting to consumer, for example, is really something that they have a higher percentage chance they're going to convert on that. All sorts of ways that we use, very sophisticated machine learning models in many parts of the business that have helped us get us where we are today. Then of course, we come out in the fold, something that is -- the somewhat a lot of people were not that aware of this generative AI, large language models and see what could be done with them. And clearly, anytime there's a major shift in technology, everyone thinks like, well, is this going to be disruptive to the players who are already doing well? Is it not? And I said in my prepared remarks, how I feel very confident of where we are in this because of the work we've done in AI in the past, the number of people we've had working on, the amount of capital we have, our collaborations with universities. I believe that we are going to be benefiting greatly from this new type of technology in many different areas and some we haven't any thought of them yet and some things are going to be easy, perhaps increasing the productivity of our developers which we believe is hopefully going to achieve some very good results in the hopefully not so distant future, to things that perhaps are further away but ways that people interact with us in that connected trip vision, a way that you really do are able to recreate that human travel agent into something that's actually an automated player but is that does so much better than the human being did in the past? Now in terms of your very important question about the data and how do we protect it and not litigate it out and be used by others, that is a very important thing. And everyone from our attorneys to people in our development departments, people who are really working with some of these large language model foundational model people, we are looking very closely. Have they already been using our data and should they be -- and I think there's going to be a lot of interesting regulations in this area that nobody knows the answer yet, too but how will people become and say -- if they're data has been used in the past for training purposes or not. And I think it's a very open question that nobody knows the answer to yet but we will be very interested in the results.
Glenn Fogel: And I would just add, my conversations with our partner, some of our biggest partners and with their senior management, the critical thing for me is, are we providing them with what they need? Are we providing incremental business to them that helps them do better in their business? And do you feel that we are valuable to what you need. And I only heard positive things from all the people that I speak to in regards to where we are today versus where we were in the past. And it's a much more complementary relationship and I believe that will help us in the future to continue to build on that.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So I'll start off by saying that I'm very pleased with how the strategy has been working out in the U.S. given our gain in share. As David mentioned, we have a bigger business than we did in 2019. It's been growing nicely. I really do think that it's achieving what we've been trying to accomplish which is to not be the under-indexed player than we were in the past and we're making good progress there. In terms of the absolute ROIs on these things, we don't break them out by region at all. But I will say that, obviously, we are very conscious of spending money the right way to get the right return. And we are -- came out of the business. Previously, I was in China. I know how important is to make sure that you're getting your money's worth to where you're spending it and we are doing that. Now, I think it's just going forward strategy work and to see us continuing in the same thing. And in terms of Asia, it was not dissimilar that we want to make sure when people are going to start traveling, we don't want to wait until you're halfway down the track to get out of the gate. That would not be the best move. Get out in front, be there when the traveller wants to start traveling and providing them with what they want. And that we've been doing and we just talked a little bit about how we were very pleased with the first quarter for Asia growth. And I think, hopefully, it will continue the same way.
Glenn Fogel: And regarding buybacks, I think we laid it out a little bit. You know what our plan is. You know what we're doing. And I'm not sure there's any more color I can give and we're pleased with where we are.
Glenn Fogel: Sure, Josh. Payments is an important part of the business. I've talked in the past about how it's the glue that brings everything together, along with making it easier for both the customer traveller and for the partner. And I think the growth in the amount of our business going through payments is a good indicator that is working and being accepted well. Customers have choice, both the traveller and the partner. Both of them can choose to use the payments or not. The fact that it's going up to me would be proof positive that people are finding it useful. And I believe in the long run, it's very -- being very, very helpful as we continue to build out the connected trip further.
Glenn Fogel: Richard, look, there's no doubt that hotels, when they are doing well may see less of a need to use all other ways to distribute and get business, then just have to come to them direct, right? And one of the things they're always looking at is what's the return. So with us in Genius, it's really being very targeted with them to make sure they understand how we can get the incremental demand that they wouldn't necessarily be able to get otherwise and then working with them and make sure is this value for them or not. And something I actually talked a bit in the past, I'm not sure on a call but our sales people have worked with hoteliers and talk to them sometimes, well, we're working with Genius program -- the Genius program in or that it's not actually the best use of their money in the best way for the business and told them, look, don't think you should use Genius this way, this amount, this time, whatever other time, etcetera. This is an idea long term, having a good partnership. It's just -- it's not just knocking down the door of hotel, give us discuss, give us discount. That's not how this works. This works with science. This starts with data. This is the machine learning stuff I talked about in the past. This is getting together to come up with a way that we can come up with a better way to improve their business. Now no doubt, as travel improves and such, there's going to be less of a need as the hotels will find other ways and perhaps less expensive ways or more efficient ways for them. And so maybe there will be some place but I am not at all concerned if your point is that this is going to make a drastic difference to how we do our business in the future. I don't see it. I see this as something that's going up more and more central as we continue to develop more ways to provide value to the traveller customer and be able to work with the customer supplier partner in ways that are complementary, symbiotic for all of us that we all win in this, the traveller wins, the hotel winds and we win.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So as always, I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you, everyone and good night.
David Goulden: Yes. Justin, I think it's hard to predict what's going to happen to ROIs that far out. So what I will say is that you can see that we saw some encouraging ROI trends compared to expectations in the first quarter. Those were a little bit related to what happened to our bookings profile. So as we mentioned, we got a lot of extra bookings for the summer in the first quarter, more than we would have expected. The ROIs in the pay channels were better than expected due to basically 3 things: higher ADR, a lower cancellation rate and longer-than-expected average length of stay. So we were bidding -- so basically, that was tied to the expansion of the booking window. So the expansion -- the booking window is quite close to correlate to what we saw in terms of good ROI performance in the first quarter. I've just always maintain the point these are highly competitive channels, many players in them and relative to your question on competitive dynamic and nothing really to talk about is different.
David Goulden: In terms of -- Lloyd, let me just remind you that this is a year that we still expect to be leaning into marketing and merchandising because we believe there's recovery in the travel market available to us. And I think that our growth rates relative to the market demonstrates that we're making progress there. If you remember, we started off the year by saying we expect our marketing and merchandising investment to be roughly the same as it was as a percentage of gross bookings, same as it was in 2022, we still expect that to be the case. Remember, we said that 2022 was a year which we look out of leaning in and making more investment relative to gross bookings that we did in 2019. And that story for us hasn't changed. We believe that we want to continue to lean in this year to continue to gain share in a recovery marketplace. And the fact that we saw some improvement in Q1, as I mentioned in my -- in the answer to my question to Justin, what to do with the kind of shape of our booking profile and the booking window and getting more summer bookings with higher transaction values than we would expect it to get from a mix point of view in Q1 and actually why the ROIs came in better. But we still plan to believe in the industry. And as I said in Q2 and for the full year, we still expect that investment in marketing and merchandising to be as it was in 2022.
David Goulden: You can see that -- obviously, we did significantly better on the top line. And I think the place to go to -- I'd say it was fairly balanced across all regions. Obviously, the price we sold on booking window expand the most was in U.S. and Europe. So that's where we got a higher share of summer bookings than we expected to get in Q1. But you see also Asia did very well. And in general, also exceeded our expectations but we didn't have the booking window phenomena there. So I wouldn't call out any particular region but I will call out some of the differences in what we saw across the regions that contributed to the overachievement.
David Goulden: Yes. So when we gave you some data on the call, I mean ADRs are still trending positively. They're up on a year-on-year basis and they're up in -- across all regions on a year-on-year basis. So we're not seeing any slowdown in ADRs. And when we -- we've been looking at some of the things, I'm sure, behind your question but we're not seeing a reduction in ADRs in any region on a year-on-year basis or on a year-on-year basis. So we see ADRs continue to hold very strongly.
David Goulden: We feel that obviously, our U.S. business is still growing very, very strongly compared to 2019. And we have -- seeing that growth relative to 2019 come down a little bit. But we feel that a part -- we still feel it's -- when you look at how our business is vis-à-vis 2019 is significantly bigger than it was before and it's still growing at a very healthy rate vis-à-vis 2019. So we don't really worry about that.
David Goulden: Sure. Direct mix obviously is very tied to our strategy. Our strategy is to build a better product, provide better service for our customers and partners and get those customers to come back to us more frequently and more directly after we've acquired them in the first place to which shall we bring them into the portfolio the first time around. So it really does tie to executing against our strategy and lots of things that we do, many things that we do contribute to that better products. I could talk about alternative accommodation, I can talk about payments, we can talk about adding flights to all these things just create a better service for our customer and therefore, we're more likely to get them back directly. So it's very much tied to our strategy. It is also tied to your financial model because we made the comment last quarter on February, that we're obviously not targeting pre-COVID margin level because of the mix shift in the business for some of these new areas that we're now focused in but we do expect to be able to grow our EBITDA margin above the levels we're at in 2023 and the biggest driver, that would be continue to increase our direct mix. We'd also expect to be able to do better from a leverage on our more fixed costs going forward. And those themselves would kind of more than offset the pressure from the mix of lower-margin businesses as they grow within our portfolio. So continuing to improve our direct mix is very important for both the strategy and the financial model and will be the major sources to be able to provide some margin expansion beyond where we are this year.
David Goulden: Yes. On the cost side, yes, I mean, we talked about being 25% in the first quarter -- we talked about being 25% in the second quarter. So obviously, that's going to put a little bit of pressure on our guidance for the full year. But what I'd say just generally, when you look at anything that's in the kind of full year view, we've not updated our guidance, there are going to be some -- likely go to be some puts and takes for the full year at the line item level but we're not going to update that line item detail today other than just recommit that we'll have a margin expansion by a couple of points versus 2022. Remember, next year, we said that we do expect our fixed cost to grow more slowly next year than we expect them to grow this year and that continues to be the case.
David Goulden: On the second question, no, the capital allocation plan that we talked about last quarter, that Glenn summarized earlier, anticipated that we would be continuing to increase our merchant mix. So on that piece, there is no change. In terms of where is that merchant increase coming from, just to remind us all, it's really coming from a mix shift inside of Booking.com where we are moving from what used to be almost entirely an agency model now to a much more balanced model. That is the biggest change would be in accommodations. That's still, by far, the biggest part of the business, although our flights grows, it's having an impact. But what's really driving the changes that you're seeing is the increase in merchant mix across our accommodations business, our Booking.com.
David Goulden: We said that we expect our ADRs for the second quarter just to kind of continue the picture. We expect our ADRs for the second quarter to be up slightly on on-year basis. As I mentioned in one of my earlier answers, we're not out -- we're not updating every single line item on our full year guidance. But if they continue to hold at the current level, there may be a little bit of upside compared to what we said on the last call on ADRs. As I said, there'll be some puts and takes up and down our full set of guidance. But we're not specifically updating our guidance or giving you anything beyond what we're talking about for Q2. We'll have to wait and see how that all develops. But I think you can see from where we were in Q1, plus what we're expecting in Q2, things are trending positively.
David Goulden: Richard, why don't we follow up with you offline on that one and try and progress all down? Just to understand the question, make sure we get you the answer. And if others want -- just to give us the answer, we can follow up to them as well. But we'll touch base with you offline. John will call you back.
