John Donahoe: Sure Sandeep. Let take each of those in turn. In terms of active user growth, what’s encouraging is that when you peel beneath the surface, what’s happening is what we’ve been aiming toward, which is users are coming back more frequently and they’re buying more and that then is leading to new users because we think of the word-of-mouth. The market that’s most pronounced in is in the U.K., where as I mentioned we’re growing faster than the market. We’re growing in the mid teens in the U.K. and we’re beginning to see this dynamic where the site improve -- the site experience is improved, our existing customers like it, they’re coming back more frequently, buying more and we’re beginning to see a pickup in new users as well. So we’re far from being done with where we want to go and need to go, but we are encouraged by some of those signs. With respect to mobile users, here is what’s interesting, is they are not pure mobile users or pure website users. They are a class of users who are using both devices. And what we’re seeing is, mobile increases the intensity of the number of times they touch eBay, the number of times they use eBay. And so someone may search for an item on their laptop or their desktop, put it into their My eBay and then they actually buy it the next day standing in line at a Starbucks or they may be standing in line at Starbucks, do a search, put it in their My eBay and actually close it later on their laptop. So we’re looking at mobile as an extension of the ways people interact with eBay rather than being a separate set of customers and so that’s why we double down or continue to double down on mobile, and sure we’re innovating. This RedLaser application’s something that we feel excited about because it again brings eBay’s 200 million listings to consumers when they are in stores and in the offline world. So mobile’s increasing the intensity of interaction with eBay.
John Donahoe: Sure Scott. On marketing, let me first make comment on something you said, I think the marketplace is in a better place than it has been in the last couple of years. But I’m still not satisfied. So we’re, we laid out a three-year plan. We are halfway through it. And I’m pleased with progress on some fronts but also believe we will make a lot more progress in the next six to 18 months. And the kind of thing I think you’re going to really begin to see more of is things are now getting to the fashion experience on the core eBay business. Any of you that haven’t gone into that fashion tab, I would encourage you to go into it. In fact, you can check today the fashion wallet, we have TAG Heuer Watches, luxury off-price watches and you’ll see most of the men’s watches are sold out already, but we’re bringing in new kinds of inventory. We ran one with Brooks Brothers last week and bringing in new kinds of inventory, and bringing it to life in very different ways. And so that fashion application, if you will, is the first vertical we’ve built on our new search platform and it’s a precursor of additional vertical experiences that will come over the next six to 18 months. And so with respect to marketing, the most valuable indicator of if our changes are working -- are our buyers buying more and then, are they coming back? In the second half this year we will spend roughly a comparable amount in marketing than we did in the second half of last year. We’ll probably lean in a little bit. We’ll spend a little bit more toward loyalty, eBay Bucks and a little bit less toward things like Microsoft cashback because obviously that program is stopping. And as we move into 2011, I believe we will be on a trajectory where our user experience say by midway next year will be in a place where I think we can go back to inactive eBay users and really market to them. So a lot of work to be done, we’ve got some tweaks to make in U.S. search, given the recent changes there. But I’m confident we are on track, so to be in the right place over the next 12 to 18 months.
John Donahoe: Yeah. It’s really three parts to our PayPal strategy, Mark, and it’s what Scott laid out at Analyst Day last year. The part that we are being very aggressive in executing on right now is simply merchant acquisition. And as Bob just mentioned, we’re adding new merchants both large and small in all regions of the world and frankly, we see a reasonable amount of run rate left in that. Second, we’ve -- we’re working to ensure we improve consumer preference, which is to say, again, it’s the frequency, the velocity, when I talk about our customer metrics, which is how frequently consumers use PayPal. Are they using PayPal every time they see it online? It’s getting the let’s be everywhere and then let’s getting consumers using it everywhere. And I would say, we’re getting better at that. We’re getting better at sort of basic marketing, basic consumer preference -- consumer frequency on PayPal. Then the third angle that is becoming increasingly important, frankly, is innovation. And whether that is digital goods, whether that’s mobile payments, frankly, whether that’s credit in BML. I mentioned earlier some of the innovative products on credit or whether it’s, frankly, we’re now getting pulled offline by some large merchants who view a mobile payments approach on PayPal as a way to extend their private label cards and other in-store experiences. So as you know, we opened up our platform to help us expand our capacity for innovation. So I don’t see any one area as a risk. I just see a market that is quite large, where the opportunity is expanding and we need to ensure we execute well across all those fronts. And so if you were to hear both what Scott Thompson would be saying to his team and what Bob and I are constantly focusing on in PayPal, let’s ensure we are executing on the opportunities that are in front of us.
John Donahoe: Sure Spencer. As I said early on, as I step back, we’re sort of halfway through this turnaround and frankly, we’re ahead of where I thought we would be in the U.K. and we’re behind where I’d like to be in the U.S., at least on Q2. And so, I’m not satisfied with where we are in Q2 but I do think we’re on the right path. And here’s sort of the facts, as you know, we launched a significant pricing and search change on April 1 in the U.S. In essence the same change that we had done in the U.K. and Germany over the previous 12 to 18 months. And we knew the states are bigger because there simply were a lot more listings that were going to be impacted in the U.S. And so what we’ve seen is selection in core search is up. So the core search engine in the U.S. is now processing three times as many listings at the end of the quarter than it did at the beginning of the quarter, as the store’s inventory and frankly, a lot of new listings came on. So selection is up for U.S. consumers in core search and they’re getting better deals, and we saw that in ASPs. ASPs frankly came down even more than we thought because a lot of the lower priced items from the store inventory now came in core search and people were buying them, so that we felt good about. What did not increase however was velocity? Sold item growth was 5% in the U.S. in Q2, that was the 2 points acceleration from Q1. And we want that to go up. We want that to go up overtime, as it has in Europe. And so we’re in the midst of making some adjustments in the format mix of auctions and fixed price. We’ve brought a lot of the stores inventory came on in fixed price and we kept our exposure auction and fixed price exposure the same, and we’re now going to be increasing gently the fixed price exposure, as well as, ensuring that higher ASP items are getting appropriate visibility. So these are actually analogous to the fine tuning we had to do in Europe last year and we’re already on it, and we will be doing that over the next remainder of the year. And then we’re going to continue on the product innovation in the U.S., as well as, the rest of the world. CSA is our first launch. We’re looking to go through additional verticals such as technology and parts and improving that user experience. And then the last thing I’d highlight in the U.S. that I think, I know you’ll see us a little more from. eBay Buyer Protection, I mentioned that trust on eBay is improving. Interestingly, consumers or buyers that have had experience with the eBay Buyer Protection report significant increase of satisfaction after they’ve had it, because they either got their item or they got their money back. And yet our research is saying actually not many users are yet aware of eBay Buyer Protection, so you’ll see us increasing the awareness around the eBay Buyer Protection, which you’d hope continues to give U.S. consumers confidence that eBay is a trusted marketplace where they can find a wide selection of great deals. So our Lorrie Norrington and our U.S. team are very on top of executing between now and the remainder of the year.
John Donahoe: Yeah. Sure Gene. What we said a year ago is that our source of differentiation, the thing that we were going to be known for was having the best deals on what we called the secondary market, increasingly we are calling it off-price inventory, right. It can be new inventory, it can be pre-owned inventory, but it’s off-price, think about it as the online outlet mall. And our target segments the shopping enthusiasts. And so we picked clothing as the first category to really focus on because it’s a large segment that frankly it’s not yet come online that much and it requires innovation to come online, because it’s almost unnatural act to buy clothing online because you want to try it on. And so it’s already was one of the largest categories on eBay with $5 billion in GMV. We’ve brought a lot of additional inventory on, things like I mentioned earlier, the TAG Heuer watches in our fashion vault. If you go to the U.K. site, you’ll see fashion outlets and Savile Row has opened up a store on eBay where they’re selling off-price Savile Row suits. And Brooks Brothers and others, so we’re bringing on additional inventory and then that user experience you’d see in the fashion tab on eBay or on the fashion app on iPhone is a more powerful way to bring that inventory to life for the shopping enthusiast. Now, I go through that because we will be repeating that same formula, if you will in consumer electronics, in auto parts and other categories over the next six to 18 months, where we’ll go out and try to identify, what are the best sources of off-priced inventory? Our eBay sellers, the 25 million eBay sellers, provide a lot of that. But there are additional sources of inventory that we can now add on and scale. And so whether that’s auto parts inventory or whether that’s consumer electronics, we’re going to go out and acquire the inventory. And then with our new search platform, we have more capacity and more flexibility to build category specific search experiences. And you’ll see us over the next 12 to 18 months do that in technology and in auto parts, and then we’ll just continue working our way down the line.
John Donahoe: Well, it has -- it’s the one where it best illustrates a different user experience, right, which is that fashion tab. The other area where we’re driving a different user experience obviously is mobile, the iPad app and the iPhone app. But these are the first areas where our platform isn’t holding us back. In fact our platform -- we are building off of bit in a way that allows us greater flexibility and agility. And Mark Carges and his team have used clothing to be first. We’re now doing some analogous things in the consumer electronics and technology sector, which is another large category in the eBay, and on the auto parts area, which is another large category in eBay.
John Donahoe: Sure. Let me just summarize what we did in Europe and then what the results were, and then I’ll talk about the U.S. In Europe we actually made separate changes around auction pricing and around fixed pricing. In Germany and the UK, and so we made four different pricing changes across the two countries over what was a nine-month period in the Q4 of ‘08 and the first quarter of ‘09. And we did it because we weren’t certain of what the short-term impact would be and we wanted to make sure we moderated any risk. And after each one we made a series of adjustments to try to, if you will balance the marketplace. The net result was in the sort of latter half, let’s say fourth quarter of 2009 we saw, particularly the U.K. marketplace, which is the first place we did it, start to have a good balance that where business sellers were listing in fixed-price format in volume and selling in fixed price format, and consumer sellers were listing in auction format, which was a better way for them to sell and that combination was leading to more velocity in the U.K. and in the German site. So and it took, is what I said in last quarter. It took two or three quarters for it to really work its way into a good place and we anticipate it to be the same thing in the U.S. What’s different about the U.S. was it felt riskier to do upfront because we had 50 million listings in stores. So we had roughly 30 million core listings, 50 million SIF listings that were not in core search. And coming out of the quarter we moved all 50 million of those SIF listings into core search and added 10 million new listings and frankly, our core search engine held up in Q2 in the U.S. But we held the auction, fixed price mix constant and that’s what we’re now adjusting and will adjust between now and the end of the year. We are always quite thoughtful in search to make sure that we don’t -- it’s such a powerful part of our site, we need to make sure that we don’t overcorrect, but we’ll make a series of incremental changes and that combined with the changes in trust, that combined with the changes in the vertical experiences that I described earlier, are what, the formula that we’re pursuing that we think will allow us to be the winner in the secondary market or off price market.Steve Weinstein – Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks.
John Donahoe: Sure. Maybe I’ll take the first part and Bob, you take the second. In the macro environment, here is what we see and it’s not anything different than what the publicly reported numbers have been, which is, in the U.S. consumer spending softened each month during the quarter and you saw that in US retail sales, you saw that in U.S. e-commerce sales and we saw that on eBay and in the PayPal merchant services business in the U.S. So that’s why, as Bob said, we’re cautious in the U.S. about the second half of the year in terms of a macro environment. The other macro factor we saw, again, Bob referenced earlier, is the -- in essence it was the weakening euro reduced imports to Europe both from the U.S. and from Asia. And so to call that a strengthening dollar or weakening euro, but it because Asia is pegged to the dollar, it had an impact on the exports out of the U.S. and exports out of Asia into Europe. And again, we don’t see that really changing in the second half of the year, although, far be it for us to be predictors of currencies. So we’re focused on -- we’re trying to focus on what we can control and we can’t control the macro environment. We have some caution around the macro environment, and we’re focused on what we can control, which is our user experience and our execution.
Bob Swan: And Sandeep, the only thing I would add on John’s first response to your first question is, while active users were up 4%, as you know, GMV was up 6%, but sold items were up 11%, so what we’re seeing is more frequency from our active user base. Now the challenge is to continue to increase that frequency and also bring back more users.Sandeep Aggarwal – Caris & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Bob Swan: And Scott, your question about top merchants and just overall, as John indicated, we just hit our third quarter in a row with PayPal merchant services growing by over 40%. So we feel pretty good about the traction relative on both small and medium sized merchants, as well as, large merchants. On the large merchants in the U.S., we got roughly 56 out of the top 100. 27 out of the top 100 in Europe and about 13 of the top 100 in Asia. So we continue to get again both small and medium sized merchants, while also getting this lighthouse large merchant in each one of the geographies around the world.Scott Devitt – Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc.: Thanks Bob.
Bob Swan: Yeah. Just, Marl, probably the two areas that we need to maintain massive diligence on are, to state the obvious, are the scalability of the infrastructure that’s something we, our merchants continue to rely on us and we’ve got to in a rapidly growing business we stay way ahead of the demand from our consumers and merchants by having a scalable infrastructure. And the other one is, regulation -- the regulatory environment continues to change here and outside the U.S. and staying ahead of the regulatory environment. So those are the two things that we don’t talk about much but the PayPal team is very focused on continuing to use scalability of our infrastructure and our ability to deal with a change in regulatory environment as challenges but also barriers to entry as we continue to grow. Thanks.
Bob Swan: Spencer, relative to the eBay business, operating margins, the second half of last year we were at about 42% and what we said at the time is we expected that to be roughly flat for the full year of 2010 and that hasn’t changed. As you know Q1 was about 42%, the second quarter was 40% and we still expect full year to be 42%. And the dynamics haven’t really changed. Good productivity by doing things smarter for the most part take rate year on year will come down. We’ll spend more on product and more on trust, with the higher resolution -- the eBay Protections Program. And Gmarket on a year-over-year basis for the first half of the year weighs down margins a bit due to the mix effect. But for the full year, 42% last year and we expect that to be roughly the same during the course of this year.
Bob Swan: And Doug, before addressing the cash, maybe I’d put a fine point on John’s comments. And first, I would say that virtually every metric we look at both external metrics you see and our own internal metrics, particularly with PayPal and its visibility it has to a broader base of merchants and we did see a big slowdown in the end of May and during the course of June. And so that does, in terms of the guidance we provided, while we have some things that we feel great about, the guidance we provided is influenced by what I’d characterize as a cautious outlook on the U.S. economy based on what happened in the month of June, so just a fine point on John’s comments. In terms of cash, yeah, we’ve had this opportunity/challenge for a while of having this strong balance sheet, wonderful cash position and how do we ensure we get that cash in the right place, so we have ultimate flexibility to deploy as appropriate. As you know, we are successful with very legitimate business purposes to bring a couple of billion dollars back, two years ago, $1 billion back at the end of last year. So we continue to look for ways to repatriate in a tax efficient manner. One of the possibilities is, we feel very good about the Bill Me Later loan portfolio and the prospects for growth here in the U.S. So that growth will be a user of cash. At the same time, we’d love to be able to use our offshore cash in our Luxembourg bank to be the source of cash to finance that growth and that’s something that we continue to pursue. And we’ll keep you updated as we go but our challenge is great balance sheet, great cash flows, get it in the right place and have ultimate flexibility to do the things we think are going to drive long-term shareholder value.
Bob Swan: Okay. First, I think your first question, James, was related to our hedging coming into the second quarter and I’ll macro and then deep dive. First, for the most part, we try to -- within a quarter try to hedge the lion’s share of our earnings at risk in the quarter. So we were fairly well protected coming into Q2. Obviously, what happened was revenue relative to our guidance was probably off by about $35 million due to currency changes. In terms of income or EPS, the negative impact was about [half cent]. So the $35 million topline challenges, we had hedged a portion of that and had a relatively modest impact on EPS in the quarter, relative to where we were on April 20th, whenever our last earnings call was. And so we try to protect our earnings within the quarter at the beginning of the quarter for the most part against dramatic swings. In terms of lower full year, the guidance we gave, the 250 and the $0.10, that was based on, we gave you our outlook for the year back in January and we’re trying to update where we were then and where we are now and isolating for currency. And the $250 million is simply at the simplistic level, over half of our business is outside the U.S. It’s primarily the euro, the pound and the Aussie dollar. Those from the beginning of the year to today have depreciated quite a bit vis-à-vis the U.S. dollar and we need to bring those earnings back in the second half or for the full year. It did impact our EPS in the first quarter, it did impact it in the second quarter and through the first half I would say about $100 million topline and $0.03 bottom line we’ve already had to deal with. For the second half it will be another $150 million and $0.06 to $0.07 on the bottom line because a lot of our hedging goes in place at the beginning of the quarter. So full year $250 million, $0.10 in earnings, important to emphasize that the lion’s share of that will be offset by the progress and the momentum we’re seeing on the PayPal business both topline and through margin, operating margin expansion.
