Andy Cring: Yes, Colin, thanks, I'll take the first part of that. Yes, the out year margin rate does include the impact of payments. If you take the roughly $2 billion of income, on a revenue we expect in the $500 million of Op income, that's an incremental, that comes to at about a 25% margin rate. But the two points of accretion does include that impact.
Andy Cring: Okay. And Eric, on just in terms of how to think about slope, I'd point you to a couple of things. One, in the third quarter of '19 there were an additional 14 states that came live, and as we indicated today that that took the impact in the U.S. from what we said in the second quarter of a little more than a point to the third quarter of over three points. And what went live in October were 11 additional states, including a couple of big ones, in California and Texas. So that'll give you a little indication of how to think about that impact impacting the U.S. and impacting the business in the fourth quarter. And then in terms of the year-over-year impact, clearly the full load of that fourth quarter playing through the first three quarters next year will have an impact, and that's what I had included in the discussion around the 2020 guide with roughly two points of revenue impact for the full-year.
Andy Cring: Okay. And on the 700 basis points, the three key drivers, tax rate, OI&E primarily interest income, and FX, I'll handle each of those just with little more detail. On tax rate, our ongoing normal tax rate is probably somewhere in the range of 15.5% to 17.5%. We'll finish this year at about 15% if we deliver on the Q4 guide which is a little below the midpoint of that range. And so there's a small impact from that included. In terms of OI&E, we entered the year with close to $9 billion of cash, we'll exit close to the target that we've been talking about all year, about $3.5 billion. That's a relatively large reduction in cash balances, and therefore interest income, and that will have an impact on earnings growth on a year-over-year basis. And then the final piece if Fx, you'll recall we hedge currencies 12 to 18 months in advance. The impact of the dollar strengthening late last year has been somewhat muted in our results through this year given the hedges we had in place. And as we roll forward into 2019 some of the benefit of those hedge gains will not be in the P&L. So but the combination of those three things will kind of mute the margin expansion and revenue growth as you get down to EPS growth.
Andy Cring: So that is all factored into the guidance I gave. Those have been declining as we've been ramping payments. They will stop at the same time July next year when we start to ramp payments -- you know, when we'd come clear with the operating agreement. There is also data center sharing agreements between the companies. One of the reasons are we've had some increased costs on costs of sales is kind of prepping data centers to catch information going back and forth. So while we'll lose a little bit on the op agreement side, from a revenue perspective we'll gain some costs and clearly once we're clear the op agreement, the payments ramp will be significant.
Andy Cring: Yes. So I'll start in the middle instead of backwards, but the 2 billion and half a billion payments at scale is a 2022 number, if that's helpful. And we talked a little bit about what '20 is and then we should be at '21 we'll ramp until we get to the '22 number. In terms of share repurchase and guidance, I don't think I'd talk about a specific number yet. I'll point you to what we've been doing in the past returning capital pretty aggressively. We're going to stick to the mid-term leverage guidelines of approximately one and a half times debt and below three times gross debt-to-EBITDA. If you look at forecasted year-end cash balance of 3.5 billion with the cash flow profile of the business and maintaining a dividend, it'll give you a pretty decent range of what is possible in terms of share count or up share, buy back and we'll provide more clarity on that when we get to January.
Andy Cring: As it relates to -- I don't know if there is one vertical Brian to answer your question directly, I think that there are things that we can do across the entire ecosystem. Leave payments and ads aside, we've talked about a lot, but first I talked about earlier solving buyer and seller pain points, that's across all verticals, managed delivery will help particularly with sellers offering lower cost alternatives and then buyers having alternatives in the form of both tracking and speed of shipment and then structured data and the focus on aspects as we head into the latter part of this year and into next. That's not to say that we won't have new experiences and new products by vertical and you'll be seeing some of those relatively shortly, but we got a focus on both the kind of horizontal base level of platform as well as the verticals as we moved forward.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, and specific to the first question around -- or the second question, I guess, on priority of investment, I would say, as we look towards 2020, we don't have a finalized plan yet, but broadly speaking I would say our investments are behind our key growth initiatives of payments and ads, those are going to take up -- consume a fair amount of our resources focused on customers. We'll also be working on the managed delivery plan that Devin talked about at the eBay Live event. And then we'll be working on structured data and kind of aspects as I covered, and all those will be priorities, and we're also looking to do an overlay of what else we could do in the short-term to solve buyer and seller pain points on our platforms. So, we don't have a finite list for 2020, but that's, broadly speaking, how we're thinking about it.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, so we're working on that. As we've talked about over the last couple of months, if you think about the managed delivery aspects that we've been working on, broadly speaking, what we're trying to do is solve customer pain points, right. We're looking at a number of different aspects to try and resolve what customers are thinking as problems. For sellers it's making sure that they have access to lower cost faster shipping alternatives. And for buyers, it's making sure that we illuminate that value for them as we look forward. That's -- we're going to have a pilot. We already have pilots ongoing, and we'll expand those as we move forward.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Eric. Let me just kind of take the construct here. So, the internet sales tax laws that have kind of rolled across the country over the past year, as we've called out the last few quarters, have been a headwind. And the U.S., and remember first off, the U.S. business is 40% of the Marketplace business so that's where we're feeling that pressure, and while it doesn't fundamentally create a competitive disadvantage, what it does do is hurt small sellers whose buyers when they see the prices have to pay up to 9% more for their items. So it's really less about brining new buyers, and it's really less about sellers listing items. It's just in that flow, particularly for higher dollar items is where we see buyers abandon the cart at checkout because they're like, "Oh, wait a second, why is it more?" depending on the sales tax that were being added. Now, like I said, it doesn't fundamentally create a competitive disadvantage, but for a period of time as it rolls out across the different states, because remember this is rolling out state by state, and I'll let Andy talk to that in a second, but as that rolls out and as we assess user behaviors, which are a little bit different state to state depending on the magnitude of the sales tax, et cetera, we're just seeing different behaviors. And one of them is, if I will, cart abandonment, for lack of a better way to say it.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, Ross, I'll take the first one. Look, I think if you step back we're pretty proud of our willingness at the Board level and the leadership team level to continually assess our portfolio, and have a track record of divesting assets where it makes sense for shareholders. As I think anyone would expect, this is done by carefully assessing the strategic competitive and operational dynamics for every business, and we've done this carefully and diligently. And it also gets into, as you little bit call out, how the businesses are integrated with systems people and processes, and all of the dynamics that you mentioned. I can only comment that in the case of StubHub we should culminate in an announcement here by the next earnings call, and no comment further on Classifieds.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, first on the 180 basis points. Look, for this year, as we talked about, we had raised really over the course of 2017, particularly latter half of '17 and '18, our amount of marketing spend as we turn, pushing the boundaries of CLV and ROIs to try and learn what type of cohorts we'd bring in during that time and how they would mature. And 2019 was really about just kind of re-leveling that amount, and removing particularly the lower ROI, A lot of that ending up in contra, as we've talked about in the past. As we think about the future we'll continue to look at our marketing spend, everything from brand down to paid search, and really take a look at critically where the spend is, what type of returns we're seeing, as we always do, year-to-year. And then -- and also look at how we might diversify and really expand. We haven't made as much progress on social as we would've liked. How do we spend an iterate there, who do we continue to optimize around our paid search efforts, where and how do we deploy our brand spend, and how do we sharpen our brand message to make the branding efforts that we do do be more effective? And so it's just really around optimizing, but I don't really look at as much of a takeout next year in our outlook, and thus don't really expect the less high quality GMV to deceleration that we had this year to repeat to some extent. But we're going to be pressurizing our marketing spend, to the question. On the digital ticketing, yes, absolutely, this is quarter-to-quarter, it's a competitive battle. Since 95% of the business, or more, is in the U.S. we have to really stay on top of the capabilities. I think Sukhinder and the team have done an excellent job at integrating digital ticketing and making it as seamless as possible depending on the venue, the league, the performer, et cetera. And honestly, I think they've done an excellent job at compensating for the pressures of digital ticketing. And quite frankly it's pretty seamless in most cases.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, look, first off on payments. Look, we feel great about our execution. Quite frankly, we've seen accelerated adoption, as we talked about, in the U.S. Germany has launched successfully. Since a year ago it's quite amazing. We've actually enabled over $1 billion of GMV as we've talked about and as you called out. You know 20,000 sellers is a lot. Now, we've processed really up to the limit that we can for the next six months, seven months until we get to the -- or actually a little bit longer, till we get to the end of the operating agreement, in July of next year. and when we do that we're preparing to ramp after that. And we'll continue to ramp in Germany over the next six to nine months. The feedback, the feedback remains strong. Look, sellers love a simpler experience that's paying them directly into their bank account and saving them money, all right. I mean what's not to like. And so as we continue to expand this globally we're going to be adding more forms of payment like SEPA Direct Debit, like we called out for Germany, and really being in the position of being able to offer more choices for our consumers. Specific to what the Board is looking for, look, I'll just say, right now we're heads down on making sure that we focus on our priorities for 2019 and deliver the numbers that we committed to you guys and to our investors. And then, as we look towards 2020, making sure that we set the company up for success and beyond. In the interim, the board, it's discretion will be looking for it will be out doing a search and we're going to worried about is running the company.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. So, look, it's a little early to be applying on 2020 GMV acceleration. You know, we called out a number of countries specific dynamics in my script and Andy script and I just point to those and we're working plans to make sure that we do the best that we can for 2020 and beyond with investments in marketing and product and loyalty programs, et cetera. As we think about as we think the through the different country dynamics. I look at StubHub like it's an amazing business, right? It's got an amazing seller base tickets to almost every venue and every league for every game and every show in a way that in many respects, uniquely StubHub, and those, it's got a good share. And it's got a really nice user experience that we continue to evolve. And so, we think it's a wonderful asset that we will continue to grow and has tons of opportunities, as a standalone or as a part of our portfolio and we will update you within the next 3 to 4 months at the plans.
Scott Schenkel: Look, first, let me take the ads and then Andy way in if you have anything else. The way we look at this is, is first-off the user experience. I think, we have to be very careful with how we architect the user experience to make sure that the sellers that are only that offer listings that it comes up in a natural search way. Interesting flow, if we don't want it to become an all-encompassing promoted listings only type of search results. That said, there's a lot of opportunity that was called out and I won't necessarily rehash each of those, but from placements to alternative forms of monetization to merchandising and things like that. So we're very -- we remain very excited about first party. In the meantime, absolutely third-party ads, particularly display ads will reduce even further and will provide some headwinds in that advertising number for another year or two, and on a material basis, and so as we look at getting to that billion dollars, it's going to be a balance of making sure that the user experience with our first party promoted listings ad product works great and that it improves the user experience, doesn't hurt it and that third-party ads, how quickly it unwinds. I don't know if there's anything else Andy, you would add to that.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, I think that the user base is going to dictate -- I think relatively clearly the counter cyclicality. I think we broadly view our unique differentiated advantages offering alternative selection and lower prices. And obviously in a recession, we should make sure that we have consumers having us squarely in their consideration set if the downturn would happen. Specific to tariffs, look the reality is, tariffs will impact everyone relatively equally, but we believe that the current customs thresholds may mitigate some of the impact for us should they happen.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, look, I think back on payments, work it back up here, on payments, we're going to scale as rapidly as we can and just our focus on specific markets should let us ramp relatively quickly over the course of the second-half of '20 into '21. And then '22 will be about the kind of remaining markets or remaining corridors that need to happen. And so, my expectation is that a will go pretty rapidly up to '22 to the numbers that we're talking about.
Scott Schenkel: Look, I think what we'll see in Q4 is a continued performance in line with Q3. I don't think there'll be any material difference, at growth rate wise and kind of trajectory wise.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. Look, I think we all look at the growth objectives and kind of capability for this business, particularly marketplaces to grow at above retail, but likely below e-commerce and that spot there, and I think if we can focus our efforts around some of the items, not to rehash everything that we talked about, but items that we've been laying out and modifying a bit and solving for some of the buyer and seller pain points in a more short-term manner, I think we can create an ecosystem that delivers that type of growth for the long-term. Thanks for the question.
