Devin N. Wenig: Thanks, Eric, for the question. On structured data, our current efforts are crossing all categories, but I guess what I would point out is that the category where we've had structured data the longest, which is in part why we went down this path is our parts and accessories business. We've had that, even before we embarked on this journey, we've had that in place for a couple of years. It also happens to be our fastest growing category. So, we do see that where we have time to build a catalog and then build experiences on top of it, in this case for parts and accessories we built what we call Fitment, which is simply the ability to swap parts in and out and understand what part fits what car, that's a great user experience. And each category is slightly different. That's unique to parts. But, we are seeing some of the benefits now come through across multiple categories. I'll turn it to Scott for the second part of the question.
Devin N. Wenig: Yeah. And just on that, as we've said for two quarters in a row, we play a long game on contra. You could buy growth but destroy value, and we've never done that. And those numbers move around. We test the frontier of that, but we're going to keep playing a long game. Contra for us is about acquiring healthy customer cohorts, and we'll keep doing that. On the structured data question, Heath, again, look, I don't want to read too much into any one category or any historical approach. For me, we've gone on a broad-based re-platforming of our data infrastructure. In January, I said I thought you might start to see it showing up a bit by the end of the year, two quarters in advance. This quarter, we're starting to see it show up a bit. And I don't want to get over our skis. This is the beginning. We still have a lot of work to do. We've got a lot of re-platforming left. A lot of user experiences still to build. But there's no doubt that where we have deployed these new user experiences we're seeing either improved conversion or improved traffic or both. And you can just see it in the user experience, it's not a leap of the imagination, it's just a simpler, better user experience that shows how eBay is unique by showing our consumers the broad-based spectrum of value we have in a way that's not overwhelming. And that's why we've gone down this path. And this quarter gives us confidence that we're on the right path.
Devin N. Wenig: Thanks, Justin. Let me take the first part of the question. And this relates back to Carlos' question, also. I do expect acceleration. I would expect to see a significant ramp of the number of product and browse pages. I think what I would hope for – it's not a forecast, but I would hope to see a number over 100 million by the end of the year. I also want to just caution that you can't take 15 million, draw a line to 100 million and say, there's the growth. It's different categories, some of that will be media. But that's the degree of re-platforming we're doing. And you will see a fairly significant broadening of these new experiences in the second-half. I'll turn it over to Scott for the second part of the question.
Devin N. Wenig: First on SEO. Yeah, we've had SEO challenges since May of 2014 when Google made a significant algorithm change and a few other factors were in play. And there's been downward pressure slowly on our SEO channel ever since. It's been a long, slow decline since then. It turned around this quarter in part, because I believe we're putting fantastic user experiences based on structured data into our SEO channel. I wouldn't get overly excited. It was marginally positive, but it was a positive trend. I do expect that trend to continue. We don't know because we don't control the SEO channel entirely. There are other factors at play. But my hope is that we've gone from a slow steady downtick to a slow steady uptick from here. Because I think objectively if you look at these new experiences, they are some of the best shopping experiences available on the Internet. On artificial intelligence and machine learning, some of it depends on how you use the term. I guess I'd say two things. One is, when we talk about processing the data as the second step of our structured data approach, that is machine learning. That is taking the raw material that we get from sellers who are identifying the products they're selling through product identifiers and turning that into a catalog by using computing power to understand the association, the hierarchies and taxonomies that go into building a catalog that tells us where things go on the shelves metaphorically. So yes, we're already doing that. I think that when I look out to the future, we're also planting seeds, because I think that the impact of AI will be much more significant on commerce eventually. I think that when we see now the way large scale datasets are being used by algorithms through things like GPUs and the cloud, to me AI is going to be the next platform revolution. And just like eBay was early on the Internet, was early on mobile. I want us to be early on AI. So, yes, it's part of how we're building the catalog, but I think when I look out a few years, it's going to be significant for a massive improvement to personalization for consumers and targeting to sellers. So, we're building that capability now, possibly a little bit in advance of when that platform revolution comes.
Devin N. Wenig: Yeah. I guess – Thanks, Colin. I direct the first question to slide number five. I think that's the right one. It's called structured data user experiences. And the question was would the conversion hold when we look at the direct channel? It depends. I think for us the biggest question is how do we deploy this in the search results pages, where a lot of the traffic ends up whether it's through SEO or direct. And we're just starting to experiment with that. That as you would understand is the area we have to be the most careful. And that's when people say why don't you just throw all these experiences in, it seems to be working. We've got a high converting, very high traffic search channel. I think that these pages matter in there. They will make an impact. But that's the main artery of commerce. And we've got to be careful and that will take test and learn time. Is there any reason I believe that we won't get conversion improvements? No. There's no reason that I would believe we would not get conversion improvements over time. Again I want to caution, this is not straight up into the right from here, we've got a lot of work to do. I said it was a multiyear journey a year ago. It's still a multiyear journey. We're seeing some green shoots, but it's still a multiyear journey. I want to make sure we don't get over exuberant and say, wow, this is just going to explode from here. We still have a ton of work to do on this and I just want to make sure, everybody understands that. On the second question around brand. There's two things that are going on – actually three. One is, we're clear about our brand. We're clear about what the eBay brand stands for and how it's different and how that manifests itself to consumers. This idea of everybody can find their version of perfect is distinct to eBay, and I want every consumer in the world to understand that eventually and that's our job. I said two quarters ago, we have to sharpen our brand and now we're clear about what it is. Second, we do like the trajectory we're on with these user experiences. We believe that if we bring more people to eBay they'll like what they see. And third, in the second quarter, we began to do some consideration testing. We did a test in the UK, we did a test in the U.S. A little bit of brand spend, a little bit of top of funnel, that was a little outdoor, a little television and the results were positive. We saw traffic and new user acceleration. Based on those three things, we're going to reallocate marketing spend. Don't expect us to do a huge overlay. Certainly not at this point. We're going to take spend from mid and bottom funnel, reallocate it to brand and top of the funnel, and in our major markets, you should begin to see that show up through the second-half, particularly once the summer is over, you should begin to feel the sharpened eBay brand in our major markets.
Devin N. Wenig: On capital allocation. Obviously, Scott can comment on it, but I'll just say from my perspective, we're disciplined capital allocators, and the shareholders that I've spoken to appreciate that and it's a long game. And we don't want to get buffeted by whatever the flavor of the month is, in terms of this is more in favor or that's more in favor. You're beginning to see that over time we're reducing the denominator and that's having an impact. Scott talked about the leverage we're starting to get from reducing the share count and we believe in our platform. I guess that's the most important thing. We wouldn't be buying equity back if we didn't believe in our platform. We do. And obviously, over time it feels good to be buying stock back in the low 20%s or whatever the average number was when the stock is significantly higher for that. That's how you reward long shareholders who stay with us. And right now, we're going to keep doing that and we'll be disciplined in how we allocate capital and we've always said that.
Devin N. Wenig: Let me start at the top. It's a super competitive market. There hasn't been any material change in the competitive landscape over the last six months. It was very competitive. It's still very competitive. With regard to Prime Day, look, I don't want to really get into it other than saying Prime Day was a really good day for us. It was a really strong day of growth for us.
Devin N. Wenig: Thanks. On the first part of the question, it's important to me to drive synergy between our platforms, and StubHub has always benefited by being part of eBay and we're driving hard at that. So an example of what we're striving to do is have StubHub merchandise. It's a perfectly natural use case. I'm going to the game, I want to buy the jersey. And you're going to see more of that over time as we share traffic and as we merchandise and as we drive the eBay tickets category to StubHub. There's a really good complement between traffic customers and merchandising and we'll drive hard at that. On Classifieds, similarly we have a couple of very interesting experiments. I'm encouraged by about how do we show consumer-sold inventory on both platforms? At the end of the day it's a different format, but ultimately it's a consumer trying to sell an item and there's a buyer somewhere that wants that item. So, we believe there's an experience that can get the best out of both of those platforms and we're starting to test our way into that. So, I'm encouraged by the cooperation between the various platforms. And I'm going to push hard at that as we go forward.
Devin N. Wenig: I don't know whether it was better than we expected or what we expected, but I'm really pleased. There's no doubt that the innovation at the point of the product is driving StubHub share gains and market competitive position. Both the ticket pricing engine and the change to the way pricing is displayed have driven clear demonstrable growth. I'm even amazed when we talk about making innovative bets to the future. When we went down the path of building a VR application, we thought it was a little early, but it was an interesting thing to do, see how consumers like it. You heard in Scott's remarks, for the venues available, mostly MLB baseball stadiums, I mean, 20% of ticket sales touched that VR application. That's a big deal. And we have excellent product and technology capability, not just in StubHub and in eBay. And as the world moves to digital, I want to use that to drive a competitive wedge between us and the physical world. So, I feel really good about StubHub's market position. Their growth is going to come down because they're going to hit a growth wall as Scott said in September, but that doesn't change the fact that StubHub is very well positioned in the market right now. On acquisitions, steady as she goes. If we find acquisitions that make sense to expand their portfolio, whether it's tech, talent or geographic expansion or whatever, we won't hesitate to do it. We have a strong balance sheet. We'll be disciplined. But, we won't back down from accelerating on our strategy.
Devin N. Wenig: Thanks for the question. Yeah, it has been launched in the U.S. There are now over 120,000 sellers that are currently using Seller Hub, mostly in the U.S., and they like the tool. And the tool for us is one part helping them manage their inventory and one part giving them insight into their pricing and supply/demand gaps within the marketplace. We mentioned that they can get great data on what's trending and where buyers are looking for inventory in their gaps. And they can fill those gaps with inventory. It's a great real time, in essence, inventory management system for both sellers and in many ways for eBay. Later this year, we'll begin rolling it out through Europe and more broadly. I wouldn't really draw – I draw a closer line between the consumer side structured data and the new user experiences to the quarter acceleration than to Seller Hub, but Seller Hub helps over the long run. And I want to build a great experience for our sellers just like we are for our consumers. And that's a really core part of it is Seller Hub.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, Eric, in terms of marketing, a couple of dynamics. As we've talked about in the past, quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, we'll move contra to marketing expense and marketing expense to contra as we look to optimize our efficient frontier of how we reallocate marketing expense to drive growth over the long term. As it relates to this quarter, our marketing expense was roughly flat. And I think as you look forward, what you can expect is we'll be leaning in on our consideration and brand spend and reallocating within our marketing expense. That's not to preclude that we wouldn't invest more in contra, per se, but that's kind of what we expect in the second-half which is a bit more within marketing expense reallocation.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, Heath, this is Scott. Let me start with parts and accessories and just make sure I differentiate between automotive. I think, as you know, vehicles, automotive, we don't put into GMV, more shows up in subscription revenue within MS&O. But for parts and accessories, we've had a catalog in Fitment for a good period of time and I think you can see through the product experience in a number of different areas that it's going to change over time and how we're going to migrate towards a product experience that's based more on a catalog. And that's more specific and helpful when you search for an item. I think that's a one foundational aspect as we think about going forward with our structured data initiative. It's not, however, the overall aspects. I'm going to turn it over to Devin in a second to comment on that. To your earlier question on contra, year-over-year, we are actually spending a little bit more contra, but quarter-to-quarter we're spending less. And so the way I would think about it is, we're going to pulse this up and down. I foresee it to be somewhat seasonal and very much ROI-focused on testing our efficient frontier on CLV. So, I don't know if it's going to migrate down per se, as your question implied. I just view it as, over time we're going to reallocate within our marketing expense and in the second-half of the year, you can expect us to reallocate it towards the top of the funnel, or much more consideration focused spend. And on occasion, we'll continue to spend into contra as the ROIs dictate.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, Carlos, the way I would think about the fixed price and the auction dynamic is auctions declined 16% this quarter, which is four points better than last quarter. So, while clearly not to our aspirations and not what we expect, if you consider that's a proxy for C2C, we've made some progress. And fixed price was roughly flat or down a point. I don't really view the shift from fixed price to auctions as cannibalization. I just think it's reflective of some of our efforts on the C2C side that we've talked about. In particular some of the work that we've been doing on Valet and FedEx in the U.S. as well as our partnership with Shyp as well as continuing to remove some of the friction from the consumer selling experience, leveraging some of the structured data work that we've talked about.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, Justin, let me start at the top real quick. Total revenue for the company was 7%, up one point quarter-over-quarter. If you just double-click into Marketplaces, Q2 Marketplace transaction revenue accelerated one point to 2%. And the U.S. transaction revenue was minus 1%, which is I think what you flagged, which is up five points quarter-over-quarter. And really that's driven by two things. One, the increased volume, as well as less contra quarter-to-quarter.
Scott Schenkel: Hey, Mark, look, I think we delivered solid first half results. The way we're thinking about it for the second-half is based on revenue at 6% to 7% in the first half, we expect Q3 to be about 6% to 7% as we continue to execute our initiatives. We did raise our outlook for revenue for the rest of the year and for the total year to 5% to 6%. And the thing I would think about is just keep in mind that the second-half dynamic is such that both StubHub has some pretty significant lapping that we expect a deceleration in their growth rate, and PayPal, the PayPal operating agreements, we start to lap them. And the combination of those two things put about one to two points of downward pressure on our revenue in the second-half of the year. But, I wouldn't let that take away from the – look, I think with a revenue guide of 5% to 6% for the full-year, I think it should show relative confidence versus the last time. I wouldn't put a double-digit number on that, though, just to be clear.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. First question on Brexit. Look, at this point what I'd tell you is it's too early to tell. What I've flagged is, we have seen the normal trade quarter shifts based on the strength of the U.S. dollar vis-à-vis the pound and the euro, quite frankly. And the uptick in the UK exports with the corresponding drop in imports, especially from the U.S. and Germany is what we would normally expect to see, but it's early days. So no doubt that we've seen a deceleration of our growth in exports from the U.S. to the UK and the same for Germany. But it's early days on this and we'll continue to watch what's going on with the domestic UK Marketplace as we go forward in the quarter.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. Look, what I'd flag, Doug is, we remain on track with our full-year plans as I said for the share repurchases as I laid out in our earnings call. The additional share authorization, repurchase authorization from the board enables us to do that. And we'll continue to be disciplined about how we return and utilize capital.
Scott Schenkel: Look, to your second question, Bob, I would say that fundamentally, counterfeits aren't welcome on eBay. We're committed to combatting the sale of counterfeit goods and have been consistently an Internet leader in working to stop the online sale of counterfeit goods, working with a combination of sophisticated detection tools and strong relationship with brand owners and retailers and law enforcement agencies. And as we think about that and then the overall trust on our marketplace, what we're striving to do is improve the trust, make sure people know they're buying authentic goods and that, on a go-forward basis, we continue to expand our eBay protection and eBay guarantee that's available in the major markets today.
Scott Schenkel: Hey, Richard, on free cash flow, look it's a bit preliminary to be talking about 2017 free cash flow, but as I think about the underlying cash flow dynamics of the company, we'll generate between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion of cash this year with CapEx as a percentage of revenue at 7% to 9%, and I don't really anticipate that being significantly different into the future.
