Robert H. Swan: Yes. First, just to clarify the great job on margins in the segments, it is attributable to the Marketplace, the PayPal and the GSI teams. I'm just adding up their performance, so I'll pass along your comment. Secondly, for PayPal, we had a year-over-year, roughly 5-point improvement, in segment operating margins. And it's 2 fundamental things. One, transaction margins continue to improve and stay well above that 60% level that we laid out 3 years ago. And secondly, we're beginning to get the benefits of operating leverage without constraining investments in new products and capabilities. So those are the 2 primary drivers. In terms of sustainability implied in our guidance, both for '12 and 2013, is: PayPal's margins will continue to expand; Marketplaces margins will continue to stay relatively stable, consistent with the 38% to 42% range that we provided at the beginning of last year; and our expectations at GSI margins will continue to grow as well, with leverage on existing infrastructure, a better mix with its fast-growing marketing services and the synergies that we're able to generate with GSI's part of the eBay portfolio.
Robert H. Swan: And, Heath, the only -- just to add in onto John's comments. In terms of our 3-year outlook, we raised the midpoint of the PayPal guidance for 2013 by $250 million. I would say that's primarily based on our confidence and comfort with the core business and Bill Me Later. We're still looking at -- inherent in that guidance is a relatively immaterial portion of TPV from our point-of-sale effort. So it's not a -- we're still going to wait and see in terms of what that could mean for the overall business. It's not a big part of the $6.5 billion to $7 billion business in 2013. On your second question, just cross-border trade, again, just to remind you, the cross-border is a significant component of both the Marketplaces and the PayPal business, representing almost 20% of Marketplaces and approximately 25% of PayPal. So we continue to get better and better about managing cross-border and our community of users, both buyers and sellers, leverage our platforms to access -- to take their goods into global developed economies so it's a significant portion of our business. That being said, there is still opportunities for us to get better and better about enabling the great deals from weaker currency markets for access to consumers from stronger currency markets. And that -- and I'd characterize, while we've made a progress, that still is an opportunity for us to get better and better, and we'll be working on that in both of the businesses in 2012.
Robert H. Swan: Tom, on your second question, we continue to bring on GSI clients on the eBay platform. I think we and they are very excited about the prospects of getting access to 100 million users around the globe, number one. Number two, primarily today, we're giving them access to our U.S. consumers, which is half of that, and we continue to work with them to try to expose their inventory to our global markets. And number three, we still have some work to do on the technology and the features to enable them to make it very easy to serve up their inventory on the eBay platforms. So I'd say we're working together to ensure it's simple and easy to put their inventory on eBay Marketplace. And we're making sure that we get it right before we rapidly expand additional large merchants on the platform. So, so far, good, but we can get a lot better on this.
Robert H. Swan: Youssef, on the first question, just full year relative to Q1, revenue and in particular, organic growth rate, is roughly the same so no dramatic differences Q1 versus full year. Secondly, operating margins will be lower in the first quarter versus the full year, and it's primarily driven by 2 things. First, GSI, a much more seasonal business, lower volume and, therefore, lower margins in the first quarter. And it wasn't part of the portfolio on last year, so that will have an impact. Secondly, we will be increasing our investments earlier in the year this year, to ensure that additional feature and functionality across all 3 platforms is ready before we go into the holiday season. So that's what's resulting in earnings growth, the gap between earnings growth and top line growth in the first quarter. That being said, again, I'll go back to kind of segment margins on a year-over-year basis. And what you can expect to see is PayPal continuing to improve, GSI continuing to improve and Marketplaces remaining relatively stable within that 32% to 42% range we gave you. We will be a more seasonal business than we have been historically with the addition of GSI. Just lastly, no dramatic change in tax rate on a year-over-year basis.
Robert H. Swan: Yes. Again, I'm going to take out APVs for a second because I think that's more a nature of the fourth quarter holiday season, and just let me isolate to cross-border trade. To refresh your memory, Europe is the biggest cross-border trade quarter from Asia and the U.S. for our business. And as I indicated earlier, cross-border is a big chunk of PayPal's growth. Secondly, when European currency gets weaker, it does impact, all else equal, it does impact cross-border trade. And likewise, when European currencies get stronger, all else equal, you see an acceleration in growth for the PayPal and for the Marketplace business, for that matter. So currencies does have an impact. All that being said, as we look forward to 2012 and 2013, the PayPal businesses are as strong as it's ever been. We're getting a more expanded global footprint on merchant sites, we're getting increased consumer share of checkout, we adding new features and functionality online and we're expanding our served market offline. And implied in the guidance we gave was that we're more confident on the growth rate of PayPal as we think about '12 and '13 than we were simply a year ago. So we -- currencies are going to move and it will impact the flow of goods for us, but the business is as healthy or healthier than it's ever been. And our prospects are -- we feel pretty good about it.
Robert H. Swan: And, Brian, on the second question, I don't want to comment specifically about GSI clients, but I will say that on APVs during the holiday season, on both eBay and on PayPal, there was a degradation year-over-year in APVs or ASPs as merchants were competing earlier and more often for consumers' attention with great deals. So we clearly saw that on the eBay and the PayPal platform. And I think it's fair to say that GSI clients were promoting heavy to compete for consumers here in the U.S.
Robert H. Swan: First, on the take rate, as you know, we've been moving to less upfront fee, more back-end fee, where our interests are aligned with our sellers' interest. You also noticed sold items increased so sold item growth increased. And when that happens, all else equal, we had a modest increase in take rate. Secondly, good growth at StubHub. And StubHub, as you know, has a higher take rate. So the combination of those 2 resulted in a slightly higher take rate kind of year-on-year and sequentially. In terms of PayPal, Spencer, it's the same story. You saw some -- it's obviously up year-on-year. Sequentially, it's down a little bit, and that's the nature of us -- trial and error with our risk models to ensure we're accepting the right volume in a efficient way. And as you know, whenever we get better and better with the risk models, we open up the spicket to take on more risk, in a real effective way, to help drive profitable growth. So I think you saw spikes during the course of the year as we tried new things. And sequentially, you see it coming down a little bit. We'll continue to leverage our risk models and capabilities to get that right kind of trade-off continuously.
John J. Donahoe: And, Ross, in your second question on user growth and our advertising, as you know, in the fourth quarter, I finally felt it was time to begin getting the message out about eBay, that our user experience had improved enough, that getting the message out was right. We did some TV advertising around the Buy It New, Buy It Now; intended to begin to shift brand perception. To be clear, this is a longer term -- this is the beginning of that. That's not going to happen overnight. I am pleased that we added more new users in the fourth quarter to eBay than we've done in several years in that 6% growth, but we're just getting started. I'm sitting next to Devin Wenig, who's the new President of Marketplace division. He's made adding new users, one of his key tenets, both in our existing markets and in new markets. And so we think we have a very good user experience and we – you’ll look to us to continue to be on the offense of getting that message out, both to our current users, to last users and increasingly to new users.
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Scott. You captured exactly where our focus is. We feel this growing opportunity to be the technology platform for enabling commerce. And I'm not sure there's anything -- any of our metrics change business unit by business unit. But here's what I'm focusing on, which is, are we helping our customers win? So for instance, we know that when PayPal merchants add PayPal Express Checkout or increasingly add Paypal Mobile Express Checkout, they grow faster than their competition, they grow faster than the market. So we got a capability that's helping them compete and win in this new environment. I'm thrilled to see the GSI in the fourth quarter. GSI clients grew 26% same-store sales. So GSI clients grew more than 50% faster than the market. So our technology -- GSI technology capabilities and services are helping its clients win. On eBay, I feel -- just particularly in the fourth quarter around top-rated sellers because the fourth quarter is a heavy fixed price, it's kind of a gift-giving quarter, right? And consumers want to be able to get a gift off and a new item in a fixed price format, and our top-rated sellers grew 19% in the fourth quarter. So if you hear me talking about our senior leadership team, I'm talking about, are we helping our customers and clients win as their technology partner across all of our assets? With respect to adding new -- the marketing campaign and adding new users and what the -- I think you're sort of asking what's the cycle of usage for the new users. To be honest, it's too early to tell. We are -- as you said correctly, our existing users have carried a lot of a turnaround, that they've increased their frequency per user, their purchase per user, so we know they're happy with our site. Our customer loyalty is up. Our NPS is up. And now to bring new users into the site, we're trying to ensure that we get them to make that first transaction, then a second and a third. And as we learn with them, and as we try to market to them and drive that cycle, we'll let you know. But I will be lying to you if I can tell you we understood the class curves, as what we call them, for the new sets of users and -- but we have a focus on adding new users, and we're increasingly confident in our ability to grow their share of wallet on eBay.
John J. Donahoe: Heath, I'll take the first one on mobile payments. I'd say a couple of quick things. One, you're correct. It doesn't include point-of-sale. And the part of mobile payments that I think is very interesting is, as merchants and retailers are adding PayPal Mobile Express Checkout to their application or to their HTML 5 site, or even to a core website that gets pulled up into a mobile device,. Conversion is increasing because we know consumers don't like to enter in their credit card information to a phone. And they see that PayPal Express Checkout button on a phone, and we're getting higher share of checkout and higher conversion for those retailers, and they're noticing. And that's what's involved in the $7 billion. Point-of-sale, the real goal for point-of-sale, I liken this back to what we've done in Merchant Services, where last year was the year of planning and beginning to build the product, this year is a year of learning and adjusting and next year is the year of scaling. And so this year, I look to us to get a product rolled out to retailers, to get early consumer adoption and to get a product that can be rolled out to every vertical around the world, so that we can build another business at point-of-sale like being built in the Merchant Services environment.
John J. Donahoe: Yes. Tom, let me -- I'll take the first; and, Bob, why don't you take the second? On free shipping, it's quite clear that for retail-like transactions, consumer expectations are growing. They want price transparency and free shipping. And as a Marketplace manager, we want to encourage our sellers to provide that. And so earlier this year, we changed our pricing in the U.S. in a way that would take rate neutral but incented sellers to be very transparent about pricing and shipping costs and wherever possible to offer free shipping. And the results are clear. As I said earlier, that the number of items that have free shipping on the eBay business in the U.S. was up significantly over the year, which is meeting those consumer needs. I know there's been lots of questions about what was the impact of that on your financials. Let me say it was immaterial globally and accounted for roughly 1%, less than 1%, growth of the growth in the U.S. So it's the right thing to do. Our sellers are responding and we think consumers are responding to that.
John J. Donahoe: And I think we'll have some -- over the next 60 to 90 days, we're going to have some nice examples of trying new things with well-known brands and retailers that continue to learn together.
John J. Donahoe: And, Youssef, on the PayPal leadership team, let me -- I actually disagree with a couple of your characterizations fundamentally. Let me say 2 things upfront. One, Scott's departure was a surprise, but I wish Scott very, very well in his new role. What I am certain of is the PayPal business has never been stronger and the PayPal leadership team has never been stronger. If you look at that leadership team, we have attracted -- first of all, you step back, over the last 3 years, I've replaced 75 of the top 100 people in this company. We have rebuilt the leadership teams across all of our businesses, including PayPal. And we have attracted over the last 24 to 30 months a excellent team at PayPal. We have no problem attracting top talent. Let me give you 3 or 4 recent examples. Ranjana Clark joined us last year. She was a Senior Line Manager at Wachovia, Chief Operating Officer at Western Union. She's now running Marketing and Data Analytics at PayPal. Rupert Keeley built large parts of Visa in Asia, was the #2 guy of Asia. He's now running PayPal in Asia. Don Kingsborough is by all accounts, or in many accounts, the single best guy in the retail point-of-sale world having built the Blackhawk Network. We bought Zong. David Marcus is one of the best digital Mobile Payments guys in the industry, big innovator. He's now running all mobile commerce and payments. And so I've spent a lot of time with this PayPal leadership team over the last 2 weeks. And I can tell you that they feel enormous ownership over the PayPal vision, that they -- and they developed enormous commitment over the plans and they will not miss a beat. I feel better about that leadership team than at any time in our history. And so I think we have a strong defense there, and I look forward to strong execution by the PayPal team.
John J. Donahoe: So, Mark, since you only answered -- only asked one question, I'm going to take advantage of it and I'm going to get to ask your second question: "So, John, have you tried the new PayPal point-of-sale down at Home Depot?" John answering, "Yes, I went on the Home Depot in San Jose this morning. I left my wallet and my cell phone in my car. I walked into the Home Depot, and it was 1 of the 5 where we got this pilot going. I picked up a hammer and picked up a tape measure, which I had right in front of me, walked into the checkout lane. Without my wallet, without my mobile phone, on the terminal, I pressed pay with PayPal, I put in my mobile phone number and a PIN, and boom, I was done. The receipt eE-mailed to my e-mail account, texted to my mobile phone and I walked out. So it was a beautiful experience. And as I say, that's going to be available in 51 stores later this week. It's built into the existing hardware at these retailers. It's as fast or faster than swiping your card, doesn't require you to have your wallet or phone with you. By the way, for those that like to swipe, we'll have a PayPal card you can use. And so I'm very excited about this. I think, as I said, it's going to be a learning year. But for early trial in beta, it's a great experience, and frankly an experience no one else can match. The ability to check out with just your mobile phone number and PIN is real good, so I..."
John J. Donahoe: And by the way, I told my team I came back with a hammer and it's either now going to be used to begin meetings or it's my new people management tool.
John J. Donahoe: Yes. On larger retailers, here's what we're hearing. Bob and I and others are spending a lot of time with these large retailers, both GSI clients and others. And they want growth. And so increasingly, they're viewing eBay as an incremental distribution channel, one that reaches a new set of users. And so whether it's apparel or Consumer Electronics, if they can find a way to have eBay drive growth, either a post transaction or drive people into their stores for the use of eBay Mobile, RedLaser or Milo, that's the genesis of their interest. And so whether it's retailers like Neiman Marcus, it's brands that are looking at it. And so far, as Bob said earlier, we're in the learning. The other thing these retailers are looking for is growing globally, growing outside the U.S. And eBay is obviously -- almost 60% of our businesses outside the U.S. And so if they can reach customers outside the U.S. without having to build assets, that's attractive. Interestingly, Macy's came and Macy's saw that the euro -- the Australian dollar was very strong. The Australian consumers are very open to import and they're looking for brands. And Macy's opened up a store in eBay Australia. And so they're now reaching eBay-- they're now reaching consumers in Australia on the eBay platform, without having to have assets residence in the country. So that's the kind of opportunity, a need, these retailers have. And we're working hard to try to find ways to use the eBay platform to meet those needs, help them grow their business better.
