John Donahoe: You know what's interesting is I would say 12 to 18 months ago, if you would've asked that where growth really led, we would have said, we're an e-commerce company. And that e-commerce is an enormous market that is growing quickly and was going to gain share from offline retail, and we still believe that to be the case. And so e-commerce will stay -- will continue to gain share from offline retail, and both of our core businesses are very well positioned in that. But the mobile device is absolutely lowering the boundary or blurring the boundary between online and offline. And with that said, this has created incremental opportunity for both of our businesses, really, all 3 of our businesses, far greater than what we would've expected. So on the eBay business, we see it already with the eBay Mobile application, which our analysis says is actually used in stores not infrequently. So the almost $4 billion of volume on eBay Mobile, many times has people using their mobile device while in a store or at least having -- being in a store at some point of the shopping cycle. And our acquisition of Milo is a way to bring that local inventory from stores into the shopping experience whether it's on the eBay site or on our eBay or RedLaser mobile applications. And so that will be one of the ways we're bringing local products and local inventory into the eBay shopping experience, both online and mobile. And then with PayPal, we've had merchants reach out to us quite aggressively and say they want us to bring PayPal into the point of sale. And we see this as an incremental opportunity and a fairly significant incremental opportunity that will play out over the next 3 to 5 years. We think we bring 3 things to that picture. There's going to be a lot of announcements and a lot of speculation about point of sale. I'll remind you that's the slower growth part of the market, but we feel very well positioned because we start with 100 million active digital wallets, each that have 2 financial instruments in them. And we start with 9 million active merchant accounts. And so we bring that to the offline or point-of-sale world. Second, we bring risk and fraud detection that we have today. We have $100 billion of [indiscernible] inventories to our platform with less than 0.2% of loss, and so we are equipped to bring that loss performance to PayPal Mobile, where we're successfully underwriting $3 billion of items and to point of sale. And the merchants recognize that, they trust that. And then lastly, what we're bringing to point of sale is an approach that merchants like in that it will accept all tender types, be they card or hands-free or mobile. And any mobile solution -- our solution will work with any mobile device or mobile software platform or operating system. And so it's payment-type agnostic, and merchants like that because it's going to enable them to help scale the PayPal solution across not just one store or one shop but across nationally all their stores and all their checkout lanes. And so we're designing our product and our point of sale much like we did the Merchant Services business 5 years ago. We're designing it to build the business that can grow significantly over a long period of time. So as I said, we'll have a pilot up and running by the end of this year. We'll have active operations and multiple merchants next year. And I think it will lead to material growth in the next -- the 3- to 5-year period after that.
John Donahoe: Sure. I mean, we feel like we have 9 million partners today called customers and merchants. And we partner with -- when we buy Zong, we're partnering with mobile carriers, we partner with the card associations today. And we certainly would consider partnering with any of the deals providers or others that would be merchants on our platform.
John Donahoe: Sure, Shawn. We feel good about the progress in the U.S. And in many ways, it's playing out much as we've been saying it would as we've applied the search changes, the pricing changes we made last year and those have worked their way in, the vertical experiences, eBay Buyer Protection. And the business is responding much like it did in the U.K. Looking out in the second half of the year, I think what you see is a bit of an acceleration of innovation. And so whether it's mobile, commerce and increasingly getting into different mobile environments, whether it's changes in our vertical experiences. I don't know if you've been to our Consumer Electronics segment, but the product base experience has now been rolled out from what was 3 subcategories, which were MP3 players, DVDs and GPS devices now to 30% to 40% and rising of the consumer electronics and consumers like that. And then our auto parts experience it growing. So the technology, Mark Carges has done a great job in our technology in a place where we can enter rate faster. And cart [ph] is available. We've got it completely developed and it's now roughly in by 10% of the U.K., 2% to 5% of the U.S. and we are rolling it out carefully because it turns out that while consumers like cart, some consumers like the cart, where we can cross merchandise, other consumers like buying directly from the product page. The main thing that'll be different, however, in the second half is we're going to increase our marketing investment. I said for now a couple of years that we're holding off increasing marketing and focusing on our current customers until we get a user experience to the place where we feel it's ready, and we feel like we've passed that point now. And so we'll be increasing our marketing expenditure second half of the year both to reraise the visibility of our brand and engage our buyers. You'll see us on TV in late Q3 and Q4 in the U.S. And we think that will have benefits for the business. And that's both in the U.S. as well as in Europe.
John Donahoe: Colin, what's interesting is we've stopped trying to worry about how much the mobile is incremental versus not for the simple reason that what we see as consumers are using mobile as just another device that when you look at -- what consumer behavior is doing is often they'll use a laptop and an iPad and a mobile device in a purchasing transaction. And so what the mobile device is really doing and the real value is it allows eBay to be present and available to consumers 7 days a week, 24 hours a day, whether they're standing in an offline store or whether they're sitting on their couch at home watching TV or whether they're sitting with their laptop. So we know that people that use our mobile devices, there are 45 million of them now, are 4 times as active as those that don't. And so we know it increases customer engagement. And so we feel like its expanding both the pie that we have to play in as well as deepening our engagement. And we don't think about it as a mobile or online. We think of it almost as a multiplier. Interestingly would be that we're seeing a little bit of a similar thing in motors. I mentioned that this motors app, I'm just stunned by how much early traction it got because motors buyers, at least motors enthusiasts, love browsing our motors inventory. And I'd break motors into 2 parts. Our Auto Parts businesses is absolutely doing fabulously. We've added an enormous amount of inventory in the Parts business and it's got real traction. It's a much better user experience. If you haven't seen it, it allows you to store your cars that you want to filter the parts for. And then the Vehicles business is as a business, to some extent, a business that has uneven performance or uneven demand around the world. We're seeing a little stronger performance in Europe, where we have Mobile, and a strong motor classifieds footprint. We're seeing decent motors transaction performance in the U.K. And in the U.S, it's kind of fair, I would say. And the thing I'll remind you about our Motors businesses is it's a mix of transaction and lead generation. And so we're trying to get to a point where we are basically indifferent between whether it's a transaction or a lead generation. So GMV I think will continue to be modest, GMV growth. We're focusing, though, to just getting in the flow of the vehicles transactions.
John Donahoe: Yes, and there's 2 parts to that, Colin. One is consumers listings are going up because you can do a listing with your mobile device in a minute. And so we're seeing more long-tail consumer listings. And then the second thing that we're just beginning to see is, and I think the GSI folks are telling us could be a real opportunity, is you could see people in retail stores beginning to lift their liquidation inventory on eBay. And so again that mobile device gives them a tool to lift and shift from a store and allow local store managers even in big chains to be making decisions about having another distribution channel. And so the mobile device is clearly another avenue or channel, if you will, for retailers, big and small.
John Donahoe: And Ross, on the mobile payments question and NFC, our perspective is that the people that are really going to drive this at the end of the day are going to be the merchants. And in particular, the merchants, the large-scale merchants who drive 80% of the point-of-sale spend. That's grocery, that's drugs, that's clothing. And while I think there'll be experimentation with NFC, I don't think you're going to see widespread adoption of NFC in the large merchants for quite a while until there are standards. In fact, I was with a large merchant last week who described NFC as not for commerce. Simply because when you're a large merchant and you have 500 stores and 14 checkout lanes per store, you want 0 friction at checkout and point of sale. And they're not going to allow anything that has friction, no proprietary systems. So we're building solutions that work for their internet-enabled devices, their internet-enabled card readers and can handle card or mobile of all types of technologies. And I think it's a long way away before any major merchant accepts anything proprietary. In terms of the wallet, again, our starting point is we have 100 million active wallets in the cloud with each 2 financial instruments. And I don't know if you call that the de facto wallet or not, but I think it is an enormous advantage and starting point as we enter in to what is going to be an emerging point-of-sale environment.
John Donahoe: Spencer, on your first question, the online/offline in monetization, here's how we think about it. We feel very fortunate in that in the highest growth segment of this, which is online, a part that's gaining share and when you add online and mobile, we have proven monetization business or models with proven -- business models with monetization approaches that are gaining traction and share. And that's sort of the foundation of our forecast and that's frankly the only thing we've included in any of the forecasts and outlook we gave in our Investor Day earlier this year. We said we'd become a $15 billion company and that was without any offline business in those forecasts. So we view offline as new incremental opportunity that's still in its early days. Exactly how it will monetize? That, we don't know. Milo, our focus on Milo is getting traction, getting it into the eBay mobile app, getting it into RedLaser, getting it onto eBay and generating consumer engagement with it. Consumers like it. And once we get consumer engagement with it, we can look at how we monetize; be it lead generation or otherwise. PayPal is a little more straightforward that to the extent PayPal and when PayPal gets pulled into the offline world, it will monetize much the same way it does today so it doesn't really need a new monetization model.
John Donahoe: Mark, on the user growth, it is, frankly, I think just a function of better, improved experience and word-of-mouth that's coming from improved experience. And so there's no particular thing we've done in any of the past previous quarters to try to grow user growth. And as I said, we all begin stepping up ourselves on marketing expense and investment in that, both to around our brand and around come back and try eBay again to win active users. One area I do also think there's going to be an interesting source of new user growth over the next, I don't know if it's the next 1 to 2 quarters, but certainly over the next 12 to 18 months, is the impact mobile can have, both in our existing markets and in new markets. We, as you know, in many emerging markets around the world, more and more consumers are coming online, be it for the first time with a computer or with a smartphone. And with a global platform like eBay has and a strong cross-border capability, we believe there's a great opportunity to have a transaction on eBay, eBay's global platform be the first e-commerce transaction that many people in some of these emerging markets have. So I think that's going to offer -- we're stepping up our focus on those and that will offer a source of new users over the next, again, more on the 12- to 18-month timeframe rather than 1 to 2 quarters.
Robert Swan: Ken, the only other thing I'd add is as John mentioned in his prepared remarks, our Milo, Where, RedLaser, Critical Path Software teams are not waiting for a PayPal point-of-sale product. They are out gaining traction with large merchants and retailers today. So they're not waiting for PayPal's point of sale. They're out there getting traction as we speak.
Robert Swan: On the second question, first, the transaction that lowered transaction cost related to debit will flow through the transaction expense line that we give you on a quarterly basis. So the 111 bps for Q2 all else equal when Durbin gets implemented in the fourth quarter, you should expect that to come down. In terms of our guidance for the rest of the year, we said there's -- let's just isolate the GSI because that's the primary driver on both revenue and profitability. When we announced the deal back earlier this year and we said our expectations would be essentially EPS neutral on a non-GAAP basis for 2011. Today, what we're saying is that we expect revenues to be roughly $550 million, generating about $0.01 of EPS. So a little bit better than we expected back when we announced the deal despite the fact that we will be making higher investments to rollout the V11 platform. So a little bit better than we said at the time, relatively modest impact on non-GAAP EPS guidance for the full year.
Robert Swan: We're expecting the first launch late in the third quarter. John has had the opportunity to go around with Chris and see a lot of the GSI clients and demo-ed the V11 platform. And I'd say the tech team at GSI has done a really nice job in building out that platform, working out the kinks and we're excited to get the first one launched here at the end of Q3.
Robert Swan: If I can add a little more color on Marketplaces margins, as I indicated, they were down to about 150 basis points. The dynamics I mentioned, a slightly lower take rate, and that was offset by productivity. Secondly, a slight mix degradation because the high growth Classifieds and StubHub businesses are lower margin than the core eBay business. But those essentially kind of offset each other, and then the primary change was simply the acquisitions that we did that weighed down on margins.
Robert Swan: Spencer, on the Marketplaces' segment margins in the second half, it will, as John said, slightly higher sales and marketing expense. And it will be higher, but it will be slight. And therefore, the dynamics of Marketplaces' segment margins will go the traditional pattern of first quarter and fourth quarter being highest, Q2 and Q3 being lowest. So I would expect Q3 to likely be marginally lower than Q2 and then it will accelerate in the fourth quarter.
Robert Swan: Mark, on the guidance question, I'll characterize it as follows: first half revenue growth, up of 20%; second half revenue growth, up 30%; raised overall revenue guidance by $700 million, $550 million acquisition, $150 million operations. On the operation side, I would think about roughly $100 million having come from the second quarter if you strip out FX and acquisitions, and roughly $50 million more of operational revenue, stronger Marketplace, stronger PayPal performance coming in the second half of the year. So all in all, just to recap, strong first half growth going up to 30% top line growth in the second half, good operational momentum through the first 6 months and stepping up our guidance in the second half to reflect both that momentum in Q2 outperformance and the acquisitions we did as things striking the portfolio.
Robert Swan: On the first one, it's not in the deck. I think my recollection is that you ask this every quarter, maybe every other one, Scott. I think I give you the same answer. Yes, I would say overall that globally, we looked at e-commerce rates of growth roughly 10% to 12% in the markets that we serve around the world, and Merchant Services TPV up 37%. So if the clients that use PayPal are growing faster than overall rates of growth, we'd like to think PayPal has something to do with that. And we continue to add new clients, small, medium and large into the backlog. In terms of the Top 100 merchants, I think in the U.S, we got 62 out of the top 100; Europe, 35; and in Asia, it's between 15 and 17. I don't remember what. But that's the penetration and we made progress kind of every step of the way, including the progress that we're making on GSI's clients that increasingly are adopting PayPal as the way to pay in the checkout close.
