Jamie Iannone: Yeah. I'll take that. First on the categories, it really is about both leading into the high-value buyers that are on the platform, as well as attracting new buyers in. If you look at what we're doing in watches and sneakers or -- this quarter we announced what is the cross-category nature of shopping.  So, if we acquire a buyer into a handbag, who buys a handbag over $500, they actually end up spending $5,000 dollars in other categories outside of handbags on the site. So, when we think about acquisition, it's not just acquiring it for that category, it's acquiring it more broadly for eBay. That's one of our significant benefits.  Excited because we've expanded categories this quarter, we brought our sneakers authentication program to Germany. We brought watches to the UK business, and we launched handbags in the U.S. in terms of that product.  From a certified refurbished, we added new brands, [Indiscernible] [Indiscernible] and expanded number of products there, and that's exciting coming into holiday. On your question on marketing, we've really shifted our marketing.  I think traditionally we've been a mostly lower funnel with some broad-based campaigns on upper funnel, really driving into how do we inquire high -- acquire high-value buyers and high-value enthusiast in specific verticals.  So, what that means is a whole lot more of upper funnel marketing partnerships, leaning in with social media influencers in certain categories, and basically going much broader with our marketing plans to find those buyers where they are. And I guess the last thing I'd say is we're really focused on the first 90-day experience on eBay.  Many times, in my career, I've done this where you really get focused on how do you introduce them to the brand, bring them up to life cycle, make sure that they turn into the high-value buyers that we want to do. And that's going to be a continued focus for us over the coming quarters.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks for the question, Colin. So, we do talk a lot about the vertical expansion and focus category work that we're doing and we're excited for what's happening there. If you actually step back and look at it, the vast majority of our resources are actually going to site-wide initiatives across the board.  And I'd point to a couple of, one is obviously our ad business, and a lot of investment there across-the-board, especially with the 3 new products that we're at the beginning of launching. Obviously, payments, huge initiative. But other areas that we haven't talked a lot about, like eBay stores.  So, working on a next-gen experience in eBay stores, incorporating videos, so allowing sellers to tell their story from that perspective. But a more CRM tool capability so that sellers can be more involved in how we bring buyers back to the platform and drive that repeat business.  So, the stat I just mentioned earlier about, we launched it 6 months ago, but now sellers are funding the coupons to drive buyers back to the site from past buyers or interested buyers. And that's a huge benefit for sellers and a huge benefit for eBay because we're involving them and driving them, and already 2.5 million buyers have used that in that time period.  And so, we're also testing a new selling experience. You -- if you're on the site, you'll see that there's a beta out there of a new way to sell. So most of the -- the vast majority investments are going to horizontal. But what I like is it's a compliment.  Because some of those horizontal lean into some of the vertical work that we're doing in the vertical work and focus categories. Some of the things that we're building for a given category, we're able to use in a number of categories across the site. The 2 also play together well. Steve I'll let you take the second part of the question.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. On the new Promoted Listings offerings, let me just explain the 3 in details. The first one which is Express, is really to give us a Promoted Listings product against auctions. Since we launched this product 5 years ago, it's really only applied to fixed price. And so, this opens up your wallet smaller format at the site of format that has not been open to advertising before.  Promoted Listings Express is a C2C -based product. Gives sellers the opportunity to drive more velocity, goes after a different type of marketing budget for that perspective and given us the opportunity to work with a secondary and supplementary advertising format.  And the third is off eBay advertising, and that's using the vast marketing reach that eBay does today, partnering with our sellers to drive advertising as part of that off eBay outreach to bring existing buyers and new buyers back to the platform.  I will say for you is that it's early days on these 3 products. If you look back, we started our ad business 5 years ago and we've grown to a billion dollars now over 5 years. So, we're at the point now where we're testing, we're learning.  We've got invited sellers into the program. And just like it took us time to build up the CPA based program, I think it will take us time here to build up the advertising program. In terms of penetration, we still have a lot of opportunity left, both in terms of the sellers and Listings.  I believe the last that we shared was that only 400 million of the Listings have advertising associated with them. So, there's a lot of opportunity for additional penetration. I'll let Steve take the second question about how we're thinking about the future.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Let me start with U.S. versus international. First off, let me say, I'm really pleased with the momentum we're seeing in the overall business. We're growing at 9% year-over-two-year basis, based on the strategic vision we impacted by mobility returning to really pre-COVID levels, coupled with an unprecedented in snapback in travel and leisure activities in Europe. In addition, as Steve mentioned a little bit earlier, our international cross-port trade.  Trade sellers were also pressured by supply chain disruptions that tends to be more in our international segment from across border perspective than in our U.S. segment. On the other hand, in the U.S., we've seen strong growth driven by momentum in our core business. To your question on the focus categories, it's not a structural change. We actually think the work we're doing applies across the whole globe, it's really a timing thing.  In most of these areas, we actually roll them out in the U.S., get them perfected here and then expand them internationally. For example, Sneakers is just now launching this quarter in Germany, we launched watches in the U.S. We just started that expansion in the UK this quarter, handbags we just launched in the U.S. and that hasn't expanded yet.  So, it's really a timing thing, but we think the playbook that we have is relevant in every single market that we have. Probably with the exception of trading cards and collectibles. That's just so much stronger in the U.S. than it is internationally, but that's a huge U.S. benefit and a lot of the pieces that we're doing there are our key focus for that.  But overall, feel great about the health of the business and our ability to expand those focus categories internationally. On your second question on P&A, we haven't disclosed the size of the business, but I will say that if you just step back and look at the market, we're in a leading position in P&A, especially in UK and in Germany.  It's a very strong category and a very strong franchise there. It's the key part of our path that we talked about last quarter, of going from 10% of the site to 20% of the site. It's a strong category for eBay because of the vastness of parts and accessories that we have.  We actually do a fairly good job with fitment. I talked last quarter about my garage feature and how we've expanded that internationally, which helps with fitment. We also recently announced a motorcycle parts finder in that business.  And it tends to help and be benefit also from a cross-border trade. To give you a sense of scale, we've got hundreds of millions of listings in our parts business. And what I'm excited by is one of the first evolutions that we did was take all of that inventory and make it available on our motor’s app, which is a dedicated separate app for vehicle enthusiasts.  And now you've got vehicles and parts and accessories in a One Stop Shop from that perspective. So, you'll continue to hear further updates from us about that category. It's our next big category focus and one where we're coming into it from a position of strength.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. First on the friction, the whole idea of bringing commerce and payments together gives us great opportunities to remove friction. So, on the selling side, people now only have to set up for single account and get selling.  All of their claims are managed in one place. Tons of benefits from there. One of the ones that I'm really excited by is that since I worked at eBay, the last time starting in 2001, unpaid items have been on this platform forever.  And so now, we've eliminated it and fixed-price virtually. We're doing so in best offer. And so, sellers won't have to face that issue, and it takes friction out of the platform. On the buy-side, it allows us to open up new opportunities for different forms of payments.  Clearly, we've already integrated Apple Pay and Google Pay, but we launched the partnership with After pay in our Australia business for buy now, pay later. After pay is a very strong brand in that market. And that's bringing us new customers. It's already at 10% of our business there. And we're continuing to look at new opportunities for forms of payment for our buyers.  Secondarily is on the seller financing -- payments through the business. So, like I said in the call, the way I look at it, the migration is complete, but we're just getting started in terms of the opportunity of what we can do with commerce and payments together in a single flow -- in a single experience.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. On the first question, on auction by density, no, we're not seeing an impact from that. Frankly, that format has actually been really strong because of the strength we're seeing collectibles where it tends to be a more used format.  And I'm excited that we are starting to launch Express because that will give our auction sellers the ability to drive some more visibility for them and then to have a tool that they haven't been able to use before. In terms of the shipping services, this has been a constant march for us.  Last year, we expanded in the U.S. to have USPS, UPS and FedEx in there and did the same thing with Royal Mail and Australia Post to greatly exceed the amount of tracking. On the specific shipping test that's going on, now, it's kind of too early to tell. What I would say in general is how to think about this, Brian, is I'm trying to get the whole Company focused on how do we make things as simple and as easy to do on the platform.  So, what we're doing with our new seller flows, with computer vision and trading cards is how do we take all of the work out of the listing process. We're trying to do the same type of thing with our sellers and the stores product and making it really easy to get that setup on the platform. Shipping is one of those areas where there's an opportunity to take a lot of the friction out.  The new partnerships that we've created, the integrated tracking, the smoother returns process is all part of this evolution of just make the whole platform so much easier to use. And so, we'll keep you posted on how these tests roll out, but I'm happy with the progress so far.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. On your first question, it's a very early test in pilot that we're doing. But the idea is we want buyers to be able to see in real detail, the actual item that they're going to be buying. So, you're going to see us launching a couple of sneakers in the coming weeks using this. It's a very early pilot that we're doing with Select Sellers.  But it's all about building trust on the platform. I bought a $4 thousand OBO on the platform last year and it was great. I can see a lot of images, but the opportunity to really get in there in 3D and then see what a [Indiscernible] product looks like is an interesting opportunity. So, like I said, it's very real, you will start to see some products that we had.  I'm using that technology, but I'm -- what I'm excited by is, like the innovation in computer vision, we're using our AI resources and computer vision resources here to do some interesting things that over time, I think will really change the buying experience on eBay. To your question on C2C, it looks pretty consistent in terms of them coming on to the platform continuing to list, and then turning into buyers. You know what I'd say is -- the other thing is that a lot of our business sellers actually started out as C2C sellers.  So, it's another reason we lean in there. I was visiting with a seller years ago. He had an extra set of tires, sold them on eBay, and then just started selling a couple of more things in tires and [Indiscernible] that's helped a lot of our B2C sellers actually get their start on the platform.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. On the first one, the off eBay advertising product, let me separate that from the affiliate advertising we do [Indiscernible] -- form and be an affiliate. But the 2 definitely work hand-in-hand together. The whole vision there is really connecting enthusiasts to sellers.  So being out on the platforms where those enthusiasts star and letting our sellers partake in that advertising type thing by putting really interesting items in front of those enthusiasts of driving that marketing, because eBay has been doing this marketing. And when we do it in cooperation with our sellers it gives us a really broad reach.  For sellers It gives them another tool as well, to take all the great inventory that they have on eBay and put it out in front of sellers. And various communities, to really drive that traffic to their business on eBay. I'll let Steve take the second one and maybe I'll maybe I'll add on a bit
Jamie Iannone: Actually, it ties in well with your first question, Dan, about the off eBay advertising product is, how do we make sure we're in those places where actually going to apply those high-value enthusiasts.  And putting our -- but much more focus on how we turning buyers in the high-value enthusiasts, and how we're altering our marketing plans so that were out there actually acquiring them onto the platform, because that's what drives the real health of the businesses, is the growth of those high-value buyers and how we're doing in connecting those enthusiasts. So good question because the 2 really tie together.
Steve Priest: Yeah thank you Jamie. Hi, Colin. Continue to lie out. We will not only move the focus categories but also the momentum alliance. So, payments and ounces have gone forward. On a year over 2 bases, if you think about on a standby year-over-year we're obviously lapping a pandemic. On a year over 2 bases, we're seeing mid-to-high single-digit growth compared to Q4, 2019. I think as a [Indiscernible]  First of all, a holiday perspective around Q4 is embedded in the guide. From a headwind perspective, in the prepared comments we had, we talked about supply chain pressure for cross-border trade that we see on one side, but in terms of a tailwind, obviously, eBay is well known for unique and scarce items, which we do expect some support to the holiday periods.  So, a few puts and takes, but overall, I'm pleased with the label be continued modestly positive to underlying growth on the platform as a result of the initiatives that we're driving forward.
Steve Priest: I'll take that. I'm not going at that myself for 2022. We haven't what the guidance out there, but I'll give us a little bit of color in terms of where we are. As we've previously said, reinvestments in the business is our first priority, whether that's Farrell Boto partner, but having said that, beyond that any excess cash that we do have continues to drive returns.  We'll continue with a disciplined return of capital to shareholders. And this is not any different in the past. We had a strong and consistent history. I've actually noticed some capital returns, and in 2021 must be no exception. So, think about us going from 2 billion at the start of the year, lifting up to 5 billion, and most recently on this call, we're talking about $7 billion.  I think when I stand back and think about eBay as a whole, the balance that we have and the benefits for the franchise, is we often have the ability to do both, in terms of reinvesting the business and the and capital we bought.
Steve Priest: Hi, Doug. With regards to your question on payments rollout 2022, too early to talk about 2022. We're not taking drive that at this point, but I did want to read, that's why I had delighted we are with the progress we've made with over 90% of the platform volume, with over 18 million sellers joint to the platform now.  We laid out some goals, joining back a couple of years with regards to $2 billion of incremental revenue and $500 million of ROI. We're well on track. Margin is in line. So, we're very, very happy with where we are.
Steve Priest: Yeah, thanks Jamie. Tom, I think it's been interesting thing the coming about 4 months now and I think the one thing I would say is just what's rated strengthening the durability of the financial model, with best-in-class margins, really significant value with the ongoing platform and that [Indiscernible] Balance Sheet.  If you take that and you pair it with the structure that Jamie is laid out, and the momentum that we're going forward with, I think anybody franchise translates pretty misunderstood. One of the things that we need to do about a job is just really ensuring that the investor community understand a little better Again, your points is well made.  The momentum is shown on the buyback and capital allocation as we progress through 2021, from the 2 billion to the 5 billion and at the 7 billion is really a source of reflection of that in terms of our thought process around balanced and disciplined capital allocation, and getting that balance right between reinvestment in the business, just the right growth, and providing the very best returns to our shareholders.
Steve Priest: Hi Dough (ph.), you know, it's not -- it's not about -- I think it's about focus. And I think we're constantly thinking about acquisition of buyers and growth on the platform. And really, it is about really changing our strategy and our focus.  And I just want to reiterate about the value of various buyers bring. So, if I think about our top 20 high-value buyers, or 20% of our buyers, and deliver 75% of our GMV. Nice buyers are making 6 different purchases 6 different times a year and over $800 and net buyers itself.  But the low value buyers, it's about 50% of our -- on that strategy as we continue to evolve the platform, focus on the enthusiasts, focus on cost category selling. But it's very, very important that we continue to have a pipeline as we evolve the business in growth going forward.
