Stephen Priest: Hi, Nikhil. Steve here. Great to speak to you, and thank you for the question. As you are more than aware, we're not fully guiding the full year at this point due to the uncertainty of the current macro environment. But let me give you a little bit of color with regards to the expense commentary that we shared on the call. Last quarter, when we talked to the markets, we talked about targeting total expense growth for 2023 of approximately 2% increase with onetime factors, as we talked about, like M&A and the rollout of eBay International Shipping, contributed a significant amount of that year-over-year expense growth. The mid-single digit guide that we provided you with today assumes the current weaker U.S. dollar exchange rate that we've seen continues for the remainder of the year. This FX impact accounts for the majority of the delta versus the prior outlook. And obviously, we will have corresponding positive impact on both GMV and revenue. In addition, the top line performance of the first quarter, we are pleased with the levels of execution that we had during the quarter, is providing us with incremental investment capacity for 2023. And so you're seeing us continue to invest in the business because we're getting such a strong return on investment as we go forward. And this is really aiding towards our drive towards long-term sustainable growth.
Stephen Priest: As you can imagine, Nikhil, we haven't guided long-term margins. I think what I would say is I'm very encouraged by the earnings power of eBay, both from ultimately driving improved net earnings and ultimately strong free cash flow coming over the business. The things that we're thinking about as we go in '23, margin will be a function of the underlying GMV momentum, which is ultimately impacted by the macro environment that we operate in. As we’ve talked about, the impact of recent M&A where we’re leaning in on the EIS program, that will drive long-term increases in operating income for eBay will drive about 100 basis points of margin dilution in ‘23. And as we’ve said, we’re going to continue to lean into the short term and drive operational efficiencies through the structural cost program. And we’re well on track and slightly above the $100 million that we laid out for 2023. That enables us, as I said earlier, to reinvest in the business and drive long-term sustainable growth for eBay.
Stephen Priest: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Steve here. I'll pick up the first question. EIS is -- we fully ramped the program for the existing sellers on our global buying hub this quarter. And we're obviously at the very early stage of the global ramp. In terms of your specific question around gross margins, they are exactly in line with what we'd expected about a 50 basis point impact on gross margin in the quarter. The great thing about this program as you go forward, although it has an impact on gross margins because of the way that we account for EIS, it generates good bottom line momentum for eBay and it's strategically important, and it also gives us the ability to dial up our charges depending on what the costs we incur for the International Shipping. On a longer-term basis, we expect this program to be accretive to overall profit for the year. And at the end of the year, as we get to the fourth quarter, it will approach our core margin structure for the overall business.
Stephen Priest: Mike, Steve here. Thank you for the question, Michael. I'll kick off with the first one and then Jamie can pick up the second one, perhaps. Specifically with regards to where the investments are going, as you would expect, it's in terms of identifying what customers want and building the products that delight them and turning them about then to our full funnel approach to marketing. And so the investments that we're taking forward is really developing tremendous products on eBay. In the last couple of years, we've really pivoted our marketing spend to full funnel. And you've seen the fruits of our labor. Think about Jamie's prepared comments around the fact that we're growing at market rates in parts and accessories. We're seeing high double-digit growth with regards to refurbished business for the second quarter on the balance as a result of the investments that we're making. There's obviously a good correlation between our enthusiast buyers and the focused categories that we're going forward with in terms of our frequency coming to eBay and the levels of spend going forward. But what we're delighted with in terms of, again, what we're seeing with the buyers is the reactivation of our NORBs or new or reactivated buyers as we call them at eBay, where they're coming back to our platform as a result of the investments that we're making. Jamie, perhaps you pick up on the luxury question.
Stephen Priest: No problem, Deepak. So in terms of eBay International Shipping, both got really great strategic benefits but also good sort of financial benefits. So if I take a step back, think about our cross-border trade, which accounts for about 20% of the sales that take place on eBay. And as we came into the eBay International Shipping program, only about 50% of our 1.8 billion listings on the platform are available for global trade. And so we looked through the lens of how do we increase the level of inventory to the global buyers on eBay? And eBay international Shipping certainly facilitates that. The beauty of the program is that we have gone from an agent to a principal. It gives us much greater control over the overall process. So it enables us to drive greater levels of trust, particularly for our sellers. It enables us, with the size and scale of eBay, to leverage much better contracts in terms of the shippers. And it also enables us to pass through any increases in cost through to the shipping program and the sales that go forward. And so as you said, there's an accounting change because of the agent to principal relationship where we recognize both the gross revenue and the cost. And previously, it was net revenue. But as we said in our prepared comments, it's a good -- it provides good earnings dollars growth for eBay, and we would expect by the fourth quarter for it to mirror the margin profile of the wider business at that point. Jamie, over to you.
Stephen Priest: Hi, Lauren. I'll pick up the first point. We don't disclose the mix of our sort of currencies. I'd refer you to the overall shape of the business from a global perspective and think about the fact that roughly half of our overall business is generated out of International and half out of the U.S. But we don't specifically disclose the dynamics of that. We obviously talk about the impacts of currency on the overall business, which you can probably triangulate back into. Jamie, go to the question.
Stephen Priest: Hi, Lee. I'll pick up the macro question. Obviously, we've extensively talked about the impacts of macro on our first quarter earnings, the perspectives of the guide for the second. We haven't seen any discernible change in the underlying dynamic macro environment. From a geographical perspective, as you recall, as we came into the end of the first quarter last year and the awful events of the war in Ukraine, and Europe started to get impacted sooner than the U.S., particularly because of energy prices and the levels of consumer discretionary spend pressure. Obviously, that's caused some differential in the lapping behaviors. We've gone through and start to go through 2023. But no underlying discernible change in the overall macro environment.
Stephen Priest: Yeah. Hi, Ygal. What I would say is that our first priority, as we always say is to invest in the long-term growth of the business through our build, buy, partner framework and because we see that as the best opportunities to drive long-term returns for shareholders. The beauty of the eBay model is because of the strength of the financial model and the strong free cash flow that we [indiscernible] gives us the ability to do both in terms of investing in the business and return capital. As you know, we returned $250 million to investors through buybacks in the first quarter in addition to the $0.25 dividend. We haven't guided our capital returns for the rest of the year, but we will continue to be balanced and thoughtful about the approach. We have committed to offset dilution and we'll continue to do that through the year. And then beyond that, we'll be opportunistic in both the timing and magnitude of any further capital returns.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Look, the first thing I'd point to, Eric is the 8-point outperformance of focused categories over the rest of the business. In these areas where we're investing in, we're seeing the right types of growth. When I look at a category like P&A, which is our largest full funnel marketing to date, you look at the results this quarter, where we're at market rates of growth and we're really excited by what we're seeing there. I think enthusiast buyers as well in the quarter and active buyers were strong. For the third straight quarter, we had an aggregate new and reactivated buyers growing positively. And our new buyer growth was positive for the first time in eight quarters. And let me give you an example of how that ties into marketing. So in P&A, where we've had this large full funnel marketing campaign, new and reactivated buyers actually grew double-digits faster than the overall marketplace during the quarter. So this has been a shift for us that we’ve been talking about all along, which is moving from just lower funnel optimization to more full funnel, driving long-term consideration, which takes a little bit of time. But the results that we’re seeing off of that spend are great and are creating a really healthy business as evidenced by what we’re seeing in the focused category outperformance.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. And then on live commerce, this is something we began experimenting with Q2 of last year, hosting a few pilots and experimenting with it throughout Q2. We did expand it into luxury in Q4 with some events for handbags and jewelry. We also created a central hub and discovery entry point for our live commerce events in Q4, which means now users can subscribe to a specific channel or receive updates and notifications of upcoming events. This year, we hosted about 15 eBay Live events with over $500,000 of in-event GMV across collectibles and luxuries. And at the end of March, we started hosting our first short auctions, think like 30 seconds for handbags and collectibles. In general, these are getting 5,000 and 15,000 buyers. We're seeing great engagement from that standpoint so we're going to continue to pilot and learn and experiment with this technology, but exciting initial results thus far.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Just in general, our luxury and fashion focused categories and on aggregate accelerated in line with our business overall. We continue to expand brand coverage on the platform, et cetera. So think about kind of very similar to what I said last quarter, which is some, a little bit of ASP pressure really made up for by the volume that we’re seeing on the platform. In general, our shift to non-new-in-season and that focus has really helped us in this environment because people are looking for values. And the ones that they can get on our platform make us much more resilient from that standpoint.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Just on focused categories, I'd say a couple of things. One is, overall, focused categories outperformed the rest of the business by 8 percentage points, so we're definitely seeing the impact of the strategy. A couple of standouts is one, we've already talked about it, but motors, parts and accessories hitting market rates of growth for us was really happening kind of sooner than we thought. I talked about luxury already kind of being a stable growth vector for us. And then maybe the other one I'd highlight for you is just refurbished. Our Refurbished business grew double digits in the quarter. That's really coming off of a healthy Q4 where we had our largest week ever with Refurbished and Cyber. And I think that's two-fold. One is the value proposition that we provide in that focused category is pretty compelling. And two is we're continuing to invest in bringing new brands, making the process easier for small businesses to come on with their refurbished products and we're backing it up with a great trust guarantee. On parts and accessories, I'd just say that we actually feel really good about the growth rates that we're seeing there, probably happening even sooner than we thought. We just launched Guaranteed Fit a few months ago. And I've always said these things take a couple of quarters to really have the impact on the consumer in really kind of changing the trust equation, but we're seeing a lot of great movement from that perspective already. So I talked about the buyers on the platform in P&A, New and reactivated buyers in that category are growing double digits faster than the overall marketplace. So it makes me really excited for the future of what we're going to do in P&A. And just like in other categories, we're not done investing. We'll continue to roll out new innovations that are really relevant for that parts and accessory buyer on eBay.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So I'd say just first on the benefits of eBay, one is the scale. So when products coming to luxury on eBay, they're available in 190 different markets around the world with 130 million plus buyers from that standpoint. So that's a massive advantage. Now that we have authenticity guarantee across our handbags, it basically takes trust off of the table and makes eBay an amazing destination to buy those items. The third thing I'd say is, we have really competitive fees from that standpoint. So if you're looking to sell those products, it's very attractive. I was talking to one of our sellers in handbags who did a live commerce event with us this past quarter and was just really excited by the results and the buyer demand that we were able to bring to something like that. The other unique benefit that we have on eBay is across categories. So we're bringing in buyers not just from handbag buyers but buyers across other categories on the platform and bringing them into handbags. So for our business, the average handbag buyer who buys a handbag over $500, they're going to spend $2,600 in handbags, but then they're going to end up spending $5,600 in other categories in the platform, and that's a really unique advantage for us on the platform. In terms of your questions on home and garden, I'd go back to what I said at Investor Day, which is we have five categories that are over 10 billion, home and garden being one of them, fashion being another, P&A. And so P&A was the largest one we've taken on to date and we've seen really good results. And I've said that every focused category -- I mean, every category that we have, we believe that we can apply the playbook to over time on the platform. So we don't like to get ahead of announcing where we're going for competitive reasons. But we believe this playbook and, in fact, is what we're seeing in P&A is applicable to even our largest categories.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Lauren, I would say our active buyer count is exactly where we expected it to be. I’ve been talking for several quarters about some near-term pressure that we thought we would see based on the macro environment, but that I thought we would see stabilization in the metric, and that’s exactly what we’re seeing here is that we’re acquiring buyers in the right way now. We’re building and turning them into enthusiast buyers, and our enthusiast buyers are buying 70% of the GMV on the platform. And so we’re excited that we saw kind of a more modest change in stabilization. And the P&A stats that I talked about with buyers is also really encouraging because it shows when we invest, we’re actually seeing what we want to see with new and reactivated buyers on the platform. So as things change from that standpoint, we’ll continue to update you, but we actually feel really great about what’s happening on the buying side.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Look, we've always considered shipping as variable, so we can pass through those expenses to the seller from that standpoint. What we give them is the benefits of scale. So when you look at eBay's scale advantages in being able to work with providers from that standpoint and being able to manage things efficiently. When you buy your label through eBay as an example, you're getting a very good discount versus what you would pay if you just walked in and tried to do those shipments on your own. And so we're going to continue to bring our scale to benefits like this. This one is really about opening up that inventory. So we wanted to almost be invisible to the seller based in the geography that they're shipping internationally. So the example I talked about is, if I'm sitting in Manhattan, I can ship a product that's actually going to Spain, but it will feel like I'm shipping a product to Albany because we take care of everything in the background. So it's really about that 20% of GMV that we do in cross-border. As Steve said, less than half of our inventory is available to go across borders. And this is really about creating that unlock. And it's, frankly, one of the powerful weapons of eBay is because as even a casual seller on the platform, we open up such massive worldwide scale demand for you in 190 different countries. So think about the EIS kind of similar to ads or payments. It's us leveraging our scale for the benefit of our sellers.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. And Lee, what I'd say on the PL Advanced or our CPC-based business is, in Q1, we updated our [indiscernible] model, training it on CPC-specific data. That helped us present higher quality impressions and more GMV for the same number of impressions on the site. We also expanded CPC to the second row of ad placements within search results, which was previously only available to CPA. So it's still early in our CPC development. We're excited about these innovations. We also built some new technologies this quarter that helped us do better real-time evaluation between CPA and CPC. But what I would say is that we're well on track to the numbers that we outlined at Investor Day. And we think a big component of that in terms of new products is the Product Listings Advanced product and happy with the continued innovation quarter-after-quarter to kind of drive towards those targets.
