Stephen Priest: Yes. I'll take that one. First of all, I wanted to say how pleased I am with both the results and the execution of eBay during the second quarter, as I stated in the prepared comments. As you would imagine, as we look to the rest of the year, we've been very thoughtful about the guide and obviously take into account of the current environment. As I think about it, there's 3 significant considerations that we've taken into account and expect to continue throughout the rest of 2022. The first being the impact of the war in Ukraine, which has a disproportionate impact on the European business because of the proximity to Ukraine and the pressure on energy prices. Secondly, the supply chain constraints, which are having an impact on our cross-border trade. And again, we expect those to prevail through the rest of the year. And then thirdly, just really thinking about the broader macro backdrop where we're seeing elevated inflation, rising interest rates, which are having associated impacts on consumer discretionary spend that are all putting pressure. As we consider that, we've put a broader range than we ordinarily would do in the second half of the year to take account of those three significant items. And ultimately, we land within our guidance range will be determined how that macro environment and those macro headwinds evolve over the second half, whether they hold steady, whether they intensify or indeed whether they subside. With regards to the specific areas versus GMV, we obviously have a very global and significant business across the globe. We don't have grocery. We don’t have no material FMCG, and so there's a broad-based of countries. So I wouldn't point to any specific area that would stand out for me. Perhaps, Jamie, if you've got anything that you'd like to add.
Stephen Priest: Nikhil, I'll pick up the first part, and then Jamie perhaps can pick up the second. With regard to the second quarter, as you would anticipate, we continue to lean in in terms of operational efficiencies in the short term while we do continue to invest for the long term to drive that long-term sustainable growth that we talked about at our investor event back in March. Candidly, it's really an effect of timing. We had expected some incremental ramp of expenditure as we went through with those investments in the second quarter. Some of that will ramp in the third quarter. And that's why you've seen us hold our full year margin guidance intact for the full year. Jamie, perhaps you'd like to cover the focus categories question.
Stephen Priest: Yes. Of course. Tom, Nice to speak to you. What I would say is we are a truly global business with size and scale, Tom. And obviously, as we think about the globe, the impact of cost order that I've talked about, particularly our got Chinese, think about Europe being more significantly here with energy prices, particularly associated with gas prices going up. And so your point about slightly moderating gas prices perhaps over here, a lot of choppiness on inflation. We're not seeing anything in particular would identify any changes to what we've laid out.
Stephen Priest: Lauren, I'll pick that one up. It's really a function of seasonality when you sort of look at where we are. And I think I'd bifurcate the two. One is the marketing spend, which is a function of season by quarter. And then secondly, when I think about buyers, it's a trailing 12-month metric. Obviously, we're lapping through the pandemic from last year. We're dealing with a sort of greater macro environment. So we bifurcate the two and so there's nothing specific that I'd point to in terms of the linkage between the two areas.
Stephen Priest: Justin, I'll pick those up. So I'm really pleased with the level of execution that we've seen both in terms of our ads business and payments business. And so as Jamie alluded to in his prepared comments, we're seeing a 20% delta between advertising and volume in the second quarter. And the payments team has done a tremendous job executing items like Buyer FX, additional forms of payments that continue to add potential for the revenue side to eBay. We are sort of lapping through as we're coming off the back of the payments migration that was completed in quarter 4 last year. So we are seeing some of the upside around that. But if I reflect on the second quarter, we had about an 8-point delta between GMV and revenue pretty much split evenly between advertising and payments, a little bit more pressure going forward as we see lap to that dynamic. With regards to your questions around hedging, the team did a very nice job of obviously hedging OI and EPS. Our GMV, obviously, is unhedged. And we are seeing pressure because of the strength of the dollar versus sterling and euro over recent months. And that's why you've seen an implied $500 million impact on our GMV guide at a spot rate as we've gone forward. But the teams diligently work hedging OI and EPS as we go forward. And we go quarter by quarter, year by year. I'm not sure that we get the balance side as we do that.
Stephen Priest: Absolutely. So we continue to be very balanced and thoughtful about capital allocation. We've got a long track record of creating and maximizing long-term shareholder value as we've gone through that. As you're probably aware, in the second quarter, we divested some of our holdings in Adyen and Kakao. Specifically, with regards to your question around Adevinta, we have 33% stake. Indeed, 25% of that is tied up until later in 2023. We continue to reflect on our investments, whether we believe we can generate incremental value in the short term by selling them or holding on for a little longer to continue to drive that shareholder value. So we reflect on all of our investments. We'll be very diligent about how we think about it to ultimately drive long-term shareholder returns.
Stephen Priest: Yes. Richard, I'd make a few comments. First of all, I think on a broader cost structure, the teams have been incredibly diligent, particularly as we cycle through this macro environment. And that creates capacity for us to invest in the long term. And everybody at eBay is looking through that lens. Secondly, I really believe the pace of innovation is moving much quicker than it was prepandemic. We talked about the speed of innovation and focus categories and what we're doing there. Think about the execution and payments and the say-do ratio that we talked about at Investor Day and then the growth that we see in our advertising business. Thirdly, I would say that I'm delighted that Eddie Garcia is back at eBay, heading at the product organization and bringing his wealth of experience, years of experience to the team to really drive best-in-class products for us here. So we remain very optimistic about the future ahead of us, and I'm really pleased with the execution of the team.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. I think it's hard to differentiate discretionary versus nondiscretionary. I think if you go back to Investor Day, you'll see that we had 5 -- we have five big areas over $10 billion. So obviously, when times are tough, people trade down, and that's where kind of our Refurb is helping out, et cetera. So hard to kind of pull that out. But I would say, as Steve said, it's -- we don't have grocery or material FMCG on the site.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, we're pleased with the outperformance of focus categories being 9 points above the rest of the business. Importantly, we're continuing to invest. We rolled out jewelry this quarter with a partnership with GIA for jewelry over $500. We expanded what we're doing in handbags, launching that in Germany, bringing accessories, things like wallets in the U.S., expanded Refurb to additional categories, headphones audio, gaming console, smart home devices. So we're continuing to invest in our focus categories. As I've always said, it's not a won and done. I mean if you think about the launch of vault and the incremental authentication that we've launched in collectibles, that was a category we started on as a focus category more than a year ago. So we're going to continue to innovate both on the existing ones that are there and launch new ones like we did with jewelry this quarter.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So it's early days, as you said, but we're excited by the initial feedback from the early customers. So it's having the intended impact, which is giving them a frictionless way to buy and sell on the platform to encourage sellers to use it because, obviously, there's a first-mover advantage. We think once the product is in the vault. It's unlikely to move to a different vault or there can be withdrawal. So we reduced fees through the end of the year on things like storage and selling fees in order to encourage adoption. And we're kind of right on track with where we thought. We're going to continue to innovate, add more categories and add more products over time, but a good early start to the program.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So on the first one on the kind of countercyclical, I'm really happy we refocused the strategy towards non-new and season 2.5 years ago because it is -- we're leaning into opportunities of where the consumer can be and makes the platform more resilient. So we are seeing strength in things like our refurbished category where consumers can trade down. And frankly, just the value of eBay of having non-new and season makes the platform a little bit more resilient. Over time as well selling is important in tough times for consumers because, as I've said all along, they've got $4,000 of stuff in the house that they could sell, and they -- less than 20% of that is online. So we're essentially working to kind of lean into both. On your question on awareness around our spend, we do look at everything, buyers traffic and seller. But 1 thing we measure pretty religiously is kind of initial consideration of what we're doing. So what you see us do is shift from doing a lot of lower funnel to more full-funnel marketing. I think about us being at the New York parts, Joe, what we're doing in collectibles with the MLB All-Star games. Next week, you'll see us launch a program in the U.K. with Pimp My Ride, which is really focused on our parts and accessories and being where enthusiasts are. And what we're really doing there is focusing on eBay and initial consideration set and really talking about the value propositions that we're building through focus categories. And what I'd say is we're excited about the initial results and the early movements in ICS in the campaigns that we're running.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So I'd say a couple of things. First, on the collectibles business, yes, we've leaned in a lot to trading cards because of the opportunity that we see in that market. But if you go back to Investor Day, where we size the collectibles business, it's over a $10 billion category. So there's lots of different elements in there and, frankly, lots of different elements geographically. So there's things stronger in our U.K. and German business where trading cards is more of a U.S. phenomenon from that perspective because collecting is interesting regionally, although there is a good amount of cross-border trade when it comes to collectibles. So we're going to continue to invest in collectibles and broadly as a category. On KnownOrigin, it's really -- a key part of that is the talent that we're bringing in. If you look at the team there, they're really the founding -- some of the founding pioneers and the early work around NFTs and digital. And so bringing that directly into eBay, I think, really helps us as we think about the intersection of physical and digital, some of the pieces that Jordan outlined at Investor Day because eBay has been always the place where people go to collect things. And so being able to figure out how to bring them on to the platform, I think, is a key advantage. I'd say it's really early days, but I think we found a great amazing team that we're integrating into the business.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. And I assume when you mean advertising solutions, you mean what we're doing to bring traffic to the site, not the advertising product on the site. So on the marketing side, yes, we've absolutely been doing a shift both kind of moving more towards mid-funnel, going after more paid social younger demographics in terms of what we're doing with TikTok and those types of programs. And we've been enhancing what we're doing from a marketing perspective, rolling out a new marketing technology, we call it user experience platform, to help us be much more efficient with that. As it relates to specifically to sellers, I'd point to 2 things. First is the investments that we're making in external Promoted Listings. So having sellers that are in our Promoted Listings product, be able to generate specific traffic to their business. And then the second thing is all the work that we've done over the last probably 18 months around eBay stores, about letting them build the brand in the marketplace, about letting them incorporate videos into their experience, around letting them spend coupons to interested or repeat buyers in the platform because we see this twofold. One is being able to drive traffic there but also helping them drive their repeat business on eBay, which is why we've been making those investments. Also, we think it's really critical to our second pillar being the seller platform of choice. So we're going to continue to push forward on those types of innovations on behalf of our sellers.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. I'd just add that when I talk to our eBayers in Germany and U.K., they get their gas bills twice a year, in some cases, once a year. And definitely, there's the impact there of that. And I think that's part of why we see a bigger impact on our European business than we -- our international business than we do in the Americas.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So first, on the Ad Business Act, we tend to provide a really good rollout for our sellers. So there's still a lot of penetration opportunity in our Promoted Listing standard product and driving incremental adoption for more sellers across more listings, et cetera. But we're pleased this quarter to really start seeing some traction in our newest products. As I talked about on the call, our newest products are up 30% quarter-on-quarter, which is great to see. This will lead to Promoted Listings that's double digit in the coming quarters. And I just -- of the 3 new products, I'd highlight Advanced, I think, as a significant opportunity for us because of the monetization that it provides and because we still have a good ways to go in terms of driving adoption on the platform. I'd just say it's a continual dial and frank in terms of optimizing the buyer experience, the tools that we have and the algorithms to make sure that we're not degrading buyer experience. We're enhancing it and continue to provide a return on ad sales. But I'm happy to see the 1.5% penetration we got to this quarter. And like I said, the future quarters should allow us to drive double-digit growth. Steve, do you want to take the second one on...
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So on eBay Live, our live shopping pilot, I would say it's early, John. We're kind of in the test phase of that. And it's really about learning about how eBay engages the best way to get customers engaged. I would say from our early test that we're excited by what we saw both in terms of the time people were engaged, to engage 15 minutes in a video, especially with today's attention span of consumers, and the interaction. We had a quarter of people like interacting with the experience. So we feel really good about what it can be. As you've seen from a macro standpoint, it's had a lot more traction in the Asia region than it has here. It's still much more of a nascent technology, but first as well with some of the categories like some of the other pilots that we have. So I'd just say very early testing and learning at this stage. On advertising, what we talked about is getting to a double-digit growth in the coming quarters, and we feel comfortable about our plans to do that really on the strength of our core product and standard and on the growth that we're seeing out of our new products.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. We're really pleased with what we're seeing in terms of the rollouts on parts and accessories. I'd say both from a marketing standpoint. So we're getting aggressive in our key markets about driving an initial consideration set. I talked earlier about some of the stuff we're doing with sponsorship of Pimp My Ride. We did the same thing with eBay Auto Parts Show in New York. Those types of things led to 3 billion media impressions for us from that standpoint. And as I talked about, really going after that enthusiasts, leaning into things like I was just out in our European markets. And their certified green parts are incredibly important, and we continue to add more of that supply onto the marketplace. And then secondarily, I'd just say on the product side, improvements in fitment, improvements in the organization of the inventory and the collaboration is important. We enhance some of the AI that powers our search and our merchandising and our advertising really around this idea of fitment and how to make sure that we have 100% trust and the fitment on the product. So we're excited about what we're seeing and the results, the movement that we're seeing in initial consideration set. And we're not going to be done. This is going to be a category that we're going to continue to innovate on quarter after quarter.
