John J. Donahoe: Yes. Thanks, Scott. The answer is yes, yes and yes. As you said, there -- the way I look at it, there's really 2 things going on here. One, we've made an enormous amount of change to the site over the past several years, including trust in search, including bringing more selection. And that was clearly driving greater frequency of our existing users or more transactions per user. And that continues to be the case. Starting 9 months ago was really the first time we began marketing to new users, right? It started in the fourth quarter last year, Buy It New, Buy It Now. And we're seeing a nice response in new users coming. And when we poll them, they like what they're seeing and they're doing a second and third transaction. And then -- the thing that I think underlies both is Mobile, because if you think about it, 4 years ago, the only time you could access eBay is when you were in front of a laptop or in front of a desktop, which is maybe a couple of hours a day. Now, you can access eBay 7 days a week, 24 hours a day with your mobile device. And that's helping with existing users and it's helping acquire new users as you saw. 600,000 new users in Q2 alone. So to be honest, even our internal metrics, we can't tease these out separately to force rank them, but I'll just say, the way I'm thinking about it is our existing users like it, MPS is going up and they're buying more. And the new news, really, in the last 9 months is an accelerating growth rate of new users who are trying us whether it's through mobile or through the web. They like what they see and they're coming back. And we want to keep pouring kerosene on that latter fire to keep it going.
John J. Donahoe: Well, Colin, Mobile, it's really interesting because -- I'll give one statistic upfront then I'll comment more on your direct question, but for -- as we're now saying, $10 million of volume is closing on a mobile device on the eBay business. What's interesting is our analysis indicates that at least that much of volume that closes on the Web, their consumer access their mobile device at some point in the shopping experience. So as you said, mobile is impacting a significant portion of eBay's business, either at some point in the shopping experience and/or the transaction closes on it. The kinds of things we're seeing that's interesting on eBay Mobile is, let me just take the parts category, the motor parts category I referenced earlier, as I said 340,000 parts a day are being closed. As we unpack that, we're finding more and more users, in this case, our target motorist buyer, which is a male, 30 to 50 years old, they're actually using their mobile device while they're under the hood. And they can scan the VIN code or take a picture of the back of the car. And when they see the parts they want, if they do a search on their mobile device while they're under the car, our search results only show them parts that fit their car. And so that they're ordering right there on the spot. So similarly, as you described it, we're seeing consumers go into stores or walk down the street, use their mobile device either to do their investigation or in some cases, to shop. So what we're certain about is mobile is having a profound impact in consumer behavior, and are -- we are aggressively driving innovation, both to close transactions on mobile but also to enhance the shopping experience, even if the transaction doesn't close on mobile. In many ways, PayPal is the same thing. If you look at PayPal Here, it's a great example of driving new use cases where PayPal can be used. So to your direct question, PayPal is used as the way to pay on a significant portion of the eBay transactions closed on mobile devices but not all. But what's really growing is PayPal off of eBay in the mobile arena, because retailers and merchants are finding when they put PayPal Mobile Express Checkout on their app or on their website, they're seeing significantly increased conversion. And what we know in both business units is mobile shoppers and mobile payers are 3 to 4x more valuable than Web-only, simply because they're more engaged with our products and they're buying more. So it's -- I can't underestimate the importance of mobile to what we see as the future of commerce and payments.
John J. Donahoe: The way I'll tease that out, Colin, is I don't think new in season is ever going to be our sweet spot. But new items is absolutely our sweet spot. And retailers and brands are finding new items that may be one season out of season, or 2 seasons out of season, all the way through liquidation stock. That's their sweet spot for eBay. So we estimate over 70% of the items are new on eBay. And buyers are responding to expanding selection because what you're having is more and more sellers, be they retailers or be they traditional eBay sellers, are bringing more of their new but somewhat out of season inventory on to eBay. There's one other category, it's interesting, that's kind of evolving, which is the scarce category. eBay has always been the place where something may be new and scarce, and so the auction format is really an interesting vehicle for that. And recently, we just announced a holiday collective of designers who are designing exclusive goods for the Holiday on eBay. The reason designers love it. It allows them to go directly to consumers and that will create scarcity value. So that's, I would say, a small but growing category of goods on eBay.
John J. Donahoe: Well, Gil, let me just make a comment upfront. I think one of the decisions we made early on in mobile that has served us very well is from the beginning, we said, "We're not going to worry if it's incremental or not." And so it's a kind of thing we could've spent years having our financial analysts figuring out, is this incremental? Is mobile profitable, dot, dot, dot. We said, "We believe mobile is a movement that consumers want." And we've invested heavily in that. Now when we sit down with a retailer, what we can say is, "When you put Mobile Express Checkout on your mobile websites or on a mobile app, cart conversion will go up because it's very proven that consumers don't want to enter in their credit card information into a mobile device, and PayPal is the safest way to pay." And we think conversion can go up to 10%, 20%, 30%. I mean, we've not released exact statistics because it varies by retailer, but I think retailers find that their cart version goes up when they put Mobile Express Checkout on their mobile web or app. And by the way, Mobile Web -- Mobile Express Checkout is the same integration as Express Checkout. So and what it's doing is -- for the retailers is the same thing I described it was doing for eBay earlier. It allows the retailer to extend their reach outside the limitations of their store. And so now, if you're a retailer like Office Depot, who just signed with PayPal, no longer will the only way -- time you reach your consumers be when they're in the Office Depot store or when they're on the Office Depot website, but through mobile, Office Depot can be reaching their consumers 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. So retailers see the value of mobile and increasingly, they're embracing PayPal Mobile in aggressive ways.
John J. Donahoe: It's the latter, Gil. It's sort of stunning to see how globally consistent this is. And the U.K. and Australia are furthest along because they have the highest smartphone penetration, following by U.S., followed by Germany. But the slopes, the slopes are all very consistent.
John J. Donahoe: James, on the first, to be honest, we -- there is nothing that we see that's particularly insightful or actionable about the difference between new users and, as you call them, legacy users or we call them our existing users. We see new users coming in through the mobile channel and staying on mobile channel, some come in the mobile channel and move online. But there's no, I'd say, no standout patterns or standout differences in the pattern between the 2. And with respect to online sales tax, our position is the same as it has been for years now, that our focus is on protecting small business from undue taxation or taxation that is differentially difficult for them to handle administratively. And so while online sales tax will probably happen at some point in the future, our focus is to do nationally what we did last year in California where we worked with the California legislature and created a small business exclusion, where a small business that sold less than $1 million in California didn't have to collect cross state sales tax. And that's just -- because it's a burden -- administrative burden they can't handle. So we'll continue to do that to protect the smallest of our sellers.
John J. Donahoe: And then, Heath, on Mobile, as I said a minute ago, the -- we are not overly focused on what is incremental or not because the way we're thinking about it is, the fact is consumers like using their mobile devices, whether they buy or pay on their mobile device or just use it as part of a shopping experience. And we know that consumers that engage with their mobile apps are 3 to 4x as valuable as to those that don't. So that's how we're thinking about it. We are -- we believe it's helping our growth rate. We believe we're very well positioned to be the leader in mobile commerce and the leader in mobile payments. But we're just going to keep investing in the general area.
John J. Donahoe: Well, I think PayPal's historical growth formula continues where I would -- on one dimension, we're simply expanding new merchants, right, adding new merchants. And we continue to add new merchants globally. I mean the -- whether it's in places like Brazil and Latin America, whether it's Asia, whether it's Europe. We're adding more merchants online. And now we're adding those merchants with mobile and with offline. So that you begin to see PayPal everywhere. So kind of ubiquity. Then, we're trying to focus on building great products so that it increases more volume per user. People are using PayPal more and you see that happening. Today, we're adding digital uses, we're adding BML uses, we're adding mobile uses. And then the third area where there's absolutely more focus and David has brought -- David Marcus has brought more focus is adding more consumers to the top of the funnel. The truth is we've been adding sort of 1 million -- roughly 1 million new consumers a month for the last 3 years, and as the denominator gets bigger, our active user growth rate is coming down a little bit. And Dave has really brought an increased focus on the product experience for new users signing up to streamline registration flows, allow someone to sign up on a mobile device. You may have seen we bought Card.io yesterday. You can envision a world in the not-too-distant future where you can just frankly snap -- take a snapshot of your driver's license and credit cards to form a PayPal account. So I think one of the pieces of the PayPal play book that I think you'll see increased focus on is just consumer acquisition, which then again leads to consumer engagement, which leads to -- which is supported by the merchant ubiquity. And as you said, we're growing. We think we're going 2 to 3x faster than the market. So we're clearly gaining share in Web. We're gaining share in mobile, and our aspirations in offline is if we can get a little piece of that offline market, we think that can really add to our business.
John J. Donahoe: Yes, I'll do this one. Since you couldn't get it down fast enough. We're going to -- instead of having only a 1-question rule, we're going to have to start imposing the 3-question rule.
John J. Donahoe: Yes. So, Ron, on marketplace growth rates relative to e-commerce, what I said last year at Investor Day is that the number I look at to compare marketplace to market growth is our fixed price growth rate because it's the apples-to-apples comparison. And fixed-price grew 20% this quarter. So it's clearly growing faster than e-commerce. And that's true in almost every market. What's also happening is auction growth rates are coming back a little bit and simply, the mix of fixed-price and auction are such that our blended growth rate, GMV growth rate, this quarter is 15%. So we actually think the marketplace grew roughly at e-commerce growth rates in Q2. Where all the dialogue for us is going forward and the kind of focus Devin Wenig is bringing to the marketplace is, "All right, how do we build on top of that?" And he's got focus on how we leverage our data more effectively, a strong multiyear focus on leveraging our data and he brings some great experience from his experience on Reuters on leveraging data across the platform. How do we expand more aggressively to BRIC markets, initially with cross-border and then overtime with domestic. Again, a second big multiyear initiative. And then a third is, how do we bring more selection on to eBay, be it C2C selection, be it local selection from local retailers, be a Milo or be it from large retailers. And so those are 3 broad areas, the whole area of local; local, BRIC and data are areas that we think there's incremental growth opportunity and over the next 3 years in Marketplace, and that's what Devin's really got his team focused on.
Robert H. Swan: Yes, the only -- maybe the only other comment that I would make is just in terms of percent of overall volume, last year, we said we did $5 billion of GMV on a mobile device, of a total of $69 billion. Now this year, GMV has been growing in the midteens. And we expect $10 billion to be on a mobile device. So the share of mobile transactions as a percent of our total is growing dramatically. And to John's point, the share of PayPal at -- PayPal's share of wallet or share of checkout is significantly higher on a mobile device than it is on the desktop.
Robert H. Swan: Yes, I'll go with the first one. Heath, the -- just for the first half of the year, organic growth rate, so excluding FX and M&A, was 18%. And essentially implied in our guidance for the second half is 18% organic growth rate. That's the middle of the range. So stripping out currency and any M&A activity in the second half, it's pretty much flat throughout the year. I'll just say the only nuance there is Q3 organic growth is a little bit lower and Q4 it's a little bit higher. And that's just our anticipation of what transpires in Europe during the third quarter.
Robert H. Swan: So our guidance for the second half of the year in essence, it has this S pot [ph] in effect. So that's what the guidance is based on. That being said, at this stage of the year, our hedges have us fairly well protected for clearly for bottom line and for the most part, for top line. So we feel relatively good on how protected we are for the second half of the year. In terms of the second half guidance, I refer to organically our growth rate of 18%, a little bit lower in Q3, a little bit higher in Q4, but 18% on average. And the reason we expect Q3 to be a little bit lower is in general, Q3 is our softest quarter, driven by Europe. And this go around with the Olympics. We expect a little more impact in the quarter as a whole. So that's what -- that's why Q3 is a little bit lower. I would just say, by business units in our Q2 results, Marketplaces, despite the relative headwinds we're dealing with in the macro economic environment in Europe, Marketplaces had a great quarter across-the-board in Europe. So we're expecting continued strength there. And PayPal who's got a little a broader exposure to the overall environment was a bit slower. And in our guidance, we're assuming that is well going into the second half of the year. Your third question, market...
Robert H. Swan: Yes, thanks, Brian. So yes, segment margins through the whole first half of the year, very strong and driven by 2 things: one, transaction margin has continued to get stronger. We've continued to invest quite a bit, but we're getting good operating leverage in the business. But the biggest driver has been on transaction margin, and we have 3 things going on in our take rates, 2 which we expect to continue and one which we do not expect to continue. And it's the same as what we experienced in the first quarter. Take rate's gone up because of Bill Me Later's strong growth. We expect that to continue. FX fees on our cross-border business, we expect that to continue. But the third one is our -- in the money revenue hedges that we benefited from a little bit in the quarter, both first and second quarter that made take rate a little bit higher than what's the sustainable level. So I expect that to come back in line over time. In terms of what it all looks like going forward, at the beginning of this year, we upped our guidance for segment margins for PayPal, the 25% to 26% range. We're at the high end of that through the first half of the year. And we'll see how it plays out as we close out 2012 and position for 2013. But we feel very good about the transaction margins and the incremental margins the business is generating and feel very good about the operating leverage we're getting while continuing to invest in future growth opportunities.
Robert H. Swan: On the second question, yes, it's the $29 million and it was -- it is the Korea international VAT issue, and it flows both through Marketplaces, international transaction revenue and through to segment margins. The first question, in terms of FX impact on TPV and GMV. I'm not -- I'm not sure I understand the question, Spencer, because it's kind of directly in the -- it's directly in the materials we gave you as reported, an FX for both GMV and TPV. So maybe...
Robert H. Swan: Yes, I would -- it's not -- I'll give you -- for deceleration for PayPal TPV Q1 to Q2, we declined by 2 points Merchant Services. And I would think about half of that being cross-border trade. So roughly 1 point. So 25% of PayPal is cross-border. And 1 point overall impact. You can get a sense as to what the impact was on TPV. It wasn't -- it was less significant on GMV. So not terribly material for the Marketplace business. Thank you, operator.
