Robert Swan: First, higher investments in our core, what we consider our core, I’d characterize as really two fundamental things. One, higher sales and marketing. We’ve made a lot of improvements to both the Paypal user experience and the omni-based shopping experience. So bringing more traffic and converting more traffic will be a source of higher investments.  And the second thing, which is not new, but we expect to continue within Paypal specifically is the take rates will come down. And that’s simply a function of higher growth off of eBay and higher growth on larger merchants.  So those two dynamics have been the trends that are bringing Paypal’s take rate down, and we expect that to continue. But at the same time, our transaction margins are the fundamental health of the Paypal business. We still expect to be above 62%. So those are the two chunks of investments in the core.  The other things that John highlighted are kind of the themes of extending our global footprint, having a stronger presence in emerging markets. We’ve started some of those investments in 2013. We expect those to continue. Secondly, expanding our served market locally. Those are investments that we’re making across all three businesses to expand our served market from $1 trillion of ecommerce to $10 trillion of commerce. And then third, we’ll continue to make investments in data, leveraging data more effectively, to drive deeper engagement, so increasing investments to protect and extend our core and continuing to invest to expand our served markets. 
Robert Swan: Philosophically, our bias hasn’t really changed at all, and that is to ensure we have the financial flexibility to make investments along the way, whether they be organic, whether they be acquisitively, or whether they be through a return to shareholders, through a buyback, having the financial flexibility to be able to do all three of those things, essentially at all times.  In terms of our current cash position, as I indicated, we have a little over $3 billion in the U.S. and we have significant cash flow offshore, and we have access to commercial paper lines. And we’ll look at all three of those as funding sources and vehicles to execute the opportunistic buyback program that we announced today.
Robert Swan: In terms of free cash flow, we said greater than $11 billion back in March of last year. And the update to that is, while revenue and earnings are lower, we still expect to generate greater than $11 billion over the three-year timeframe. So 3.7 last year, 3.7 to 4 this year, and then at least that kind of level going forward. Because we don’t really expect the capital intensity of the business to change dramatically. So we’re in good shape to exceed the $11 billion cumulative free cash flow through next year.
Robert Swan: And in terms of our guidance on the share buyback, in essence, for ’14 and ’15, the guidance assumes that we will offset dilution from our [comp based] programs. That’s a given. How much more aggressive we are with the buyback, the timing of when we do it, and the price at which we’re more opportunistic, will obviously influence earnings. But right now our guidance primarily is offsetting dilution from [comp base].
Robert Swan: First off, on the decline in Paypal take rate during the course of this year, is really driven by three factors. One, the mix of the business, which I mentioned before, and you highlighted. Secondly, our currency hedges that flow through the top line. And third, our fees on cross-border transactions were lower. Those three things have been happening throughout the year. And we flagged the large merchant growth and cross-border transactions, the things that we expected to happen that would weigh on the take rate going forward. So those two, there’s no dramatic change from the beginning of the year. Obviously, hedges, we layer in hedges during the course of the year, and how currencies move, is going to have an impact, but that was not really anticipated at the time, but protected the earnings of the company, but contributed to the take rate decline. The second thing I would just highlight from earlier in the year, we indicated that we did expect the take rate to come down, for a variety of factors, but the largest being success and traction with large merchants. But at the same time, we highlighted the other two components of transaction margins, with the wallet and the funding sources and how effectively we would manage risk, and that our belief was those three dynamics of take rate movements, consumer choice on low-cost funding, and effective risk management techniques, would enable us to deliver 62% plus transaction margins in the online world during the three-year timeframe. And I would say those dynamics played out during the course of 2013. 
Robert Swan: On your second question, as you know, historically, over the last few years we’ve simply been offsetting dilution from comp based programs. Historically, we have been opportunistic when we can maintain our financial flexibility to invest and grow, but also take advantage of opportunistic repurchases of shares. So it’s not a dramatic change from philosophically where we’ve been before.  I think there are a couple of changes. One is our balance sheet is much stronger. Our cash balances are much bigger. We’re funding an increasing portion of our BML growth with offshore cash. And we feel great about our future. So I think there’s some things that are very consistent philosophically to where we’ve been in the past. At the same time, we’ve got a stronger balance sheet and more financial flexibility, and again, feel good about how we see the next couple of years. 
Robert Swan: During the course of the year, there’s three components of growth. We expect to continue to grow on eBay and get a significant source of users from eBay, and continue to make improvements in the on-eBay experience to drive higher penetration. So the on-eBay growth, we expect to be above the marketplace rates of growth. Secondly, merchant services will company to be the biggest source of growth, and that’s going to come from same-store sales growth for existing merchants, getting coverage on more and more merchants, and third, giving consumers more and more reasons to use us, i.e. share of checkout in both existing and new clients.  And then the third is Bill Me Later has been a 30% grower for a while. We’re high 20s as we exit the year, and we continue to expect that to be not only a source of growth for revenue, but also a vehicle to reduce our transaction costs over time.  So I would say in the offline world, as John said, that will be a source of future growth, but not really a contributor in any meaningful way in the next 24 months.
John Donahoe: And on offline, clearly consumer behavior is moving toward online, mobile, and omnichannel, and we saw that happening in the fourth quarter. In the Marketplace business, you saw large retailers, including retailers like Best Buy, using omni eBay Marketplace, when you could buy online, pick up in store. So we integrated large retailers, and beginning to allow online pickup in store right off the core eBay marketplace. So we’ll continue to add large retailers and others to the eBay Marketplace, both here and around the world. And with Paypal, we continue to build out the city markets, where we’re trying to take neighborhoods, where Paypal is accepted frequently or with abundance in the neighborhood, and then experiment with consumer behavior. And we saw good progress in our select neighborhoods in the fourth quarter. In general, I’d say that offline is taking longer to become digitized than we initially thought, and I think frankly it’s happening with us and with everyone else in the digital world. But we’re staying with the investment and the adjustments we’re making I would characterize as focusing more in some smaller areas to prove out the model and get viral effects, and then we’ll expand.  So whether that’s eBay Now in a couple of cities, and the moving to a couple more cities, and then so on and so forth. The same thing with Paypal. We’re going to focus on some neighborhoods, prove things out, and then expand out from there.  So more to come, but we’re continuing a very steady investment in offline, and we think over time it’s going to represent a significant opportunity.
John Donahoe: First, I would say we try to provide guidance with the context of all the latest and greatest information we have, so in the first quarter we have 11% to 13% growth. And I would say the trends in the quarter so far support us to be in that 11% to 13% range.  Geographically, I would say our anxiety back in October was primarily centered around the trends we were seeing in North America at the time. In Europe, Europe primarily remained relatively stagnant. I’d say right now on the margins, Europe might be a tad better, North America might be a tad worse. And that’s the context for which we look at the Q1 growth rates. 
John Donahoe: The principle behind eBay now, and behind what we’re trying to do, and frankly across our portfolio, is we believe that in the future consumers are going to want to have choice. They’re going to want to have the choice of, in some situations, buy online, have it shipped at home. In other situations, buy online or from a mobile device and pick it up in the store. And there are going to be some shopping occasions where consumers want to buy it online or on a mobile device and have it delivered to them that day, or even the next.  So we’re trying to build out offerings that give that consumer choice, and eBay Now is just simply a way where we can use our industry scale, putting multiple retailers on, to deliver same-day delivery at economic costs. And we’ve taken it, as I said earlier, I would say, a very targeted approach in that.  We picked two cities and we tried to prove the model out, get it to work for consumers. Then we modeled out the economics and believe that Shuttle, we acquired Shuttle, and Shuttle, by using excess capacity, if you will, or sharing economy, vetted drivers that in essence bid on the ability to deliver, can provide both great consumer experiences and more economic deliveries. So we’ve got that going in Chicago and in Dallas. And then as we build scale and learn on those, we will most likely expand that out to other cities across the U.S. and into the U.K. So I’d say we’re taking a very measured approach on it, and we think it’s one piece of giving consumers choice. With respect to our short term growth, we’re not counting on this to have any material impact on our short term growth, or even material growth over the next two years, but it’s signaling our willingness and commitment and desire to give the consumers choice and to partner with retailers to help them compete in this omnichannel world.
John Donahoe: On Cassini, Cassini is one of many buyer experience initiatives that help drive consumer acquisition and conversion over time. And I’ve said this before, I’ll say it again, there are no silver bullets in our Marketplace business. If anything, this improvement over the last five or six years is no single platform initiative or product thing in and of itself created viral improvements.  Now, Cassini is live in all countries except Korea, and it’s now live across all devices. In essence, as you highlighted, what it enables us to do is, as a new platform, it just enables us to test and learn and implement search changes more quickly than our previous one. And so our search team and our product experience team will be continuing to iterate, just like they have in the last couple of years, or last several years, to find ways to improve the eBay user experience. I’m also thrilled to say that we’ve got, as you probably saw in the fourth quarter, RJ Pittman joined us to head up product and design at eBay. RJ came from Apple. We think he’s a world-class product leader, and he inherits the eBay business as it is today, the eBay user experience, and he’ll be driving a lot of the new user experience and product changes, both mobile and online, going forward. So we’re thrilled to have RJ onboard, and look forward to really good leadership from him over the coming months and years.
John Donahoe: I completely agree with your characterization, which is as we approach offline, the fact that we have the portfolio of assets we do, eBay Marketplace, Paypal, and eBay Enterprise, is a strength. And what drove this to start with was customers. When we sit down with merchants, they’re looking for how they can have a partner to help them compete in this omnichannel, online/offline world.  And the fact that we have the kind of mobile experiences we do across our portfolio and the mobile capabilities we do, the fact that we have an eBay Marketplace that has 130 million active consumers, and by the way 50 to 60 million active consumer outside the U.S., where many retailers want to expand without putting assets on the ground, the fact that we’ve got Paypal’s capabilities, the fact that we’ve got, through eBay Enterprise, ship from store and buy online/pick up in store capabilities, is a strength.  We did an interesting experiment in the fourth quarter, a free shipping initiative, where we offered free shipping to a small set of Paypal users on eBay Enterprise merchants. And it helped drive up conversion and Paypal share of checkout while helping drive incremental volume for those merchants. So we’re always looking for ways to leverage our full portfolio to help partner with merchants offline. Now, the time horizon, I’ll just repeat what I said earlier, I would say in general offline is taking longer to materialize for the whole industry, the whole digital industry at least, those of us that are coming from the online world and mobile world, and so we are responding by still investing behind it, but trying to target and focus our investments to prove out successes in smaller pockets, and then expand from there. And so we’ll continue to operate that way. 
John Donahoe: And on your second question, about common ground with Carl, I’d say our common ground, that board, management, and Carl have is, we all want to drive long term shareholder value. That’s why we exist. We have a management team and a board that’s very focused on that, and I know that’s what Carl is focused on, driving long term shareholder value. Where we disagree is how to best get there. As I mentioned earlier, we and our board believe the best way to drive long term shareholder value is to keep eBay and Paypal together to capitalize on the opportunities, and the distraction and dissynergies of separation would be happening at exactly the wrong time. We’re in this window of opportunity of commerce. So we believe that’s the best way to drive shareholder value.  Now, where we probably also agree is that we’re undervalued, and our board, by approving a $5 billion share repurchase authorization, gives us the flexibility that if, over time, we opportunistically think we’re undervalued, we’ll act accordingly. So I don’t see there’s a reason to be fundamental disagreements here, but we’re all driving to build the most successful company and drive long term shareholder value.
John Donahoe: Mark, in international GNV, yes, this was below what we were hoping. We were hoping to get second half acceleration and we didn’t. You know, part of that, we’re fairly Europe exposed, and so the European economy has been uncertain, and it’s really hard to ascertain what’s market and what’s not. So I’m not going to sort of hide behind that. Germany is an area where we continue to work on proving our growth rate. It’s our second largest market. It’s a market where we’re growing slower than the market. We have enormous market share. We have between 25% market share, roughly. But we’re growing more slowly than the market, and ironically, the biggest driver of that is a trust gap in the eyes of consumers, and the biggest driver of that is that Paypal penetration is lower in Germany.  It’s the case, again, with Paypal and eBay together. Because Germans tend to pay in different ways, so over the last couple of years, we’ve been focusing on driving Paypal penetration up in Germany, and this year we’re going to significantly increase that emphasis, so that German buyers can buy with trust. The reason it’s related is, our ability to offer the buyer protection, the money back guarantee, is directly tied to Paypal. And so the higher up we drive Paypal penetration in a market like Germany, the more we can offer the money back guarantee to consumers, which gives them confidence. And then throughout the rest of the international footprint, we have, country by country, little issues, and so we’re continuing to address them, and whether it’s Korea, a fairly volatile ecommerce market. Some of the exchange rates moved, cross-border flows, in some funky ways in the second half. So there’s no single thing, but you can rest assured that we’re focused on our international growth, both in the marketplace and across Paypal.
John Donahoe: And one of the things, Bob mentioned the focus on share of checkout, one of the things that David and the Paypal team have done is they’re updating many of our key products. You saw that with the mobile product this year. You’ll see that with some products, most of you probably don’t see onboarding flows, merchant dashboards, and also even our core checkout products. The Web Checkout product will be updated over the course of 2014. And we think that will help drive healthy core growth. So, more to come on that.  All right, thanks everyone. We’ll talk to you in 90 days. Thank you.
