Jamie Iannone: Yes, good to hear your voice Ed. So on the seller side, what we're really focused on is how do we make that initial process of coming on to the platform extremely easy. So simplifying the registration process, simplifying onboarding and simplifying getting up and running on the experience. And then as they progress and build their business on eBay, how do we give them more tools and capabilities to help them continue to grow that business on eBay. We talked about one, which is enhancing our stores product, bringing that into the native app. I'll be honest with you though, I think we have a lot more work to do in areas like that where we can make it even better and give them increased tools. And so that's going to be a huge focus for us on that second pillar of being the partner of choice for sellers. On the momentum, we feel great about the 8 million new buyers. It's been -- it's more than the last six quarters combined. And what we're really focused on is turning those buyers into enthusiasts and keeping them on the platform. So you saw us this quarter reinvest in areas like app downloads and convincing new buyers on the platform to get the app. That's where the majority of our transactions happen on the platform. And I talked about some of the innovations that we're doing there like the dark mode on the app which is exciting, but we're also working on revamping the whole onboarding process for buyers, so how they come in, their first 30 days.  And we've just started that this quarter to really take advantage of the new buyers. But that's part of the vision that we've laid out is really just enhancing that ability to bring buyers along on the journey and increase their lifetime value with us. But we're excited by what we're seeing, excited by the early momentum of what we're witnessing from those buyers.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on the first one Doug, on the technology side, you're absolutely right. A huge focus for us. So first off, we have a really great world-class technology team in a lot of different geographies in the business. But we are focusing on augmenting that with even new capabilities. So we're building up our capabilities in AI and data science and computer vision. You may have seen features like easy image enhancing for our sellers. All that's coming out of kind of a next gen technology group that we've been building up. But it's a key focus for us because in that tech-led re-imagination, this company has been and always will be about how to create those game-changing technologies. To be candid though, there is also areas where we've got to get off of old legacy technologies. So part of it is just moving off of some of the older technology stack and modernizing that. The good news is that's in progress, but we're accelerating even that work. On the Classifieds deal, what I'd say is that we're really excited by the combination of the assets that our Classifieds business combined with Adevinta. When you look at the two of them together, it creates 20 leading markets in the classifieds business and creates the world's largest online classifieds business. So we're excited because it not only gives value to shareholders in the short term, but it allow us to participate in the long-term potential of this exciting new venture. And then the third thing that was important for us is now that we've divested StubHub and with his transfer of assets on Classifieds, it allows the whole management team, all of our technologists, the whole organization to focus on the Marketplace business. And then as you stated, in my remarks, I see a lot of untapped potential in that business. But there’s also areas where we haven't kept pace. And so I think that focus will also be good for the whole organization.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so great question. I'll start with the liquidity one. One of the benefits of the managed payments that we're launching and scaling here, we added several new countries and now we're able to really grow and ramp that with the changes a week ago with the expiration of the PayPal agreement. It is the exact ability to do what you're saying. So to make it easier for sellers and buyers to have their whole wallet and payments contained on the platform, it gives us more flexibility of things that we can do to really make that easy for them and so obviously transference is a huge benefit. The other thing I would say is that just getting buyers to sell, so just getting them to try it out, bring some inventory on, makes them a better buyer and it's because they've played on both sides of the marketplace. They've experienced the power of eBay. And so what we've seen is there a more than doubling of benefit to their buying behavior just like getting them to try selling. So we're really happy with that flywheel effect, it's something we're going to continue to lean into. As I've talked about the first pillar of consumer selling, that's the key piece of it. To your question on the inventory, we feel really beneficial because of the open and level playing field that we have. We can bring on that new consumer selling inventory, which is really valuable to have on the platform because it attracts a lot of buyers along with the SMB inventory that's there. And when I say we're focusing and getting back to non-new in-season it's not saying that you're not going to be able to buy a ton of new product, in-season product on eBay. We'll have that and always have that. But in terms of our focus, we think there is this massive opportunity, $500 billion in what eBay is fantastic and unique at. And we can build great fertile experiences. We can attract that supply. And that's where I believe there is just an enormous amount of untapped potential in going after it. And so really making sure that we nail everything about the buying experience end-to-end, having extreme customer focus will allows us to capture the potential.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on the first question, it's two parts, it's one about where we're focusing our technology investments. And a key part of that is that I think for quite some time we were chasing a little bit the new in-season and not really focused on what's the core experience and how do we leverage technology in those key core verticals where eBay has an amazing stronghold and in the inventory in a non-new in-season where there is a over $500 billion opportunity. And so to be candid, I feel like there are certain areas we let niche competitors take business away from eBay that should be done on eBay and shows you the potential that we have on eBay, if we really focus our technology effort in those areas that we know are features, tools, capability and new experiences that help buyers and sellers connect. A small example of that is, while we don't have a huge pickup business and there's a lot of categories where people do meet in person to exchange goods. And we just made it more seamless through these QR codes for the buyer and the seller. It's kind of a magical experience, the money flows and that's the benefit of doing managed payments and technology together as we can create those experiences for buyers and sellers. On the managed payments side, what we're really focused on right now is scaling that business. So we've got a lot of work left to do in kind of opening up all of the remaining geographies, bringing more sellers on, etc. But once we do hit that point, yes, like we're talking about earlier, there's opportunities to do more and help connect, and make it more streamlined for sellers on the payments. We do have a buy now, pay later option, our monthly pay option. That's in partnership with PayPal. PayPal continues to be an option for how to pay on the platform and a key partner for us. But to answer your question, yes, we'll be continually looking at ways that we'll make buying and selling via payments easier, and managed payments gives us that flexibility.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Then what I'd say on the managed payment side is a couple of encouraging things. One is the feedback that we're getting from sellers, generally very positive. The vast majority of them will see lower fees and have a simpler fee structure with the result of rolling it out. And a lot of them have signed up, pre-registered, so waiting for when we can open up the platform which we did two weeks ago. And I would say the same thing on the buyer side, especially for a new buyer, creates a lot less friction. And so we are excited and optimistic for what that means for the overall experience. And when I talk about a tech-led re-imagination, payments is the perfect example. It just makes the whole experience easier and better. We committed to it and put a lot of resources behind making it a great experience. And so far that's the feedback that we've been getting by both buyers and sellers.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So our incentive structure really hasn't changed over the years and it's based on a combination of top and bottom line. On the M&A opportunities and the acceleration, the focus, what I'd say has changed is the whole organization is now really focused on the vision that I have outlined. Now that without StubHub and now with Classifieds transferred to Adevinta, you've got the whole organization thinking about this overall tech-led reimagination from technology, marketing, product and these three kind of key focus areas. And so, yeah, we will look at opportunistic M&A where we think we can really help accelerate that focus on the core business. But like I said before, we see a huge amount of untapped potential just in going after these key experiences in key verticals of getting back to that kind of core C2C selling. And moving this idea I think for some years, we were acquiring buyers at all costs and really focusing on how do we turn buyers into lifelong trusted relationships and putting all of our efforts across product, marketing, technology, etc., around that focus. And I think it's that focus and that lean-in on the technology side in a big way, that's going to allow us to capture it.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So look this quarter, on the marketing side -- Heath, a great question. On the marketing side, we were able to lean in pretty well to the new buyers that we are acquiring. So both with kind of brand advertising talking about the small businesses, but also in a less competitive environment on the performance side of the business. When I talk about marketing, it's not just the spend, but it's also just our CRM programs, how we communicate, how we leverage things like email notifications, etc. And I think that we've built some good capabilities over the years, but I think we have a massive opportunity there to help buyers get up the lifecycle in an even better way. So that will also be an opportunity that we're really focused on. On the channel mix, we have the benefit of obviously, having lots of different channels for driving it. I would say the newest ones that we're really focused on are acquiring the Gen Y customers and looking at new opportunities in paid social and going after and making sure that customer is attracted. I talked to kind of really understanding the categories that attract that demographic on the platform. And so, I think you'll see slight shifts in terms of the marketing mix that we're looking at. But overall, we tend to leverage all the channels that we have to maximize the ROI that we can get off of that spend. And as I talked about, we're really focused on how do we get not just a new buyer onto the platform, but how we turn that new buyer into an enthusiast. And that's where I think the real unlock and the power of the model lies.
Andy Cring: Hey Brian, on guidance, look, as I said in my prepared remarks, there is a lot of unknowns. I'll say that we know more today than we did in April and we see more trends. I don't want to get into specific country and monthly trends, but we've seen an increased correlation with mobility around the world. And as I indicated in my prepared remarks, particularly Germany, Italy and countries where the mobility is improving and approaching in some cases pre-pandemic levels, we've seen a moderation in growth rate. That growth rate is still about pre-COVID levels, but it's lower than it was at the peak. And then similarly in the US, yes the growth rate is stronger than -- its not stronger, it's sustained, but it's stronger than some of the other countries given the given some of the progress on the virus that we had in the US.
Andy Cring: Look, I think if you look at the history of what we've done since separation, I think it's close to $20 billion or maybe a little over $20 billion of return to shareholders either through dividends or share buyback. And it's important to step back at that and then look at what we've done recently with StubHub. And our view is the most value we create for shareholders is going to be getting the Marketplace business back to growth. So we're going to continue to balance margin, growth rate, M&A, buyback in all of those different levers with the purpose of improving the performance of marketplace business and increasing shareholder value.
Andy Cring: Hey, Colin, maybe one more thing on margin rate. I just want to reiterate from my script the -- we remain committed to the margin commitments from last year, at least 2 points of margin by the time we get to 2022. And -- but through that time, we're going to -- you'll see us invest with balance and we're going to pace incremental revenue -- incremental investments with growth rate and earnings along the way. So no change to the long-term margin structure.
Andy Cring: I'll start I think with the second one on US contributions. I think it's really hard to point to any one thing, particularly stimulus is having a major -- being a major driver. I'm sure there is some impact at some level. I going to point back to the best thing we've seen globally in terms of an indicator is mobility. So -- and I think it is fair to say the US is significantly stronger than international regions, just given the impact of the virus in the US. In terms of -- on the macro question on international levels of GMV, pre-pandemic versus post, I think I'd point you probably to the Q3 guide relative to Q2 actuals. If you have the US -- similar to Q2 levels and the company with moderation of -- from a 29% growth rate to a high teens, you'll start to see -- you can back into maybe a little bit of the pressure in international. In addition to the fact that internationally, keep in mind, Korea with relatively stable growth rates quarter-over-quarter and significantly lower with much less impact from COVID in Q2 and into Q3. So again, moderating growth rates but still sufficiently higher than pre-COVID.
