Andrew Cring: Sure. Heath, it's Andy. I'll start with a couple of answers on guidance, and then I think Scott will kick in on the Classifieds side. I think what I tried to point out in the script and as you think about the volume guidance being relatively consistent year-to-year in the low single digit for Marketplaces, it'll have a very different dynamic half-to-half. The first half of the year with IST really at full ramp will look more like Q4. And the second half of the year will start to accelerate a little bit as we lap out of some of those states. When you elevate up and you look at that on a full year basis, we go from about a little over 1 point of IST impact in 2019 to something a little over 1 point of -- or 2 points of impact in 2020. So an additional point of pressure from IST or 2 full points of negative volume pressure from IST in '20. So that's how to think about that. And then on the less profitable revenue piece, we continue to refine how we allocate the marketing spend. And I think similar to the IST dynamic, it won't be drastically different impact '19 versus '20 where we feel like we'll have roughly 1 point of negative impact from continued refining -- continuing to refine how we allocate the marketing spend and eliminating some of the lower ROI spend.
Andrew Cring: Yes. I think on the half versus half, it's both. It's certainly an improved -- an increased lift from payments. As I said, we'll get 2 points -- roughly 2 points of revenue growth from payments in the year. And remember, we're capped through July on what we can do in the U.S., and we're -- and we'll quickly get to that cap in Germany here in the first and second quarter. So the majority of that 2 points of revenue growth is going to be coming in the second half. And then with -- and in GMV as well, you'll have the combined impact of the conversion improvements and initiatives we're working on that -- some of the things that Scott mentioned in addition to 1 point of improvement half-over-half just from lapping out of IST.
Andrew Cring: And in terms of number of sellers or percentage of sellers, through the year, we grew the number of sellers promoting items by over 80%. We exited the year, that was more than 1.1 million sellers and represents more than $320 million listings in Q4.
Andrew Cring: Thanks, Justin. Internationally, I think the 2 countries to call out are the U.K. and Korea for different reasons. The U.K. is primarily macroeconomic. We've been tracking our performance relatively well with what's happening on a market basis, and just the uncertainty around Brexit has put pressure on the growth rates in the U.K. And then Korea, as we mentioned for several quarters, though, it's been stable over the last quarter with the continued pressure from lower margin, tougher competitive couponing environment in Korea.
Andrew Cring: I'll start with the buyer number, Brian. It's actually up 2% year-on-year. So just to be clear, it's 183 million buyers. The churn, I don't think it's anything special in Q4. It's more a continuation of what we saw in Q3, and it's really following the increase in marketing we spent, the buyer-driven marketing spend that we had in the second half of last year, first half of this year, where we attempted to reactivate buyers and attract new buyers. And what we saw with those cohorts is visited less frequently, spent less, and we're churning out at a higher rate. And that became the CLV and the value of those buyers started to not be worth the marketing dollars we spent on them. So that's why we've been pivoting away from that towards retention and focused on some higher-value buyers.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. Heath, on the sale of Classifieds, look, it's, as I think everyone understands, a great business and a wonderful space. We've got one of the leading, if not, the leading asset in the industry. And this is about shareholder value creation. So at this point, I would not exclude any option, although it's unlikely that we would pursue an option of divesting platform by platform, which a lot of people have reached out on. That's not really in our, I think, our best interest or in line with maximizing shareholder value creation. But it's completely doable, and we're looking at all those options. And as I said, in fact, we'll have an update on that by midyear.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, Eric, this is Scott. I'd characterize 2020 marketing costs is coming down approximately in line with the same as we came down in 2019. And so we don't expect material headwinds in growth, but it will be reducing our underlying marketing spend. But within that, for sure, we'll be reallocating, as I mentioned, and that would include reallocating into a paid search to help growth where we think it makes the most sense and where the returns make sense as well.
Scott Schenkel: First on sneakers. Yes, look, it's an interesting question and certainly interesting in terms of what we did in December. As you might know, our online marketplace has one of the widest and most unique set of inventory of sneakers out there. And we have a history of experimenting with different types of selling promotions across different markets. And in this case, what we announced in December was a sneakers promotion that was a continuation of that practice of experimentation. It's in 2 markets and in sneakers over $100. And so what we're looking for is really how does the monetization change as you think about no final value fees in sneakers over $100, but there's other dynamics at play here, including first-party ads and other dynamics where we're trying to look at conversion and accelerated active buyers in those categories. And so to date, we've seen some added benefits, not only with additional Promoted Listings but also with additional listings by sellers, activity by buyers and GMV. And so as we look at that and then consider what we're going to do with the product, it gets pretty interesting from here. And we'll see where we go from here. But right now it's a very small scale but very interesting experiment.
Scott Schenkel: Look, on active buyers, a couple of thoughts. First off, active buyers is always important. We've indexed recently and overweighted on getting active buyers -- new active buyers into this ecosystem. And as we've been highlighting over the course of 2019, that's favored active buyer growth, particularly with new and -- what we call new and reactivated buyers. As we look into 2019 -- or '20, we'll continue investing in new buyers, but we're going to migrate some of that spend into getting those new buyers that we brought into the ecosystem over the next -- last 4 quarters and get them to try and buy more. And so it's going to be more about generating the GMV and the GMV from them while we look at and continue to explore ways to expand the GMV per buyer in our retained buyer base, which, by the way, in Q4 was very stable, which is, I think, great news. And as we pivot into next year, you can expect us to look a little bit less towards bringing a whole bunch of new buyers in but making -- continuing some investments there but expanding more into converting those buyers that we brought in last year and our retained buyer base as well.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, a couple of thoughts on payments first. I don't -- I view our payments evolution is going right on track right now. And the gradualness is only in the near term in the sense that we're guardrailed with what we can do between now and July. Once we're independent of the operating agreement with PayPal, we will go hard at not only the two markets that we're in and expand the number of sellers and the GMV that's covered in the ecosystem in both U.S. and Germany, but we'll expand into the markets in other corridors. And so we're on track, if not, better than we thought as we look towards the second half of the year. With regards to Promoted Listings, maybe I'll let Andy, if he has any numbers, weigh in on that. But on the Promoted Listings within the U.S., I mean, what you see -- or sorry, within on-platform Marketplaces business is roughly 30% of listings are actually getting some form of Promoted Listings utilization. And as we look forward, we'll learn from our Korea business, which has a much higher percentage but a completely different take rate. And so what we've said over time is that as we scale Promoted Listings and modify how we think about not only the user experience but also the monetization of those assets to make sure that it's a valuable thing for sellers, and they view it as marketing expense versus just a take rate and a requirement. And you can -- I would expect us to continue to iterate that as we move forward within the plans that we've laid out.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. So on Payments conversion impact, no, it's not down. I think that's just sort of a simple answer. What you do see with payments is different user behavior as you would imagine. Buyers now have more alternatives, and sellers have a series of tools from which how to manage their payments and connect their payments with their listing activity, which makes it easier for them. And so I think on both sides of the equation, this is a net positive. And certainly, the conversion's fine. On authentically eBay, look, the way I alluded to it last time, and what I would point you to in the script from today and the points that I made is as we think about not only how we've prioritize the product plans for 2020 but also as we think about which verticals that we experiment in. And again, this is based on leveraging the structured data work that we've done, the aspects that we've expanded upon recently and as we look towards 2020 and beyond, really indexing higher on verticals that are more authentically eBay that people think of. And as much as it's that, it's about also the inventory that they think of us in.  When we talk about vintage, collectibles, interesting items, et cetera, people think about us, and we just have to be more relevant not only in how we show up on our search results but how that inventory is searchable and findable on the site in a way that doesn't undermine new buyers coming into the ecosystem, as we talked about a lot last year and prior, and then most importantly, over time, also indexing on brands. So more to come on that as we move forward. But for right now, I think that's -- I think Pete and the team have done an excellent job over the course of the planning horizon and setting us up for a '20 plan that is very clearly focused on vertical categories, along with Jordan and the other regional country leaders, to really focus on where we think we can win.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, absolutely. Look, on the CEO search time line, we didn't lay out a plan or a time line, but just to reemphasize, the Board and a subcommittee of the Board is working very actively to find -- and interview and find the best possible candidate. With regards to headwinds in Classifieds, I think it's important to note that there's a combination of factors going on, particularly in our horizontal platform businesses. And each one has it just to a different degree. In particular, display ads are impacted by, a, what Andy called out, which is the shift to mobile devices, and that's been happening over time, and it's continuing and in some countries, accelerating. And the second is kind of the downstream impact of a lot of the changes within the privacy laws as well as what Google has done. And that limits, to some extent, both the market of display ads and the effectiveness as well as then what's showing up on our site. And I think that's pretty consistent across other players in the industry. That said, look, as we head towards 2020 and beyond, I think that'll normalize. And I think the teams have done an excellent job, as Andy called out, particularly in Kleinanzeigen as well as our automotive verticals to continue to expand and grow. And so I don't see this as a structural long-term concern. It's just more of something that we've got to work through, not dissimilar to the Internet sales tax.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, Brian, it's a great question. I think you answered it. It's a combination of conversion. I mentioned that in my script, and Andy alluded to it as well that a number of things that we've been doing in the ecosystem under the underlying structured data improvements and aspects that we've been collecting has given us the capability to then serve those ads up with more certainty about what people are looking for and what might fit on that page to improve conversion. The other side of it, then, obviously, prices fluctuate have been -- have gotten a little bit better. And then I think, finally, you're going to see us continue to look at where and how we place these ads to make sure that they're accretive to the user experience.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. I mean as we look at helping international, I think you got to pivot to on and off platform. And if you look at off platform, first off, Japan and Turkey continue to grow really well. Korea, as Andy mentioned, is relatively stable in a very tough macro situation and keeping in mind that they actually make money in that market, whereas I don't think anyone else does, and they're doing -- that team is doing a fantastic job of iterating on how to deliver growth in a market that has those dynamics. And I'd call out two things for them. One may be more applicable to the rest of the platform, which is loyalty programs. They've done an excellent job with Smile Club and other parts of the loyalty program to really capture over 2 million Koreans at this point that are part of our paid loyalty program that bring great inventory, a wonderful payments capability with credit included and first-party inventory listings and the kind of capability to bring great value there as well as a very retail-centric first-party set of inventory that's offered on the platform. And that's a bigger and big part of that part of the business every month. That team's done an excellent job. And so while they may not be growing at the same rate as some of the others that lose $1 billion a year, they're doing an excellent job at managing and driving profitable growth even if it's lower than the overall. And if you look at the on-platform businesses, there's a combination by market. We've talked about German -- the ePlus where we've got a loyalty program there, and we certainly learned and have incorporated aspects from Korea into the German platform. We have the same in the U.K. and the same in the U.S., and we continue to iterate around those. But I wouldn't point to any one per se other than maybe in the U.K., and we alluded to this in the past. But what you'll see in 2020 is a very unique integration with Royal Mail that's going to allow tracking, which doesn't happen today. On Royal Mail, it's going to allow tracking on eBay. That'll be unique to eBay. And so consumers in the U.K. will be able to see where their packages are and improve their trust and confidence in receiving and when they're going to receive their item. But there's a lot of different ones by country, but generally speaking, the larger platform -- on-platform dynamics that I talked about will apply to most of those countries across the board. Yes. So look, the stock is a good buy, which is why we continue to be aggressive with the buyback. And in terms of core eBay being part of the review, it's...
Scott Schenkel: Everything's part of the review. The way we approach it is exactly as we've talked to you about, which is we're disciplined in how we look at it, and we continue to iterate with the Board. So I wouldn't call anything specific out at this point, but we look at everything.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. With 2020 GMV, the Internet sales tax headwinds, really, what you see is particularly a high -- higher ASP items, especially in electronics categories that when people encounter at checkout sales tax, they bounce away. And the good news in that is that they are at least coming back, and we're not losing them other than that transaction. And so what you see is there's a chunk of GMV that's not returning, but it's not getting worse in the states that we've seen so far. And so I don't really see the dynamics there changing. And then the underlying conversion, we've had some minor benefits, but I wouldn't point to one thing above all the others. I think in a marketplace, in an ecosystem like ours, it's imperative to be working on the seller experience and making seller tools and seller dynamics better as well as the buy side. And I think, broadly speaking, some of the efforts that we did in 2019, as we look at conversion, improved and as we look towards 2021, improve. We're not pointing to one thing, but it's a series of things to try and improve the overall ecosystem.
