Devin Wenig: Carlos, thanks for the question. With regard to the structure data, let me just take the opportunity to remind you what we're doing. There are three phases to structured data, there's collecting product identifiers, there processing those identifiers, and then there's building user experiences. With regard to collecting product data we've now expanded that mandate to 60% of our listings with regard to what we processed that has lagged the 60% because it takes a bit longer, and our mandate only expanded in the middle of the quarter, so that's at 38%. And we're beginning to build the product experiences that ultimately are what matter to consumers and sellers and that will drive better business performance. We measure everything rigorously, so I gave a couple of examples on this call of the experiences that we are already building. One example is we're beginning to move our non-structured data enabled SCO pages to structured data enabled pages. Those pages are now stable to slightly growing at better conversion rates than the 90% of pages that we haven't moved yet, which have been declining for the better part of 18 months. In addition, if you look at our browse pass, these are entirely new experience which we're really excited about. Not just because it makes for a simpler eBay experience, but because I think we're beginning to show what's unique about eBay. When we talk about unique inventory and great deals, historically they've been hard to find. And I think what structured data enables us to do is to really surface those in a way that hits consumers right between the eyes so they can see why shop eBay. Just back to your question more directly. I'll say what I've always said which is this is a long-term process. There isn't a moment where it's all fix and everything jumps up. In fact I think I've consistently said that you probably wouldn't even be able to really see these experiences until towards the end of this year. So this is a slow process which will take time, but we are definitely seeing progress on that journey. And I'd say it's going about exactly the way we've explained for the better part of six months.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, Heath, thank you for the question. I guess I would – if I step back and lock at the macro landscape I would say we have a growing online sales environment offset by a fiercely competitive global landscape. It's always been that. I don't think that the competitive landscape has materially changed, at least in the last six months, but there are some shifts inside of that. And there's no doubt that there's certain categories like Fashion that are getting more competitive. I'll just remind you and everyone that we're going to compete, but we are going to compete by being different. We want a sharply different eBay that isn't like anybody else and that doesn't mean that competition doesn't impact us. But this is not a zero sum game in a growing environment and my view of how we win is to be distinct and sharply different, not like anybody else. With regard directly to your question around acquisitions. We've said it for a couple of quarters. We will be acquisitive. We have phenomenal financial flexibility and strong free cash flow dynamics. We are disciplined in the way we acquire. We don't swing wildly at things, but there is no doubt that in this environment there are opportunities and when we see those opportunities we'll capitalize on them.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, thanks for both questions. Let me start with Mobile. Let me remind you that we did something very substantial which was for our long-term success last September and that was to re-platform our Mobile experience so that we didn't have multiple groups developing for multiple mobile operating systems. We're now on a common platform where we can speed up and scale. With that said, we did disrupt our ecosystem a bit as we've signaled on the last couple of quarters and we're pretty clear about why that happened. It was a couple of different issues. There were a couple of UI changes. There was a bit of speed decline in the app itself. And we've been iterating on that and we've been in testing as I said in my remarks, and you can expect a significant new app release very soon. With that said, this isn't going get solved – it's not a one-shot deal. The fact that we're on that common platform means literally quickly, but I'd say we have growing confidence that we'll get back to a really strong track on Mobile soon. With regard to the second part of your question, it actually has nothing do with Google's right rail changes. We were an early adopter of PLAs so their changes on the right rail don't impact us at all. The SEO challenges really stem all the way back to May of 2014 when if you remember, without a structured data underpinning our pages that we expose to search engines, not just Google, but all search engines, were not really attached to our marketplace. There was a significant penalty that really has continued for the better part of 18 months. In many ways that was the impetus to move to re-platforming the business so that the new pages that we put on which now represent 10% of traffic are on a much more stable foundation. So for us, SEO is – I mean I don't think it's just the day in and day out challenges. It's the major challenge which we're addressing head on with the long re-platforming around structured data, and it will take time, but we are seeing progress there.
Devin Wenig: I'll take the first part. Scott can take the second part. With regard to – look we are a very large Marketplace with last year $85 billion of sales, so we sell a lot of everything. Let's be clear. But ultimately our success will not be the ninth party reselling in electronics device at razor thin margins. There will be plenty of people doing that. What's unique about eBay is the spectrum of value. The choices that you get. It's not just that new iPhone, it's the used iPhone. It's a manufactured reverb, it's 11 versions in between that frankly, only sit in our Marketplace. Then as you move down the tail, you get things that aren't just version unique. You get things that are completely unique like collectibles and rare items, and that's an important part of who we are. So, obviously we're going to sell a lot of different things, and we will sell commoditized items. But the reality to the question before about competition is not all competition is the same. Where it is commoditized items, obviously that's where competition is the greatest. We still sell a lot of it, but that's where the competitive environment impacts us the most. In many ways, that's why we want to move to being sharply different, and moving to being distinct, and moving to doing the things that only we can do. That's our strategy. So there's no doubt that there is a headwind from what I'd call commoditized items that require instant shipping. I don't think that's a lot of things, but that is in our strategy and we're not going to compete by being a logistics company. We're going to compete by giving people the greatest choice, the greatest deals and unique value. That's who we are. Scott can answer the EPS question.
Devin Wenig: Thank you, Scott. Look, we don't wake up in the morning and declare that we're a growth or profitability company. Our job is to grow value for shareholders by growing over time the free cash flow of the business. We want to grow faster. We are not managing to a lower growth rate. What we're doing is making investments that we think are really important for the long term of the business like the re-platforming. The hope obviously is that, when we get that done, we can push the efficient frontier of growth and profitability out. In other words, we can grow faster and maintain reasonable margins. I don't look at it as black and white. I think that where we see good opportunities we should invest in them. That doesn't mean, I think with three to four quarters now under our belt people understand we're not simply going collapse the financial architecture and swing wildly at things and grow at all costs. But I also want to be clear that, I'll invest in opportunities where we see them. We're running the company not for a quarter or a year. We're running the company to build the next 20 years of eBay. So that means being disciplined but also investing in opportunities that expand what we do and grow the business. With regard to the structured data part of your question. Yeah, I appreciate you saying that, because we have been very consistent saying it will take time and it will be gradual. I think today, if you look at our prepared remarks, I just wanted to broaden that lens a little bit. Structured data gets a lot of press but it's not the only thing we're doing. We're actually making a substantial number of changes to the company from the way we're organized to the way we acquire inventory, to the way we re-platform, to the way we expose that inventory in the product. I think you'll see parts of the eBay shopping experience change more in the next several months than they have, arguably, in years. So there's a lot into what we're doing and obviously for us we hope that if we do that, fast forward a couple years from now. It's different business and it's a business that's growing faster. That's our hope.
Devin Wenig: Oh, sorry. Sure. With regard to the site experience. There's a couple of examples that we've included in the attached slides. I think that, to step back from the slides for a second, there are – there is amazing inventory and amazing deals on eBay, but we've been really honest saying, they're not always easy to find. We've had one tool in our tool box and that's been search. If it doesn't show up in the first eight listings in search of ten times there are incredible things that consumers want, but they can't find it. To be honest, that's gotten worse with Mobile because consumers' patience on three-and-a-half inches of real estate is a lot less than it is on a desktop. The whole effort here is to improve discoverability. If you look at some of these new browse pages we're building, it's really simple. We will show you the best deals. We'll show you the best brand. We'll show you the best price. We want to make things really bulletproof and very, very simple particularly in a world that's going all mobile. So for me, that's what ultimate – there's a lot under the covers about how we're re-platforming, but it's about a great, simple, elegant consumer experience that exposes the best of what we're about which is our vast inventory. With regard to the marketing spend. We are experimenting more as I said last quarter, up the funnel. Right now it's experimentation. You'll see a little on television. You'll see us in other areas this quarter. But to be clear, we're not materially increasing our marketing spend at this point. We are repurposing spend that was down the funnel to up the funnel. What we're doing is, we're testing. You'll see a lot of medium mix testing. We're trying to figure out the efficient frontier of what we can do. And I don't want to do any significant brand work until the product has moved on. Because what I don't want to do is spend money a lot of money to bring people into a user experience that's changing. As the user experience evolves and as we get more comfortable that where – it will never be, we're never done, but as we get closer to where we think we're going be, we'll consider leaning into that spend and doing more. But my view right now is that, that would come out of – we spend a lot on marketing as a business. There's plenty of allocated spend that we can reallocate to go at that. If we think there's opportunity to do more vis-a-vis the other question we'll do it. With regard to auctions. Scott, do you want to take that question.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, to be honest, since sanctions over a year ago and the collapse of the foreign exchange rate our Russia business has not been at all strong, as you can imagine with an Import business and a collapsed ruble. And I don't see that changing. It's a tiny bit of our business and we did – we are maintaining what we're doing there and the hope that at some point it turns around. The future in Russia for e-commerce should be bright. There's growing wealth. There's scarcity of supply. They're very good dynamics and we've laid the railroad tracks. But if you ask me how our business is today, it's for hope the better part of the year it's been a disaster given the sanctions and the currency devaluation. But it really doesn't show up in our overall results. It's so small. On the macro, what we said overall, it's stable. We did see as we said last quarter a little bit of softness in December. When you look at the quarter at Q1 there isn't really nothing to see here. It was pretty stable. Any softness we saw was remediated and as a portfolio it's kind of steady sideways. It's not inspiring global growth but it's steady global growth. Obviously there's puts and takes in that. We have a global business like Apple does. Brazil has – some Latin American countries have been weak. We're seeing a little bit better macro impact in Europe. It's a mixed effect as it always is. If you'd step back and look at the overall we really haven't seen much change over the last 90 days.
Devin Wenig: Sure. New buyers will come from social, they've come from search. They'll come if we do top of the funnel marketing like we're testing now on me in outdoor and other places. The great thing about new buyers is, it opens up an entire world of new marketing levers. But we – there's a theme here. We don't run wild. We'll be disciplined about it. We're not going waste a ton of money. You can waste a lot of money and we won't do that. We will test, we'll learn and we'll start to open the funnel up as the product changes to where we want it to reaccelerate traffic in new user growth.
Devin Wenig: And look, I think a lot of that also impacts the cohorts that we look at. You mentioned one of them, but retained and reactivated buyers. As we focus marketing not only at the top of the funnel, and at SEO, and at social to bring in new buyers; it's also about improving our funnel of retained and reactivated buyers.
Devin Wenig: I – obviously our catalog, the 60% that we have covered are things that you would expect to have a catalog and they tend not be long tail items like an antique teapot or a baseball card. They tend to be electronics, and fashion, and home and garden. They're more mainstream categories that have higher velocity and have some structure to them. But, I don't think – really this is a horizontal re-platforming. It's not really specific to one or more categories. So I point at the horizontal in this case, not in the vertical.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, and Carlos on your question on U.S. GMV. Q1 volume purchased by U.S. buyers grew 5% as we highlighted in the deck in the attached material. That decelerated two points as you can see. One point of that deceleration was from StubHub and the other point of that deceleration was from the underlying buyer dynamics. And I would characterize them as similar to the deceleration in active buyers. Then on your other question around the foreign exchange impact. We have seen some modest improvement particularly in the last month of the quarter around CBT trade corridors. There does tend to be a slight lag between currency movements and trade flows.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, Mark, quick elevate up here on the revenue dynamics. So as we laid out, but I know everyone's kind of processing this real time, total revenue grew 6% up a point quarter-on-quarter. The Marketplaces revenue grew 3% up two points quarter-on-quarter. And then StubHub grew 34% which is flat quarter-on-quarter, and Classifieds grew 17% which was three points up quarter-on-quarter. Specific to the U.S., I would characterize it this way. There's a one point incremental gap in the U.S. Marketplace transaction revenue versus GMV growth quarter-over-quarter. And so that gap expanded as we ran a number of different promotions in Q1 to test the efficacy of our marketing spend, some of which shows up in contra. And so modestly more contra quarter-over-quarter. With regards to Classifieds we kind of called it out in the prepared commentary. But our primary market in our developed countries such as Germany with [indiscernible], Mobile as well in Germany, as well as Gumtree in the U.K. really continue to show strong or stronger growth quarter-over-quarter.
Scott Schenkel: Hey, Eric. For EPS, we have a chart in the back for Q2. For the total year I'd refer you to my prepared remarks. And in short it was – we are raising the low end of revenue guidance to 3%, bringing the new guidance range for revenue to $3 to $5, or $8.6 to $8.8 billion. And then I flagged that there would be – I have that second half effectively at January 27 foreign exchange rates. And if you equated that to spot today, that there would be roughly $80 million upside to our second half, and thus full year revenue. But all other full year guidance remains the same.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, I think auctions has been on a multiyear deceleration. To your question, is there an end in sight? I think there is probably an inflection point where we hit the level of GMV that quite frankly is best suited to an auction format and that's largely determined by our seller base and to some extent our buyer base. And so, where that ends. I think as we get down to elements of price discovery that aren't facilitated by either online research or a catalog, I think we'll start to see that tail off, decelerate into something a bit more stable, or at least that's what we believe.
Scott Schenkel: I think it would be a little bit premature. I think it's – since it's more a derivation of the inventory sold on the site, whether they're buyers and sellers and how they're finding price guidance and/or determining price, is a bit hard to say.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, Doug. Let me take your last question first. We have been in the $500 million to $600 million a quarter. And what we said for 2016 was, we would continue on a pace consistent with that plus offsetting dilution and we have in effect offset the dilution in Q1 in addition to the $500 million to $600 million per quarter. We're not changing our expectations and our guidance for the rest of the year. With regards to Q2 guidance, maybe a few thoughts. Seasonally we do experience a deceleration in EPS from Q1 to Q2. And much like we saw last year, it's really a combination of not only revenue obviously, but our expense profile. And as such the guidance is 40 to 42. A couple of points worth noting. First off, the guidance to your question assumes spot rates as of today. I'm not – you shouldn't read anything into that other than we put spot rates as of today because it's relatively upon us. And within that we've also guided to the 4% to 6% revenue. A couple of things within the cost space. One, we don't have any favorability expected from another insurance favorability in G&A, and so I would expect G&A to pop back up as a percentage of revenue for Q2. And then for the rest of the year that sort of normalizes because we'll be past standup. Then secondly below the line we're going to get an impact from incremental debt that we put on in Q1. And so that's factored into the guidance, as well.
Scott Schenkel: Now, Richard, the thing I'd add onto that, that's all right and I would say that at this point, the total eBay mobile volume is 44% and the percent of GMV touched by Mobile is 55%. So this is obviously a larger and larger channel for us.
