Devin Wenig: Thanks for the question. Vis-à-vis GMV I think you're right to point out the fact that GMV has dipped before and then reaccelerated. I've seen it several times in my time here at eBay and I start by looking at the kind of core health metrics and to me those – I always go to buyer growth and traffic, both of which are healthy and stable.  We are going to focus intensely on conversion as I said. We'll focus intensely on improving that traffic and buyer grow through an evolution of our SEO strategy, we’ll focus on resetting marketing a little bit so that we are at a healthier basis when we enter ‘20 and obviously in ‘20 we’ll kind of lap that we’ll end up with I think a healthier ROI on that spend.  So I think that we've built a very solid foundation, but there's some things we've learned and we’ll make adjustments on that, and I think that gives us confidence that GMV will – this is not a trough of GMV, but we have the opportunity to accelerate beyond this. Keep in mind that in addition to GMV there is an important revenue dynamic in ’20, which is in the second half of the year. We begin to operate our payments initiative without the operating agreement and you've seen that advertising is scaling nicely and we assume that it will continue to scale nicely.  So I have a high degree of confidence in accelerating revenue growth in ‘20 and we believe that the actions we are taking in ‘19 will set us up well for reacceleration of GMV as we move forward beyond this year.  Vis-à-vis operating margin, you know we're not going to guide obviously out beyond 2019. I just say with the dynamic I just said, we’ll look for whatever opportunity there is to drive the improvement and growth of operating income and in part that will depend on what growth is. But I do think given that in the second half of the year payments will reverse, start to reverse from an investment to a revenue contributor. The opportunity is there to go further if we can -- if that's the most efficient way to drive operating income growth. So I think we've got a number of levers. We feel very good about our opportunity to deliver this year and then even better as we enter 2020. Thanks for the question. 
Devin Wenig: I'll take the first part just vis-à-vis holiday and December and then I'll turn it to Scott for the rest of it if that's okay. You know look, I think obviously it hard for us to know what happened out in the market beyond our own platform. But what we did see is over the last few years there has been a shift in holiday spending. There's been an acceleration into November, there's been acceleration into deals, there's been an acceleration into the kind of peak November shopping season, because consumers know they're going to get good prices around that time. This year what we did see is kind of across the board, a slowdown in December. Is that simply a remix of holiday shopping? Is that a macro effect, I don't know, and I think we'll wait and see what the landscape looks like. But we did see that affect more pronounced this year than we have in prior years.  And Scott, can take the second part of the question. 
Devin Wenig: Thank you Colin. On the first part vis-à-vis marketing, you know we did a high degree of experimentation last year. We tried a lot of different new things. We pushed to the efficient frontier of returns and frankly we push far beyond. And we did that to see what we would get in terms of return, not just in GMV but in buyers and healthy CLV. We’ve always been disciplined marketers, we are very ROI driven, always have been.  And as we reduce GMV already in the new - sorry as we reduce our marketing already in the New Year we've obviously taken out the lowest ROI spend that we saw last year. There was some things we did that worked very, very well and there's some things we did that did not return well. So that will have a GMV impact. We expect it will have a GMV impact in the short run, but it won't have a value impact. In fact taking it out we’ll increase value overall but have a short term headwind on GMV growth. That’s reflected in our guidance.  So we are being surgical about what we take out. Let's keep in mind we are not stopping marketing, we're still going to market, but we're being very surgical in the way we reduce marketing spending throughout the year and particularly in the first half.  Vis-à-vis Flipkart, we have relaunched eBay India, that is phase one. Phase one is without domestic selling, but it is a domestic experience. Right now Indian buyers are seeing eBay.India again. We put that back into the market on New Year’s eve. And phase 2 will be the ability for domestic sellers to sell directly in the Indian market and obviously today domestic Indian sellers are exporting as they were before the Flipkart transaction. So the export businesses is live, the domestic buying experiences is live and the next phase will be the domestic selling experience.  I would say there are multiple opportunities, there are many other parties that have approached us about potential collaboration. We'll see how that goes, but I don't think – I think the Indian market is still in its early phases. There is plenty of growth left. There won't be one or two parties that make up the entirety of the Indian ecommerce opportunity and we certainly intend to have a share of it. 
Devin Wenig: Thanks for the question. On the first part, look I think our actions on the last three years proved that we are constantly reevaluating our portfolio and we will and we have taken actions that are in the best interest of our shareholders and will continue to do that. Vis-à-vis our existing portfolio there are real and substantial synergies as I mentioned and they are growing across that portfolio and those synergies are not only for our shareholders, but for our customers. But we always evaluate our assets and will continue to do so.  On the second part of your question, I don't – look, it’s an intensely competitive industry. We are competing for $11 trillion of commerce. There is nothing fundamentally that changed in the last 30 or 60 or 90 days. It makes for a good headline, but the fact is there's no incremental competitive pressure that changed our results materially. It is super competitive and it has been. It was a year ago and it is now. Is it slightly more competitive, maybe, but did it dramatically change this holiday or last quarter, it did not. 
Devin Wenig: You know vis-à-vis the cohort of customers, we are always watching that. I don't think there are material differences to the cohort of customers we've acquired say in the last 6 months from those that we've acquired in previous cohorts. We measure that all the time to make sure that there's not something in our marketing spend or the way we target that is bringing in a less valuable set of customers. So we are constantly adjusting that.  Keep in mind that at 4% we are adding a couple of million buyers a quarter and that's against the base of $179 million. So it takes time to mix this out. It's still a small number against a very large number, but for the reasons I said, we'll be aggressive about continuing to push the new product experiences with are resonating well. The new customers are converting well on those experiences and vis-à-vis the existing customers, it's more a factor of what we don’t do rather than rolling it back.  We tried and tested in select populations, we didn't have it rolled out broadly. We're hoping we could, but we'll go slower with that base. So there is no disruption of those customers and they are largely stable. 
Devin Wenig: Yeah, I feel good about – I feel good that we can deliver on behalf of our customers with these levels of investment. Keep in mind a lot of our priorities will continue. The tactics are evolving as the real experiences reach real customers, but building out our catalog and structured data will continue. That will continue to be an investment that’s critical to our future.  We’ll continue to invest tech resources in payments and ads, we’ll continue to invest in search improvements, we’ll continue to invest in conversion improvements. I would not enhance the margin in the short run if I thought that that was going to compromise the technology platform or our customers experience in the midterm or long term. We won’t do that. We have opportunity given lower growth to adjust marketing which we said. The areas will be ruthless about finding efficiencies. You heard from Scott about how ruthless we've been with G&A and we’ll continue to be.  I think it’s a very healthy discipline in the face of lower growth to drive expansion and to drive operating income improvement which is what we'll do. But we will not, we will not touch critical capabilities or critical priorities. We would not do that in the face of trying to generate a lot expansion in a quarter or two. We are running the company on behalf of customers, employees and shareholders for the long term and every decision we make is with that in mind. 
Devin Wenig: I’ll let Scott answer the second. On the first part, I start and stop with the customers and if I take a platform like eBay Classifieds, increasingly this is just becoming one consumer selling experience. It's really becoming an experience where you list and your listing ends up on both eBay and classifieds, including the reverse, which is you may list on classifieds and it ends up on eBay.  To me, I said this before, I'm not saying anything different, classifieds is just the selling format. It's selling locally as opposed to selling globally, but its consumer selling to consumers which is something that eBay has done in its entire history.  Vis-à-vis StubHub increasingly we are directing traffic and ticket sales to step up from the core eBay market place. If you go on StubHub and buy something today, you very well may see eBay being merchandise in the check-out floor – merchandise for your team or your event. We’ve really started this at the beginning of 2018 and are just getting up to scale. But with classifieds we've proven that we can deliver for customers and we can grow those cross platform synergies. We tend to do that with a classifieds and StubHub.  Scott can answer the marketing question.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, I’ll take the ads question. The pricing has been pretty stable so far. We've seen the growth coming from both the source seller adoption and the sync buyer consumption. So pricing has been stable. I think as we move forward the sources of additional grow, the sources of being able to continue to scale at this rate which has been high is three areas: one, on the seller's side more opportunity for sellers to source first party ads. We still haven’t fully opened up the funnel to sellers. One example would be API access, our biggest sellers who genuinely interface with eBay though APIs, not through seller hub. We don’t yet have access to first party ads here if they want it. So we’ll open that up, that’s just one example.  For buyers there will be more placements through things like unified ranking which will make sure that we're serving the right listing, to maximize conversion; through search and browse results not a separate slot for first party ad. The algorithm should fully understand how to maximize every pixel on the screen and that's where we're moving to.  And then finally the model, there's been demand for a CPC model to go along with the CPA model and I would expect that at some point during the year, we’ll roll out a CPC model for brands in particular to complement the CPA model. 
Devin Wenig: Yeah I had a little trouble hearing you, but I think the question was really about product experience and the dynamic between new users and existing users, something like that. 
Devin Wenig: Yeah, I think you know really everything we do is built on structured data at this point. So we’ll expand the catalog further as I said which will help in the SEO outside the environment ecosystem. But yeah, well a lot of the existing base particularly buys, we are really talking buyers, they will get conversion improvements and frequency improvements. We are doing a lot of drive frequency of existing buyers, so that they use eBay in different ways than just the rare purchase.  You know a lot of – when we call – when we think about churn, a customer who didn’t buy in the last year, often times that’s now somebody who we lost, it’s just somebody who uses eBay in a very niche way and there are a lot more opportunities for them to shop more broadly on our platform. So we think that’s both product and marketing messages frequency will become a bigger part of what we do in 2019. I think that's another way we'll start to build a healthier based towards ’20.  So you'll see new users get more aggressive. What I would call retail like experiences, and existing will get more incremental, but still important improvements to conversion and similar. For sellers they will get protections, they'll get more data, they'll get better tools. We’ve got a big road map on behalf of our sellers and we are excited about that.  So we are very dialed in to tactical and targeted product enhancements in 2019 that will set us up well for both ‘19 the guidance you’ve heard and beyond. 
Scott Schenkel: Just a couple of points Eric that I’d kind of supplement to what Devin answered to Ross. I think first, the first half of the year had higher growth, better conversion and it's going to be tougher lapping; that's reflected in our Q1 guide. Ultimately it will be reflected in our Q2 outlook, no doubt. And as we phase into the second half, we started to see the deceleration with weakening conversion and that ought to provide some easier lapping from a first half to second half dynamics.  And then you know as I flagged in my comments you know we've got an operating margin dimension as well that will make first half look a little bit higher, second half little lower from foreign exchange. But we expect to kind of fall within the range that we gave for the full year, both on revenue and EPS. 
Scott Schenkel: Both good questions, thank you. Vis-à-vis payments, I think that the best analogy to look at is historically non-PayPal customers, because obviously PayPal we have not turned on yet, we will turn that on later in the year. So we have looked at historical credit card purchasers on eBay and ApplePay users on eBay and both are showing higher conversion in the new payment experience. So we have confidence that we are on the right track and we’ll obviously measure the PayPal base once PayPal is wired on, but we think it is a good experience.  I've rarely seen something that has so many positive benefits for customers, for our shareholders, for our partners, payment providers. There is a lot of goodness to go around with this and we are really seeing positive early signs. Keep in mind, this is an optional trial. So nobody is required at this point to be using payments intermediation, yet we’ve done a 140 million since we launched and its growing rapidly. So we feel really good about the opportunity and I think quarter-by-quarter the market will begin to see that, that this is real and it's happening and it's going to get really real after the second half of 2020.  On Japan, Japan asset is growing very, very nicely. It’s a young asset, so it is – it's not yet at scale but it is a very differentiated asset in the Japan market. The Japan market is fairly mature. You've got a couple of big entrance players like Yahoo!, like RocketOn, like Amazon, and we are growing rapidly with a different base. It’s a business that is more browse and search oriented. It's a business that has more millennials, more women; it's a business more skewed to fashion and soft goods categories and it’s doing great.  We couldn't be happier with the acquisition and it's potential in the future. It is carving out a meaningful niche in a very, very large – the world's third largest Ecommerce market where we've had nothing and now we look forward and say this is going to be a big business for us in several years.  Thanks for the question. 
Scott Schenkel: Yeah I mean the largest deleverage that you mention is really driven by market places. I had highlighted a few contexts that I think we talked about in the past. But first remember we've been shifting away from incentives that end up showing up in contra and as those shift and move into the marketing expense line that pushes up a few areas.  First off, buyer coupons and those buyer coupon have been focused on both, new and reactivated buyers, as well as retained buyers to try and influence buying decisions. As Devin talked about, we pushed that spend pretty far out the curb and we’ll be modifying that as we look out into 2019 and one area that we’ll be cutting back.  Second, we pushed pretty hard on SEM stand, Search Engine Marketing spend to really try and compensate for the softness that we saw in our SEO channel and as Devin talked about, we have been working on our SEO channel with a number of different activities in 2019 that should favor that as we're able to dive back a little bit SEM spend in ’19. And then finally, I'd call out brand spend. We certainly spent more in Q4 than we did in earlier quarters around brands than more than we’ve spent in prior years and we’ll dial that back a bit, but you should expect us to be spending on branding over the course of ‘19 as well, just not to the same extent as we did in ‘18. 
Scott Schenkel: Yeah Dan, to your questions, first off we do have kind of M&A basked into our outlook. I would say grossly speak – at gross levels that we talked about in the past and so enabling us to continue to be accusative within the same strategy, it was talked about within you know geo expansion tech and talent newer verticals. And we expected that to continue and that's assumed in our outlook.  With regards to debt, you know look this is an evolution of our capital structure. You know as I talked about, we are targeting $3.5 billion of cash and 1.5x net debt, net leverage ratio. I think that allows to be aligned, align our capital structure and our cash generation profile, that’s super strong with our priorities and our shareholder returned objectives that we talked about.  And to the extent that you know the ongoing user, you know the ongoing use and access to capital debt markets that we need to, we’ll do so and if we don't need to we won’t and so we are leaving ourselves a little room as we move forward there.  Devin, on the second.
Scott Schenkel: Look Justin, generally I mean you know we don't comment about inter-quarter trends. I would just say that you know at this point January kind of ended up about where we thought it would and was kind of in line with the extra trajectory of December and so that’s about I’ll say on that one.  GAAP to non-GAAP look we absolutely think about GAAP versus non-GAAP all the time. As you guys know we provide all those reconciliation, implied in our Q1 and 2019 outlook you can see that our stock based compensation is not going to – is not expected to increase this year, our expectation is flat. That will bring us closer in-line, not to mention the amortization of intangibles also is come down and so that’s bringing us closer in line.  There is of course unusuals and they have been significant unusuals for all U.S. based companies around the world with this last year with U.S. Tax Reform, not to mention then how you adjust and go forward. And so as we look at it, we closely monitor our cost at every line item both GAAP and non-GAAP. I think we've demonstrated our capabilities to control those costs and also articulate them and I feel pretty good about the operational aspects of the GAAP outlook for ‘19 in particular. 
