Devin Wenig: I’ll talk about the investments and then Scott can just frame it. It’s not a lot different than what we’re doing. We think we’re on the right track and we will continue to build out our catalog and continue to build out our structured data foundation. You’ll see an accelerating pace of user innovation on top of that meaning the eBay site will continue to evolve. There are some significant product deliverables in the second half built on that foundation, which we’ve already announced, which in the coming weeks and months we’ll update on when the delivery is, but there is significant move on things like guaranteed delivery and things like authentication. And all of that’s built on the same foundation and we’ve already discussed that and we think those are on the right path. You’ll also see us continue to expand the brand advertising campaign. As an example, we’ve launched it in the U.S. We have not launched it yet internationally and that will happen in the second half. So on the back of those things, what we’re seeing is traffic improve, buyers improve and conversion improve. We like that. So, we’re going to keep expanding the surface area of that and it’s on that basis that we’ve given the guidance in the second half that we’ve given, which implies continuing improvement. I don’t know if you have anything to add, Scott.
Devin Wenig: How the brand campaign is doing? I just say – look we’re pleased with it. I think the response has been really good. To some extent we started feathering brand marketing in earlier in the year, but we really kicked that in at the back half of Q2 and you’ll see that continue throughout the year and expand internationally. We’ve seen traffic respond nicely. It’s a little early to be calling virus, but we’ve seen traffic respond nicely and we’ve seen that traffic come from new to eBay users, which is really the intention of a brand campaign as to expand those – expand our consideration. And you know a month, a month and a half in, we think that’s happening, but with all brand campaigns you’re going to keep it on and that’s what we’re going to do. So we’ve – again, it’s – these are all themes, we think we’re on the right track and we’re going to keep doing it but on an accelerating pace.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, those are stable. Those are kind of in line with where they’ve been because we haven’t yet fully penetrated that. If you look at where we’ve taken structured data in the last quarter in Q2, we’ve really expanded its presence in SCO. We’re up to 22% of total SCO shares now on these new experiences. And it’s interesting that those experiences have been in place for longest in SCO and we see the most surface area. And I think two quarters ago, we started saying, we’re seeing really nice double digit conversion gains, those are actually moved up again this quarter. And we’re really seeing very nice traffic acceleration in SCO now. So we like that. In the core where we’re just starting to intersect with things like search in the homepage, we’re pretty stable and I guess that’s to be expected. We think that will move up over time. But we also said you’re not going to get the gains at the edge that you’ve got near the middle, near the core. We think we will get gains, but it will be a bit of a different profile. But still this is playing out kind of the way we had hoped it would, which is we’re seeing conversion gains, we’re improving SCO, we’re moving from the edge into the core. And I’ll just reiterate what I said, I believe last quarter, which is this is not -- the pace isn’t linear. It’s actually going to speed up in the second half. And you’ll be able to see the new experiences in eBay from space by this holiday and we still believe that, that will be the case.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, two good questions. So let’s start with active buyers. On the seller side, we’re seeing a really nice acceleration of the number of sellers on eBay. It’s the second straight quarter of acceleration. So we’re seeing a lot of small and medium-sized businesses start selling on eBay for the first time, we’re really happy about that. I also talked about brands while we’re acquiring a lot of SMBs and small sellers, we’re also starting to acquire brands at an increasing pace, which is excellent. I am really pleased about that. So listings. I think what’s interesting is over time, listings, as structured data penetrates our site and our experiences, listings will become a less important metric than products will. We’re not quite there yet, but I’ll just give you one example. So listings are growing, but we’re working with sellers to take duplicates now. And we’ve been pretty aggressive about that right now because it clutters the site and it depresses conversion. So listings might not linearly or exponentially keep going up. There may be periods when it comes down but we’re actually adding the number of products. So the most important thing are sellers and inventory and both are increasing at an accelerated pace. Vis-a-vis marketing, Colin, we’re doing both at the same time. So we’re doing the brand and there’s a significant amount of consideration work that’s implicit in the brand. But we’re also doing a lot of the normal advertising that we do, which is buy this. And you saw some very active over the last several weeks selling our deals, selling deals that are in our Price Match program. So it’s all of the above, and that’s implicit in our expectation of further acceleration in the second half.
Devin Wenig: It does, two [indiscernible]. So our first-party advertising business is a big priority. We think it’s a really good opportunity, and it is growing rapidly. It is also small, and it is not a major factor in our second half guidance. So implicit in our guidance is standard GMV, the way we’ve historically defined it, will continue to improve. But with that said, we haven’t backed down on the 1P opportunity at all. This quarter, we continue to expand the SKUs that are available, the number of sellers it’s available to. And an example is in our latest seller release, some core anchor stores got credits for promoted listing. And that’s about to activate and they’re about to start using those credits to further enhance the penetration of 1P ads. So we’re kind of in a year-over-year – really acceleration here [indiscernible]. Keep in mind, our commitment to the ecosystem was while this ramps, we’re also going to take down third-party ads that bring people off of eBay. And then as an example, you heard in Scott’s remarks, this quarter, we took down our off eBay PLAs entirely in the U.S. So in the MS&O line, you’re seeing a little bit of mix shift between transaction, revenue and MS&O. And if you net the two, you’re not yet seeing the type of growth that we’re seeing on the left side of the ledger, if you will, because on the right side of the ledger, we’re taking down ads that suppress GMV and make the ecosystem less healthy. And we’ll keep doing that until we get to the place where those bleed off and then we’re just in the growth phase of the 1P ad strategy. On the U.K. thing, I wouldn’t – look, we are still bringing in a lot of small businesses. And in many ways, that’s the heart and soul of our company, and we’ll continue to focus on them. I don’t – I’ve never viewed it as one or the other. I’ve never viewed it as a large professional seller can’t sell right alongside a very small mom-and-pop seller, even a consumer. To me, that’s what is unique about eBay. What’s unique about eBay is the seller base in the inventory and we’re actually leaning into that to make sure that we don’t end up as a me-too to any other competitor. But we occupy a very distinct place in the e-commerce world. And it’s for that reason that we’re being more aggressive than ever reaching out to small sellers. And a great example of this is the Shopify deal where Shopify has got lots of small merchants will bring onto our platform. And you’ll see other activities in the second half of us getting more aggressive in small seller acquisition. Thanks for the question. Next question.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, on gross margin, I think it’s more the same. I think you’ll continue – we’ll continue to see the dynamics with our Ticketbis business along with first party from Korea. And so those dynamics I don’t expect a massive shift between first half to second, but it will continue to be the factor in our overall gross margin. On Classifieds, we’re the world’s leader in consumer selling and it just happens to be the Classified as a format for consumer selling. We sell globally, we allow consumers to access global consumers and we allow them to access local consumers. But both of those are important. It happens to be we’ve organized it as a business unit, but it is part and parcel and core to our business. To directly answer your question around synergies, the synergies are getting more and more every quarter because we’ve co-mingled the inventory now, so our buyers can see the best inventory whether or not it ends up being listed on a Classified format or on core eBay format. So we talked about that integration two quarters ago, and we’ve seen GMV each quarter improve since we’ve rolled it out two quarters ago. So to me this absolutely core part of eBay. We’re good at it, we’ve grown it over a decade, and it wouldn’t have grown the way it has grown if not for being part of our business.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, I mean, the first party – I’m going to breakout Korea first party. It’s not in the greater scheme of things a massive contributor on dollars. On a year-over-year basis, it’s been growing nicely and does impact gross margins and that’s why we’ve called it out. With respect to margins, a couple of things. As I called out, foreign exchange was 180 basis points of the – was 80 basis points of the 180 versus prior year decline in margins. The rest of the decline was really driven by investments in and the integration of Ticketbis. And so at a broad level, if you want to call that an unusual, that’s a year-over-year change that’s driving most of it. But similar to the last couple of years, we’ve offset many of the investments that we’ve been making to accelerate growth via leverage/productivity. And so I feel like as we look at the first half of the year, there’s always unusuals. We’ve called out Ticketbis in this case. But the fact of the matter is, I think, we’ve done a reasonably good job of operationally trading off the investments with productivity, recognizing that we do have that Ticketbis acquisition and foreign exchange. Maybe a bit more dynamic and get to your other question about foreign exchange, if you look at the last two years, those dynamics aren’t that dissimilar with the ad that I would put in here, which is we had a standup costs in the first year of separation. And so again, a little bit of an unusual as we stood the company up as a standalone entity. As we look at year to year, we’re able to offset much of the foreign exchange impact, the gains that we recorded historically in line and now that will be in revenue, as I called out in my remarks. But over time, a stronger U.S. dollar will pressure our margin rate and over time, a weaker will help. But it’s going to be muted on both sides, if not eliminated, with our hedging programs.
Devin Wenig: On acceleration in market places, we have seen nice progress in fashion, we’ve seen nice progress in electronics, we’ve seen nice progress in home and garden. To some extent, the investments we’re making are horizontal. They have lifted the water line for all of our categories. But I’d say we’re particularly excited in the second half about fashion, electronics and home and garden as we approach the holiday season in the second half. On seller services, the way that I look at what we’re doing for our bigger sellers who need – who generally take more services is we’re beginning to package the suite of services like Seller Hub with an increasingly rich data profile and that’s becoming part of our store subscription. So you can almost think of it as the store subscription is almost Seller loyalty plan where they’re paying us a fee. For that, they’re getting both price benefits to listing, plus a set of services like data and inventory management in the new products that we launched within the last year. So we’re not yet offering other services to those sellers. But I think we’ll see as that expands over time if there are other products and services that they want that we can begin to add more and more value to our stores. That’s the way we kind of looked at the commercial model vis-a-vis our larger sellers.
Devin Wenig: I won’t get into the kind of where we are at this week but I would say that we’re seeing improved -- we’re generally seeing improvement in all the metrics that we want to see. We’re seeing as time goes on and as we penetrate more and more with our strategy, our new product, our better customer experiences, we’re seeing buyers traffic and conversion improve. And it’s that, that gives us the confidence to give the guidance that we gave. So I won’t get into this week versus last week, but I would say this business has gotten healthier consistently over time. It’s not always perfectly linear. But we think we know. And we expect to see the continuation of that. And we also expect to see acceleration in the second half. We’re going to go faster with a lot of the foundation now in place, and I’m seeing the results we’re hoping for, we’re going to go accelerate and go faster. So it’s -- that’s implicit in it. And I just say vis-à-vis, the revenue growth, Scott will talk about the FX, the GMV acceleration is the primary driver of the revenue acceleration. They tend to go in lockstep.
Devin Wenig: It’s a little bit different because the homepage is obviously a different experience on mobile than it is on the desktop. But what I would say is that historically for everyone’s e-commerce business, mobile conversion is less than desktop conversion. But we’re seeing improvements in mobile conversion alongside the improvements of the desktop from a lower base but we’re seeing the improvements as we begin to roll the structured data experiences out to mobile as well. So SCO on mobile is driven just the same by structured data experiences. Our product pages are now in our native app and in our mobile web experience. So it’s moving right along at the same, yes, mobile is less than desktop, but it is for everyone and we’re seeing it move up lockstep with the desktop, so we’re pretty pleased by that, no real difference depending on the floor mat.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, let me work backwards real quick, first off on active buyers. As Devin called out excluding India we grew active buyers by 5%, which accelerated nearly a point quarter-over-quarter with particular strength in the U.S. and we’d call that also augmented by Korea. Three dynamics under there, some of which we’ve talked about, some of which I’ll just expand upon. First is retention. We continue to see that stable as we exposed more users to our new experiences. New buyers, we see new buyers coming particularly from our new SEO landing pages based on the structured data pages that that underlie that. And we’re starting to activate the brand much more at scale than we have and we expect that to supplement new buyer growth with increased consideration. This is in early phases, but we’re happy with the early start. If I go back to your first couple questions, first maybe start with guidance. You know as I called out the Q3 organic revenue as well as the total year organic revenue of between 6% and 8% is really going to be based on the acceleration that we expect to see in marketplaces GMV and revenue. The pricing change that we made will continue to favor transaction revenue and much of that as I call that my remarks will be reinvested to try and accelerate the pace that we see in our growth. What was the other one? Active buyers…
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, let me double click real quick on Marketplaces GMV. If you back up here, we’ve accelerated Marketplaces GMV from 4-ish to 5% to 6% over the course of the last year, and this has been driven by the U.S., which has accelerated roughly one point per quarter over that same time period, while international has been relatively stable. So we’ve made the most improvement, as Devin called out, to our foundation and as well as changes to the Marketplaces ecosystem in the U.S. and we’re in the – and we’re further along in the brand activation, as Devin called out, in the U.S. And those improvements, the changes in the ecosystem, the brand are in the process of rolling out across our platform and our properties internationally. And so in a global ecosystem, it’s highly dependent on many factors. But as I said, things won’t always be linear, but we believe we’re making the right investments and we’re making balanced trade-offs to drive that growth, and our outlook and guidance assumes that.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, I mean, we talk about Classifieds and eBay as two different platforms because they’re two different sites. But the fact of the matter is we go after the same segment, consumer segment, as Devin talked about. And so increasingly, what you’re seeing in each of the – in some of the major markets is a blending of that inventory to try and make sure that we’re addressing customer needs across to do different sites and platforms. And I think it’s been very successful and it’s always been a go-to-market strategy together in their respective markets.
Scott Schenkel: And if you go back to some of the conversations we’ve had in the last few quarters, we’ve invested a lot in structured data and we’ve invested a lot in new experiences. And I think you’re seeing that pay off in our parts and accessories experience, which is also where we’re seeing nice growth in very differentiated based on the experiences that we’ve developed.
Scott Schenkel: As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, if FX rates remain where they are today, then all I was calling out was that the revenue dollars that we report at the end of the year would be at or above, really above the high end of the range. That said the organic FX neutral growth rate of 6% to 8% remains and that’s driven by the dynamics we just talked about.
