John Donahoe: Thanks Colin. Yes, the PayPal segment margins are consistent with our historical trends where first quarter and fourth quarter tend to be the higher segment margin rates and Q2 and Q3 tend to be lower. And it's more a function of the investments that we're making around ubiquity in the online and omni-channel world, on investments we're making in the consumer product more than anything. The second thing is, as you see on a year-on-year basis transactions margins were down and that is more a function of a higher take rate last year versus this year as our off eBay growth accelerated. Our large merchant expansion is improving. And then as you know, Colin, the impact of hedges flow through the PayPal revenue line in our gains this year -- this quarter were a little less than last year.
John Donahoe: Yeah, Doug, we don't really see anything fundamental in the last 90 days other than what both Bob and I commented on, which is the external environment is a little bit softer in a couple of geographies versus what we anticipated at the beginning of the year. We came into the year feeling like the U.S. economy and e-commerce market was going to be solid. And I'd say it's performing probably at or maybe even a little bit better than we would have guessed. We came into the year thinking Europe was going to be, while it was going to be weak it was going to be kind of stable. And what's happened in the first six months of the year is you read the same things we do, that the Eurozone may actually contract this year. Retail is down in both Germany and the UK. And what's a little different this year than the past couple of years is ecommerce growth rates are also coming down in the UK and Germany. And that last year ecommerce held up even and in spite of a challenging market. So, it's not massive but it's just on the margin, it's softer than we thought. And then Korea. Korea, the ecommerce growth rates have dropped by more than 50% year-over-year. They were almost 9%, 10% a year ago, they are at 4% now. And so as you know, we are reasonably weighted towards Europe, Germany and UK and Korea, and so those things are impacting our businesses in the area. But we are executing. We are executing on all the initiatives and all the plans we discussed at our Investor Day. And as we said earlier, in spite of those headwinds we still feel good about how we're executing and performing and expect to come in within our full annual guidance range.
John Donahoe: First Marketplace revenue deceleration Q1 and Q2 was 13% to 10%. The biggest driver of that was you may remember last year, Youssef, we had an indirect tax settlement in one of our international businesses that was [that] oriented, therefore it went to the revenue line. So that item itself contributes to 1.5 points of deceleration. The second thing is what I'd characterize as promotional activities and they came in two ways. One, in our Korean market more directed coupon orientation, which is more of a constant revenue. And the second was this second aspect of promotional activities is things we were doing in some of our European markets to stimulate the supply side of economics that were getting more selection on the side if you will. So those are the two primary drivers. 13 goes to 10 primarily driven by indirect tax settlement from a year ago that we talked about and things we do to stimulate promotion in both Korea and European markets.
John Donahoe: Sanjay, on the first part of your question. Right now, I'd characterize our second half outlook and our outlook for the full year is fairly well balanced. I think what it incorporates is kind of the three things we know today. The U.S., we'd characterize the U.S. macroeconomic environment and our business to be performing well. Europe macroeconomic environment to be not so good but we feel like the actions we've taken are okay, and international and Korea in particular is a high risk but we think we've factored that into our second half outlook. In terms of conservative, look if the European market accelerates we will all feel great, but we're not counting on it. In currencies, I think we've in essence captured spot into our guidance both on the top and bottom line. With the bottom line fairly well hedged, top line obviously will be impacted. So it incorporates kind of our best view about what's transpired through the first six months of the year and how we see the second half playing out.
John Donahoe: Yeah, Ron, Cassini represents two things for us. One is the next search platform which we can continue to innovate on. So actually the current user functionality, which I'll describe in a minute, is great, but what's probably as important is it gives us the foundation for the next couple of years to continue with series of iterative search improvements. The search improvement that’s coming in its first rollout is simply indexing the entire listing instead of just the title, which does two things. One, it improves the quality of the search result and it reduces our no searches or zero result searches. So we’re seeing both of that. As with any search change, when an ecosystem as large as ours that when you initially do it, it test negative and then you work hard to get it back to positive or neutral and then you hope to get some positive benefit out of it. And we now think it's in the modestly positive category. I've said this before I'll say it again. Cassini itself is not going to create any discontinuous positive benefit any more than any other search change we've made in the last few years. It's really the combination of Cassini, of other search or user experience changes, of trust changes, of pricing changes that is the combination of those things that we think will drive the positive growth. And so while I’m very proud of it, I don't want people to overly isolate it or focus on it because that's just not -- it’s not how our ecosystems worked over the last five to six years and it's not going to be how it works in the future. I wish there were silver bullets, but there seem to be none in our business. So a lot of our work and pulling lots of levers. But I will say that I do think we have more levers than we ever had to pull going forward.
John Donahoe: Ben, on your second question. First I'd say, and as you know we use Bill Me Later as a product and a vehicle to drive more engagement on our -- for merchants on and off eBay. And we do that in essence of lowering our processing cost and using our offshore cash to generate higher returns. That's how we use the product offering. In terms of how we leverage our risk management capabilities to make credit decisions, what we are trying to do is generate portfolio economics that generate a 14% to 16% return on net asset deployed. And in essence what that means -- and that's kind of where we've been for a long time. Sometimes we take a little more calculated risk which will drive up net charge-offs at the same time it usually results in higher revenue. So, net charge-offs have gone up a little bit. We are at the high end of our 14% to 16% risk-adjusted margin range and we feel pretty good about where we are. If I were to project forward I think we'll stay within the 14% to 16% range in the foreseeable future and I expect net charge-offs to levelize, stabilize a little bit in the next six to 12 months.
John Donahoe: Yeah, Gill, frankly, what's really happening now, back then we were putting them in a market that we thought was most specific. And then that happened to be the UK in many cases we rolled back to the U.S. Now, frankly, we've got many in the U.S. we've got some other things internationally. So something like Cassini, we've rolled first in the U.S. and now we'll roll it out more internationally. There is some other trust and other innovations we might try in a country and roll back. The short answer to your question is, and it may be an unsatisfying one but it's the truth, is all of those things are contained in the growth rates we put into what Devin talked about it at analyst day. And I don't see anything that's discontinuous, where there is something that's significantly proven in region one and when we roll it out region two, it will do a significant bump. We do have a number of things that we will roll out in Europe and in the international markets in the second half and really into the first half of next year. And we have a few things on the trust front that are happening in other countries will roll back into the U.S. But I'd again, I would message a fair amount of steadiness as those things roll out. And we're getting better I think at the rolling out, because we don't like discontinuous things up or down and we try to avoid them.
John Donahoe: Mark, on Russia, I'd say nice progress in the first half of this year and that really, I guess it was December in first half this year when we got our PayPal, or in essence domestic payments license. And then second we've launched our Russian language site, I think end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter. And we actually ran some TV advertising in Russia, which turns out to be fairly economic during the second quarter. And we're seeing nice growth rates in our Russian business. Obviously it's all import business. We're continuing to work on how do you really make it easier to ship into Russia. But we're seeing very nice growth rates in our Russian business and we believe we continue to be the largest B2C seller in Russia.
John Donahoe: Ross, on clock speed, what enabled that was the hard work that Mark Carges led over the last really three to five years to re-platform the Marketplace’s core technology platform initially with the search platform and frankly continues to rev 2.0 of that. And then it was other elements of the Marketplace technology platform that then enables more iterative rapid innovation. And I'd say PayPal’s three years behind where Marketplace was. So we really just began what I’d call fundamental re-platforming effort in PayPal last year and we're a year into it. And some of the new features, we're shifting around the new stack and that new stack is more robust. It allows more iterative and faster approach. But it's going to be a three year slog to work our way through the PayPal re-platforming. I wish I could make it go faster, but we can't and more resource doesn't make it go faster. So the good news is the PayPal team is on the same path the Marketplace team was. And you’ll begin to see some benefits I think next year in PayPal's clock speed in certain areas with those features and things and they are on the new part of the stack will increase clock speed. But it's over the next three years that I think you'll see the significant acceleration in clock speed in PayPal that we're now seeing and enjoying in Marketplace.
John Donahoe: I think the general theme of us continuing to pull a variety of different levers to stimulate user growth and engagement on the site is something that you've seen for a while, and I think you should continue to -- you will continue to see. I think more specifically for the quarter, what that's meant for the last couple quarters is while we've increased our sales and marketing spend overall as a percent of revenue, it's come down i.e. we've gotten more efficient in it in higher returns. But we're investing more on products, innovation R&D. We're investing more in buyer protection that flows through the eBay guarantees. And we continue to pull levers on contra-related spend and take rate related dynamics that stimulate the supply side of the ecosystem. So I think you're going to continue to see us play with the different levers in different markets to stimulate engagement and demand.
Robert Swan: And then on point of sale progress, it's marching along pretty much as we outlined in March, with PayPal here as the smallest merchant and continuing to grow. And now the (inaudible) being released in the UK and soon to the other countries. Our Discover partnership is now live and I think we have roughly a quarter million locations and we continue to sign direct point of sale merchants. As I mentioned earlier, Radioshack being the latest. So we are going to continue to march our way out to build over the next 2.5 years, build out ubiquity.
Robert Swan: Hey, Doug, the only thing that I would add which is a fundamental change, not in our business per se but in the environment in which we're operating. Obviously, we're a very global business and international currencies relative to the dollar from beginning of the year are weaker by a little over 4% and from the March, April timeframe weaker by a little over 3%. So, obviously that's not a fundamental dynamic of the business that we operate, that is a dynamic of being a global business exposed to global currencies and that clearly has an impact on us.
Robert Swan: Yeah. Well, Heath as you said, and actually both Marketplace and in PayPal we've now got I think four and five straight quarters of accelerating double-digit active user growth, and I feel thrilled about that. You recall a couple of years ago, people were asking, when are you going to start marketing to new users and we waited till we felt like our user experience deserve that. And so really ever since Devin came on Board, he’s made this a real focus in the Marketplace business. And what's driving the acceleration of new users is really three things. One, it’s just by a simple and improved user experience and the word of mouth that goes along with that. Two, mobile. Almost 30% of our new users in the second quarter came from mobile. And so that's a way we're relevant to someone on the spot when they want to trade. And then third, BRIC and emerging markets and frankly how much of the BRIC and emerging markets is also registering on mobile. And so these new users they’re in segments we really like. A, they tend to be -- mobile users tend to be younger. So we like that. They may have less disposable income, but they are younger and we love the lifetime value. And the BRIC and emerging markets, new users are people that we are just coming into the global commerce environment. And again they tend to skew a little bit younger and a little bit -- they tend to start with a little bit lower ASP. So we’re very glad to be rolling into these segments. And now we're working on increasing both frequency and our ASP with each of the segments to convert them into long term users. And it's still early to tell. We have something we called class curve which are maturity curves of each new cohort of new user. It's still too early to tell if there is any fundamental difference of the slope of those class curves that are a mobile user or a BRIC or emerging market user. But what we like is they’re in segments that we think are fundamentally important and strong segments for our business over the medium to longer term. So I view it as very positive development.
Robert Swan: And then, Youssef, on eBay now, what this is really proving and I think it's been ahead of what I would have expected, it's proving that consumers like choice. They like to have the option of when they want something delivered to them, same day if they like that. Interestingly we've been doing it within an hour time window pretty consistently in the three cities we've been doing it. And they like that but they also would like the ability to schedule at some point in the afternoon and so we'll be driving towards that. Retailers like it because it's leveraging their stores as performance centers. And our focus to date has been building a great consumer experience. Where so that -- and I think that's one of the things that's distinguishing our pilots from other pilots right now, is if you talk about consumers that have used it, it works and they like it. Now if you think about rolling it out, and we've announced we'll be going in addition to the three cities to Chicago and to Dallas, we'll begin experimenting on two things. One is driving more scale. One of the things that we have inside the eBay marketplace is we have a fair amount of local transactions where a buyer and seller happen to be in the same city. And so now we'll be exposing those so we can begin to build more density within those cities. And we think we are probably the only people around that with the eBay marketplace volume and the retailer volume we can aggregate in a given city to have the most compelling economics on behalf of pulling multiple retailers together. And then we will experiment with other delivery approaches including taking more of a marketplace approach to delivery, where we have vetted delivery drivers and use, what I might call an uber-like approach to the delivery side. So we think this can be an effective way to offer consumers choice and allow merchants to use their stores as performance centers.
Robert Swan: Sanjay, on your second question, I make it a general policy not to comment on leaked draft plans. That said, anytime something good comes out, we look at it. And we will, as it evolves for the long haul, we will assess it. But there is nothing -- there is nothing official as yet.
Robert Swan: Ben, on PayPal offline, here is the way we look at this, which is mobile is blurring this boundary between what used to be online and what used to be offline. And we are looking at this as a significant opportunity to increase our addressable market over the medium to long-term and our investment horizon is over the medium to long-term. So as I look at it, we continue to leverage our strength on the web and we’re the leader there and our MS TPV numbers reflect that. We're continuing to leverage our strength in mobile. And in some cases mobile is adding what you might call a digital shopping experience. In other cases mobile -- even in our current results, is something you could have said what used to be an offline experience. So take something like eBay now. When you use eBay now, you're paying with PayPal. That's in essence for our "offline transaction." It's just not happening in a store. And the same thing is happening now in Australia and in the UK, where we're out using PayPal as way to pay in over 2,000 cafes and restaurants in Australia and now in some cinemas and taxis and places that might have been characterized as offline, but now via a mobile device consumers can use PayPal to pay. The more future-oriented area which is more Greenfield is using PayPal to pay inside a classic physical retail store. And that's --- what we're doing there is doing just what we talked about in our Investor Day which is building out your (inaudible) over to the next two, three, four years and then trying to serve or develop and solve customer pain points. PayPal has never been about just replacing current payments mechanisms by trying to do same thing. It tries to solve customer pain points. And so we are standing in line as a customer pain point. So we’re trying to solve that. Waiting for a check in a restaurant is a customer pain point. We're trying to solve that. Merchants are looking to strengthen their connections with their customers by allowing easy access to loyalty programs or offering coupons or offers while they’re in the store or enabling private label cards. And so we're driving our product roadmap to enable those kinds of experiences. And we’ll begin experimenting with those in different retailers in different geographies around the world. That last category I'd characterize as more Greenfield and that's why in our three year numbers we put some of the things that are more certain in the numbers and a lot of the less certain things. We said we can't estimate exactly when we'll get consumer loss in any attraction, so we didn't put them in our three year numbers.
Robert Swan: I would say no change in the U.S. from where we were three months ago but at the same time back in -- we told you back in April that from where we were in January, that U.S. was a little bit better and Europe was a little bit weaker. And I think no real change from those dynamics from April as it relates to the U.S.
Robert Swan: The number one player and growing. Mark, on your second question, just about $11.7 billion in cash in total. About $3 billion of that $11.7 billion is here in the U.S. And philosophically in terms of deployment, no real change. Organic investment, number one priority, Bill Me later loan portfolio growth, the biggest consumption. We'll continue to be acquisitive as a company. And then on share repurchase we basically have for a while now the philosophy to offset dilution from our comp based programs. And we expect that to continue in the second quarter. What that meant was we bought back just about 8.5 million shares at $466 million.
Robert Swan: Ross, on the Belgian acquisition, yeah we just announced and closed that a week or two ago. Rest assured every bit of the revenues reflected in our guidance and it's not material.
