Devin Wenig: Thanks for the questions. On the first part, we've been very careful to measure that and we don't see material differences between buyers that we've acquired recently, let's say in the last year than we have historically. There's a little bit of difference when we acquire a user as a guest versus a fully registered member on their customer lifetime value, but we're very focused. That's why we’re, as I said in my remarks, very focused on converting those guests to members. But, absent that, if you look just at time longitudinally, there's no real difference, and that's been really important that we focus on healthy buyers, not just any buyers. I have said before that it can dislocate quarter-to-quarter, even for several quarters at a time. But in the long run, buyers is a very excellent metric for where GMV wants to go. We said a year ago when GMV was above buyers that we were trying to get the buyer number up, and ultimately GMV came down to meet that buyer number. Now GMV is below that buyer number. But, if we keep growing the buyer number, we have confidence that the ecosystem is healthy and the financial metrics do follow that. So, that's the reason ultimately that we keep growing the customer base is that we think almost the best correlate to where ultimately GMV and then revenue and the other metrics that flow from that want to be is the buyer number over time. It doesn't have to be quarter-to-quarter. But that’s why we are focused on continuing to grow that customer base. 
Devin Wenig: In terms of Promoted Listings, it's still very early. If you look at analogs to eBay, other marketplaces consistent rolled out products that are similar, our penetration and monetization rate are still in the early stage of scaling. And we know that because, as great as it is that we've had 800,000 sellers promote listings, that means that there are tens of millions that have not yet. And we also are just in the phase of fully integrating from the buyer side, where Promoted Listings show up in a unified search ranking. And there's a whole bunch of other plans to expand both the seller side and the buyer side. So, we think there's a lot of runway, and that's why we said last quarter that we think it's $1 billion opportunity. Remember, we're being very selective about removing third-party advertising as it scales. But, one of the things that I'm happiest about is that the seller NPS on this, if you will, their happiness with this product is extremely high. It's been one of the most successful new products we've rolled out from a seller perspective ever. And they're adopting it. And remember, it's completely optional. Nobody has to use it. And they are flocking to it. And to me, it's a way that you can, if you want, trade off some margin for some velocity. And there are many sellers that want to do that. So, we're really happy with it. It's early, and it'll be a key contributor to the $1 billion revenue advertising opportunity.
Devin Wenig: On the buyer question, Colin, we’re very focused. I think the question was reengaging existing buyers. One of the ways that I'd say I categorize our effort is, there is a high focus in the Company now on frequency and engagement. And part of that is to reduce churn rates. There are still too many buyers who only shop let’s say one category on eBay. Let's say they buy camera equipment on eBay. But, we're really great if you look at our inventory and pricing across more categories, so the opportunity to get shoppers across -- to buy across categories is very high. And you can expect in the balance of the year a number of product and marketing initiatives to begin to target existing buyers with frequency and cross category shopping. We’ve got some really exciting plans, some of which we’re not ready to announce yet, but we think it’s a tremendous opportunity to engage existing buyers and to get them to shop and think of eBay more broadly than we do. And that also over time we think will have the impact of reducing the churn rate, which should help the buyer number. So, that's kind of been a big push here internally, and you’ll hear more about it as the year progresses.
Devin Wenig: Yes. On CPC, we said we’re definitely looking at it. I don't have anything in terms of a product announcement to make today, but we are definitely looking at solid demand for a CPC product, and we'll update you when we are ready to announce something on that. On payments, similarly, keep in mind, July of next year, we’ll not have constraints on the operating agreement. We believe that we’ll have much of the product functionality built but also we’ll be entering -- it's not that long after July that you start to enter a holiday period where you got to be careful of changes. We're not yet ready to give a full detailed rollout plan. But, I think you should assume that everything we're doing now, the significant investments we're making and we've been talking about this for a year, let me just reiterate. Number one, we're delighted with where we are. This has been a very successful, albeit gated, program. And if you told me a year ago, I could be here today, I'd be -- I take that anytime. So, that doesn't mean that we don't have a lot more work to do, but it does mean our first year we've been -- we've done exactly what we would have hoped we would have done and we are delighted with the seller reception and the buyer reception of more payment choices. You can expect, given the investments we're making and the trade tracks we’re laying down that we won't be shy come July of 2020 in the rollout. And we'll update more on the overall rollout plan probably later in the year or the beginning of next year. We're not going to do that yet, but I want -- it's important that you know that we are going to be aggressive.
Devin Wenig: Just a quick follow-up on that. Promoted Listings have seen broad adoption internationally. There is not a material difference in the uptake of Promoted Listings in the U.S. or in our international markets. It's been broadly adopted.
Devin Wenig: Yes . Thank you. We said a couple of quarters ago that what we would do is effectively bifurcate the experience of that new users who are getting more of the structured data product based experience and existing users were being landed more on the historical experience. That's what we've done. And one of the reasons we've been able to maintain healthy buyer growth is with this significant reduction of marketing that we are seeing great conversion gains for new customers that gives us a lot of confidence for the future. In the core, we're also seeing the impact now that the evolution of structured data is making; this year will be very focused on aspect coverage, meaning knowing the product is important but knowing the attributes of the product in many ways is even more important and will be encouraging sellers to contribute a great degree of richness to their listings because we know that that richness improves our catalog and drives buyer conversion. So I kind of hinted at that in my remarks, but you will see a significant expansion of the coverage and quality of our catalog this year and the early signs are very positive on convergence, so that's where we're going to focus. But for new users, we've been even more aggressive about product-based experiences and that continues and we're real happy with the results there.
Devin Wenig: Yes. What we're seeing is that what matters to our existing customers is less a fully product-based experience but more of the richness of listings that the catalog and structured data bring. So to me a product experience is you fully collapse listings into the product. There are definitely cohorts of buyers who love that. But many existing customers did not as we said several quarters ago, but what they do want is better listings and more inventory to surface through search, when they are richer attributes, so that's what we're focused on for the existing base and you'll hear a lot more about that through the course of this year.
Devin Wenig: I mean, look, things are changing all the time, but I think what was in Scott's remarks is the best indicator, which is, we took direct action, we saw exactly what we had expected to see. So that doesn't mean that there isn't a change to the external landscape, there always is, but keep in mind we're changing as well. I think the eBay experiences the best it's ever been. But we've reduced a lot of subsidy, we've got the GMV result we expected and the ecosystem keeps growing, number of business sellers keeps growing, the amount of inventory keeps growing, number of buyers keeps growing. Those are positive signs. I mean, I guess in some theoretical world, it's possible that we won't grow if those metrics grow, but it's really hard to get your head around how that wouldn't happen. So that gives us the confidence to -- it gave us the confidence to give an updated forecast and we'll go from there.
Devin Wenig: We've been doing it and we'll continue to do it, but that doesn't mean the existing experience isn't changing, it's just changing in a different direction with much more aspect coverage less full product based, doesn't mean it will never happen, but it's not what we're focused on right now.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. I think couple of things, first on take rate. Yes, a chunk of that was Promoted Listings, chunk of it was foreign exchange, but you also have the dynamic of the contra revenue coming down pretty significantly. And so, those were the primary drivers of take rate. If you look at -- if you relate it back to your first question, kind of an ROI, it was more or less in line with what we expected. We kind of thought it would cost us about 4 points of GMV growth, if I think about it for North America where the majority of the reductions occurred, and that was -- that's about what we saw. And as we think about the benefits that we saw in revenue, I think we will continue to look at the active buyer cohorts that we've got this quarter and see how that turns on the CLV basis going forward. But, I think at this point it was kind of right in line with what we expected and kind of felt good as it relates to the rest of the year for our plans for 2019.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. First, on the segment margins. We published the six quarters on the charts that you saw. When I say, the Classifieds business is driven by the mix, the margin rates are driven by the nix of businesses that you've got, and whether they are larger at scale platforms or whether they are subscale and growing in growth markets where you tend to have to invested a bit more. Alessandro and the Classifieds team have done an excellent job of balancing that over the course of the last several years. I don't look at their margin rates and go from here there to skyrocket. I think, what we look at it as where can we invest in the next incremental market or the next incremental vertical, like we did with the Motors.co.uk acquisition, that gives us a lot more bandwidth from a vertical expansion, and kind of serving the market and monetizing the market perspective, which is great. But, as you go to your course of growing a business, you're going to have some pressures on margins and the team has done an excellent job of balancing those and trading them off.
Scott Schenkel: I mean, I think to Devin’s point, in Q1, we started to iterate on the capability to have merchandising promoted listing placements, and that gives another way and place for sellers to advertise in a way that I think is highly functional from a buyer perspective to give you new ideas or adjacent ideas as you go through the selection your item process and check out.
Scott Schenkel: So, on the marketplaces take rate, it's kind of hard, as you think about the dynamics. If you look at the underlying Marketplaces take rate, it was 8.7%. It was up year-on-year with the favorability, the commentary I gave earlier on foreign exchange, Promoted Listings and a reduction in lower ROI marketing investments. But, that is context. Promoted – first-party Promoted Listings ends up showing up in transaction revenue. So, that inflates take rate. To Devin's point, that's completely up to a seller and it's selective as they choose to do that or not, we're certainly not forcing them to do that. We're just trying to provide a great experience that provides more velocity. And then, over time, you're going to -- and already what you're starting to see now is the take rate’s going to start to be favored by the payments monetization as well. And how that gets shown in each of the individual markets will be determined, but largely speaking, it's going to be shown likely in transaction revenue. So, that's also going to favor Marketplaces take rate. So, it's really hard to say. I think, the way I think about it is the underlying take rate of the core Marketplaces business, as you think about transaction revenue, probably is going to be stable with the normal fluctuations that we’ve talked about over the years. And the payments take rate is going to get added to that. And it's up to sellers whether they want to chose Promoted Listings or not.
Scott Schenkel: Non-GAAP margin with the -- all the reconciliations are in both the press release and ultimately in Q. Yes.
Scott Schenkel: We historically have been disciplined marketers. We're very focused on ROI, we're very focused on not wasting money in the way we market. And we did say last year over several quarters, we were pushing the efficient frontier to learn how far we could go without -- with getting a healthy return. There were some things we did that we liked and there were some things we did that over time just did not provide a decent return. What we found is that we were subsidizing some existing buyers at higher ASPs we weren't getting a return on that and that's what we withdrew. But going forward, our marketing strategy is to continue to market the brand. We've been a brand every month this year, we will continue to. We will market across channels, social search, obviously, our owned channels like CRM and we will be focused on acquiring new customers at healthy CAAs and driving healthy customer CLVs. That's kind of what we've always done and that's what we're going to do.
