Robert Swan: Just in terms of take rate, we saw a 22 bip decline year-over-year and a modest uptick from the fourth quarter. I think we do expect take rate to come down more during the course of the year. To put it into context, the way we try to think about the business is more looking at transaction margins which are a function of obviously take rate. Secondly, transaction expenses and third, fraud losses. The reason we do it that way is simply in some geographies take rates may be lower but transaction expenses may be lower as well. Particularly as we grow outside the U.S. we do have lower take rates outside of the U.S.  As you know from our results the growth rates internationally have been very strong. We do expect global take rate to come down but we also expect transaction margins to stay above 60%. In terms of one-timers in the quarter in PayPal’s variable costs, there was probably about 1.5-2 points of margin benefit from PayPal due to some one-timers flowing through transaction expense and fraud losses. So while margins accelerated 500 bips year-over-year probably [3] bips is more sustainable improvement on a year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter basis. 
Robert Swan: Relative to the international growth globally our non-vehicle GMV was up 8% which is roughly in line with the fourth quarter. Underneath the [inaudible] U.S. GMV accelerated by two points Q4 to Q1 and international GMV was down by roughly 2 points. I think there are a series of things going on. First, as to what is execution and what is macro environment, first I would say in the U.K. strong performance, great execution.  If I characterize then Australia and Korea, strong performance and good macroeconomic environment. Germany I think was okay performance and a tough economic environment. The rest of Europe I would say is a combination of both. Average performance and economic environment not so good. By that I mean particularly Western Europe both active users and GMV declines in those markets. So it is a little bit of good performance, some good macro and some not so good. GMV growth flat with Q4. U.S. accelerating and international down a bit. 
Robert Swan: I think we have been spending quite a bit of time on expanding our global footprint in PayPal in Asia. As John indicated we have a fantastic cross-border business there and a great domestic business in Australia but the moves we have been making since really early last year has been about building domestic presence over there. So we have a reasonable sized business today. It has been growing extensively and it will continue to grow this year and all of the costs that go along with it are reflected in the guidance we have given.  Relative to the more macro question on guidance that maybe you didn’t ask but I will comment anyways. I gave some words in the script and maybe I want to put some numbers to it to make sure you have the context for how we are thinking about the full-year. I will give you maybe the simple version. We came into the year with earnings projected to be $1.63 to $1.68 and I gave some words about how we are thinking about the rest of the year and how we get back to our full-year guidance. Maybe I can put some numbers to them.  First the negatives, as you know we are a global business with more than half of our revenues from off-shore. A couple of billion dollars in revenue exposed to the Euro and $1 billion of revenue exposed to the Pound. The implications of how currencies have changed in particular the strengthening of the dollar in the last 90 days will cost us approximately $125 million in revenue and $0.05 in EPS relative to where we were 90 days ago.  Secondly, our tax rate is going to be a little bit higher this year than what we thought and the reason is our U.S. business is going to be stronger. That higher tax rate will likely cost us a couple of cents relative to where we were 90 days ago. So that is $0.07 down. We maintained our guidance for the full-year and that is because of two things. One, PayPal will grow faster than we expected a few months ago and its margins will be higher. And we are increasingly confident 90 days later about the changes we are making in the marketplaces business.  So as we think about our full-year guidance for eBay Inc. not [only] the costs in the Asian business and PayPal, we will be down $0.07 because of currency and tax rate and we will be up $0.07 because of good operational performance in the PayPal business and continued progress in core eBay business as well. 
Robert Swan: In regard to the active users for the marketplaces business the comments I gave on accelerated growth in the biggest markets was a year-over-year comment. What you are referring to is a sequential decline from Q4 to Q1. That has a bit to do with two things; one is a strong holiday season which ramps up fourth quarter active users and then a deceleration both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter in our Western Europe markets. 
Robert Swan: It is approximately $8 million in Q1 that historically would have been in PayPal’s losses which is now in Marketplace’s losses. 
Robert Swan: I think the first was related to margins in the marketplace business. Back in January we indicated our expectation for full-year 2010 is marketplace margins to be roughly 42%. That is off of 40% in Q4. Q1 was 42% so we kind of expect that to continue throughout the course of the year. 
John Donahoe: You know what is fun about Q1 was we had some product advancements that buyers can really see now. eBay Buyer Protection which we really put the foundation in last year, we now in the U.S. and U.K. can communicate “buy on eBay and you are completely covered.” We think that is going to have real cut through to buyers where they can now reach a customer service rep anytime they have a problem. Usually those issues are resolved with sellers but if not we give them their money back plus shipping and we have gotten very good feedback on that.  Similarly, you see the clothing shoes and accessories launch a couple of weeks ago and that is really the first tailored vertical shopping experience that is built on our platform and I think you see it is a way that really brings eBay’s inventory to life in a very different way for buyers and allows them to access eBay’s inventory in easier and more engaging ways.  These are just the first two of what I think will be a series of buyer related improvements you will see over this coming year. As I have said all along I want to make sure our experience gets to the point where buyers can constantly know and see they are experiencing something differently and we will at that stage really amp up our marketing. To be clear we are spending the same amount on marketing this year thus far as we did last year and we will continue to do that. I want to keep making the steady progress we are. Our buyer metrics are improving. Our customer retention is improving. One quarter at a time towards this 3-year goal. 
John Donahoe: I can’t comment on the actual impact of the changes because it is only two weeks old. What I can say is this. What we have done in the U.S. is very similar to what we did in Europe a year ago or a little over a year ago where we are in essence incenting consumer sellers to list in the auctions format by making that virtually free when they list in the auctions format and they only pay if it sells and they pay a flat rate which is really what our research had told us consumers would prefer; something simple and easy.  Then for the smaller business seller or people that sell a lot of volume on eBay we are incenting them to sell in the fixed price format, making that in essence free or quite low price to list in a fixed price format. Again, they only pay if it sells. As you know, auctions are sorted by time ending soonest. Fixed price is sorted or searched by in essence relevance or best match. What we found in Europe was that allowed both groups of sellers to list in their most natural format and allowed the richness of inventory to become more clear and pop better for buyers. We saw improvement in sold items and improvement in GMV. We anticipate the same reaction in the United States as it plays out over the remainder of the year.  The other thing that happens as part of that is we no longer have the store inventory format and so the fixed price items are now all in sort of core search and what we have proven in Europe is our search engine can take that. These are things that were proven out in Europe and will take time to sort of work their way into initially our listings and into demand but we feel good about the impact it will have on the U.S. business over the remainder of the year. 
John Donahoe: The timeframe, if I were to take what happened in Europe I would say it took 2-3 quarters to really fully work their way through. They first change their listing practices and then buyers get used to them and we will start really assessing the impact in the summer to fall timeframe. 
John Donahoe: On the marketplace changes what we have done is we have bunched those into two releases which makes it easier for sellers. Sellers like the advanced warning and like to know they can really make two sets of changes in the year. We have tended to make those in March and in September and announce them 60-90 days ahead of time. So we will have a second wave of changes this year. Again this is a year where you are going to see a lot of the foundational work we did in 2008 and 2009 begin to flow through to things that buyers can touch and feel. Things like the vertical shopping experience and clothing, shoes and accessories; things like [inaudible] in auto parts which is in essence a significantly simplified selling in that category for eBay and things like eBay Buyer Protection. So more things like that you will see in the next release.  With respect to Asia, Bob and I were in Asia last week in fact visiting with the PayPal team and there is just really, really impressive growth frankly in both eBay and PayPal businesses in Asia as cross-border continues to be quite strong in that market. What PayPal has done that I mentioned earlier in my remarks is signed some deals with financial services entities that give us access to local Asian customers that may not be on eBay. So the China UnionPay deal allows us access to 1.3 billion Chinese consumers. China UnionPay by the way is a total of 2.1 billion overall cardholders.  So now it is easier for them to open a PayPal account and fund it with that. We signed deals in Singapore and in South Africa which again allow local consumers in those markets to access PayPal more readily and we are doing some interesting things on the mobile front.  In Japan we have signed deals with several of the largest payments gateways which give us access to both Japanese merchants and then we are talking with a couple of Japanese financial services [concerns] about doing the same thing to access Japanese consumers. So I think a lot of growth opportunity. Your question on guidance I am going to give Bob a chance to comment on guidance which I know some people were curious about. 
John Donahoe: I will take the first one while Bob looks for page 13. On the payments, first of all let me make a prediction which is you are going to see lots of announcements around online payments and mobile payments in the coming months. That is simply because payments is a large and competitive space and lots of people participate in one form or another. Rather than comment on any specific announcement or competitor let me just say this, we continuously closely monitor the competitive landscape and feel confident about our position and our competitive advantages and feel more confident about those as the days go on.  We get this combination of scale and speed. We primarily look at what customers want. Actually we look at it much more from a customer perspective than a competitive landscape and what you see from the PayPal numbers is our customers like what we are doing. The specific things I think we have that are unique is we have direct relationships with both consumers and merchants. We don’t have to work through issuing banks or acquiring banks. We have 80 million active consumers and 8 million merchants. So as you said, I think there are additional opportunities to add merchants following this acquisition and we will certainly get very aggressive to be adding those.  It is that kind of direct relationship that gives the data that allows us to do the risk detection and fraud prevention we do and that combined with our technology platform allows us to innovate more rapidly what we have done with our platform, opening up our platform, which no other payments platform in the world has done, what we are doing in mobile where there are a lot of people talking about it. We have already launched two apps and really did more volume in Q1 than we did all last year in mobile payments. In digital goods we are pushing forward. I think you are going to see lots of different movements in the broader e-commerce competitive space. We are staying very focused on our consumers and feel very good about the combination of scale and speed we bring to being the leader in online global payments. 
John Donahoe: Let me take the latter first and I will simply just repeat what I have said before which is we continue to believe the best way to drive long-term value for our customers and investors is by keeping these two businesses together. There continues to be strong synergies between eBay and PayPal. You saw that in the increased penetration PayPal has had on eBay. It is up I think almost 300-400 basis points year-over-year. eBay continues to provide a significant number of new users for PayPal in essence for free and eBay Inc.’s balance sheet allows us to invest in PayPal’s business and make investments like Bill Me Later that further its position.  As long as those synergies are there we are going to try to fully capitalize on them and believe it is the best thing to do for our customers and investors. Then on eBay Buyer Protection this is a nice capstone of stuff we have been working on for the last 12-18 months where we have materially reduced bad buyer experiences. We have increased trust on the site. We have put in place from a standing start; we had no phone coverage for buyers 12 months ago. We now have in essence full phone coverage for buyers in both the U.S. and the U.K. What this allows us to do with confidence is to say buy on eBay and you are covered. Almost no questions asked. What our research says is even though buyers are seeing better experiences this kind of guarantee is going to give them that real sense of confidence they can buy with confidence. The early feedback we are getting from consumers in the U.S. and U.K. mention that. It does result in a shifting of a little bit of cost from payout of losses from PayPal to eBay but overall net/net we don’t see that as a major reason. It raises one margin slightly lower than another. We are confident enough we don’t see it having a material impact on the company overall. Financially that is, but we do hope it will have a material impact on our consumers. 
John Donahoe: Here was a fascinating thing we found out last year. This is where the testing and learning and how we approach many of these changes makes sense. So we started off a year ago by saying we were certain people just wanted their money back instantly. So when we first highlighted this Buyer Protection we did it just with the top buyers in the U.S. and they called and we gave them their money back instantly. What we found is that is not what they wanted. They said you know what, I just want the item. So we started intermediating with the sellers more aggressively and helping connect the buyer with the seller in the after-transaction and we found that in 70-80% of the cases they got it resolved within 24-48 hours and the buyer was happy.  They preferred that to getting their money back. What that has enabled us to do is to scale this in a way that is far more aggressive because what it is in essence doing is connecting the buyer and seller in post-transaction to make sure they resolve the transaction in a satisfactory manner and then if at any time if the buyer would just rather get their money back we provide it. It was fascinating learning to find that in most cases they just want to get their item and they want to get their item and they want to get their item in a timely and accurate basis and in 80% of the claim filings that is what is happening. That is why Bob’s number of $8 million which sounds so small it is because for every 10 calls that come 8 of them are getting resolved between buyer and seller. 
John Donahoe: The pricing change was just one pricing change and in essence it says anyone that sells more than 50-100 items a month on eBay to use the fixed price format because you buy a store and a subscription and that gives you access to lower insertion fees. So where you draw the line between small or larger businesses, anyone that sells more than 50-100 items per month on eBay is in essence probably better economically to sell them in a fixed price format.  Secondly, payments in Korea is escrow. In that way it is different than most any other market except for the domestic Chinese market. We have an escrow system built into Internet Auction Company and in essence escrow systems built into G-Market. So that is why that market is different. 
John Donahoe: On the U.K. and Germany to be honest what I am really looking at is our competitive position in each of these markets and I would say that we continue to gain share in the U.K. Sold items and GMV growth are both very strong. The U.K. e-commerce market is surprisingly strong. The market is growing more quickly as offline comes online and we are growing more quickly than the market. The German market, as Bob said the e-commerce market is now growing as fast.  The economy and e-commerce market is lagging behind and I would say our competitive position is holding steady there. It improved in 2009 and it held its position in the first quarter of this year. So again I feel good about the changes we made there in 2009 and we will bring those to the U.S. in 2010 and I feel good about what we added in both markets in the first quarter of this year.  I will wrap up by saying what I say every time and it is absolutely how we are approaching things. I feel good about the progress but we have a lot of work to do and it is just one quarter at a time. There is no doubt we are seeing growing traction as these changes begin to build on top of each other. More to come 90 days from now. Thanks everyone for listening. 
