Stephen Priest: Nathan, I'll take that. Steve here. Our Q2 guide implies margin expansion between 0 and 70 basis points year-over-year, depending on where we land in the range. That's really driven by underlying advertising growth efficiency gains, partly offset by some of the investments we've talked about and some FX headwinds that we're seeing. You're right, there's a bit of seasonality that we deal with as we go through the year. The second quarter does generally have sequential contraction. That's in line with the last few years because seasonally, Q1 is our strongest quarter for operating margin due to relatively higher GMV and low expenses. A few of the puts and takes that we're seeing, the first thing I would say is that we continue to lean in, in investment. We see a lot of opportunity for good ROI as we are continuing to be committed to growing GMV in either third or the fourth quarter of next year, and we're seeing benefits associated with that. Secondly, there's a couple of dynamics with regards to advertising. In Q2 of 2023, we saw changes in terms of the Halo attribution, which really sort of saw significant momentum in our first-party ads in the second quarter of 2023. And in addition, we saw some revenue recognition changes in the second quarter, about $9 million that was pulled forward. So we're sort of dealing with those 2 dynamics. But as you've seen from our prepared remarks, we continue to be confident in the outlook, and we continue to guide margin expansion through 2024 between 60 and 100 basis points as we look forward to going through the rest of the year. 
Stephen Priest: Yes, of course. So Bryan, I think there's a couple of things I'd say. First of all, our size, our scale and our financial architecture with eBay with the strength of the balance sheet we have is a distinct advantage for us, particularly as we look to exploit generative AI and the benefits that come from that. With regards to how we're thinking about it from a CapEx and an OpEx standpoint, all of the investment that we've talked about in 2024 from a CapEx standpoint is embedded in the 4% to 5% of revenue, which we've guided for the full year. In terms of the OpEx investments associated with generative AI and everything that comes from that, that is contemplated in both our earnings and margin architecture that we've laid out. And in terms of revenue contribution, that's sort of embedded in the work that we've done and is enabling us to put the margin accretion up on the board between 60 and 100 basis points for 2024. And it will also give us benefits, as Jamie has talked about, for years to come as we improve trust and momentum on the overall platform. 
Stephen Priest: Thanks, Jamie. Obviously, we made a difficult decision at the start of the year to go through the reduction in force. From the magnitude of the headcount and the restructuring charges, it's obviously a significant event for us. It was not just about sort of driving cost savings and creating capacity. It was also about sort of driving greater agility, speed in decision-making across the organization, so we can continue to deliver for our customers. As it pertains to the value of that, that, along with other savings that we continue to drive through operational efficiencies, through our structural cost program that we've been running through for a few years, it is creating the capacity for us to invest back into the business to stimulate sort of customer stickiness and also to drive long-term sustainable growth. It is contemplated in the 60 to 100 basis points of margin expansion that we've laid out for the full year and obviously, a critical part of the earnings momentum that we're expecting to see with double-digit earnings growth at the midpoint of our guide. 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. I'd really say it's threefold, Colin. I'd say first is the focus category work that we're doing. You see us not only kind of expanding what we're doing there, but investing in categories that we've already launched before like what we announced in collectibles with the Collectors and Goldin this quarter, what we're seeing in terms of the growth of luxury, of P&A, refurbished at 5%. So that's probably the first thing I'd say. The second is just the geo work that we're doing in specific geographies. If you look at the work that we did in Germany on C2C, we continue to see healthy returns from that. We're more than a year from launching that. We launched that in Q1 of last year, and we're continuing to see positive C2C momentum in Germany and healthy metrics and encouraging numbers from our CSAT standpoint. So that's the second. And the third I would say is the efforts that we have against our horizontal innovations. So we've talked about things like magical listing, of simplifying the selling flow. We continue to invest in search, in CRM and a number of horizontal initiatives. I'd call out 2 that we talked about this quarter, which are explore and shop the look, new AI capabilities that we're launching first in fashion to really create a new browsing experience. So all 3 of those together is what gives us the confidence in moving forward and how we feel good about what we put out there. 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, our cross-border is one of our great strengths as a business. 1 in 5 transactions or about 20% of GMV goes across borders on eBay, and it's very strategic for us in that for sellers, it opens up a very vast demand opportunity. We've talked for a couple of quarters about eBay International Shipping as an example of one of those things. We've talked about our payments team investing in buyer and seller FX to make that more easy and take the friction out for customers. So you take, for example, a look at parts and accessories, which continues to perform well at mid-single digits, one of the largest contributors to that growth is really healthy CBT business. You look at luxury being positive even in this macro environment. And it's in part because of the work we're doing where we launched an authentication center in Japan, and we have great inventory coming out of there. So it's one of the benefits that we have from a global marketplace. We think we're unique from that perspective in terms of what we offer, in terms of the capability for sellers, and we're pleased with what we're seeing in the growth of CBT overall. 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Tom, thanks for the question. Look, we continue to operate in a really dynamic environment given the macro challenges globally with inflationary pressures and interest rates. We talked about Q1 started off a bit softer because of some of the weather, but then we had a reasonably good tax period. I would say the backdrop remains weaker in Europe than it does in the U.S., where U.S. is in better shape. If you look at e-commerce growth rates in U.K. and Germany this quarter, they're negative, and that's overall, and obviously, we play more in discretionary than consumables. So I think this is where our model is really winning, right? Our model is working because we have global demand. We've really focused in on non-new-in-season over the last couple of years. And we can provide value in a marketplace like this. We can be a great avenue for selling in terms of consumer demand. And I think it's why we reached the milestone this year or this quarter of now 40% of our inventory is pre-loved or refurbished is because we're seeing strength from the value proposition that we've built, and it's resonating with the consumer. 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, we're excited by what we're seeing in trading cards. What we saw is that there was obviously a lot of activity during the pandemic, and we were able to hold on to a lot of customers that we acquired and frankly, a lot of customers that got reactivated or reinterested into the hobby. When you look at collectibles, we've been investing in it over quite some time. We've launched a number of features, whether it's price guides, making it easier, [ My Collections ] on the marketplace, we've launched new shipping forms, we've introduced authentication in that product, et cetera, and really built the suite of what collectors were asking us to do. And then this quarter, as you saw a few weeks ago, the 3-part agreement that we've developed with Collectors really takes that to the next level. And frankly, this is something that collectors have been asking us to do, which is, hey, we create real value in getting our cards graded. We love selling them on eBay. How could we make that whole process easier? And when you look at the 3 separate deals that we put together, that's exactly what we intended to do with trading cards. So we're bringing in the Goldin platform, excited to bring Ken and his team in. This is going to bring really unique inventory, frankly, the world's most desirable inventory into the platform. Like they sold a Honus Wagner card for $7 million. It was the third most expensive trading card ever sold. Michael Jordan sneakers that sold for $1.4 million. There's this great book of the [ Goldin 100 ]. And we're just excited to have this new high-touch, white-glove experience available to sellers and to bring a global reach now for Goldin sellers on the marketplace. And then when you look at the commercial agreements, making it easier to buy, sell, trade and grade on the platform through an integrated experience is a great opportunity because clearly, a lot of collectors buy ungraded cards on eBay that they want to get graded or they've just graded a card or they realize the value based on the grade they have that they want to sell it. And so our ability to do this really helps grow the industry. It helps grow the hobby, and it's really what collectors have been asking us to do. So I'm really excited about what it means for the collecting and the future here at eBay. 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, the reason that we have such good seller metrics and sellers are so loyal, Richard, is because we let them build a brand on eBay. They build an eBay store, they have a presence, and we bring them a lot of really unique value propositions. We bring them the scale and breadth of global buyers on the marketplace. We bring them all of the capabilities to market and advertise their products really easily. We just -- we've been working the last couple of quarters on this product I talked about with Offsite Ads, which helps them bring traffic back. And so it's really -- those are really, I think, important to sellers. And what we see is really good feedback from doing those. And what we're doing in the U.K., U.K. is a unique market for us. We have very strong awareness and we're a leading player in recommerce. But we view the pre-loved fashion category as really a gateway to recommerce. Pre-owned apparel shoppers are really valuable to our business. And what we see is that 30% of our C2C sellers actually sell in pre-owned apparel. So given the strategic nature, we not only looked at what we could do to drive that velocity with the fee structure that we outlined, but we built about 10 different discrete features in that launch, from a streamlined listing flow where there's much simpler shipping options, for example, we simplified item aspects to just the relevant fields, we now offer photo guidance in a really compelling way, including better image removal and background swap, changed the default. So did a lot of things to make the selling process easier while launching explore and shop the look on the buying side to really take advantage of a much more modern experience for shopping for fashion on eBay. 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So look, it's been an important strategic area for us. One of the reasons we launched eBay International Shipping was the whole concept that we wanted you to be able to ship a product from LA to Norway, and it would be as easy as shipping it from LA to Chicago. And we built that product, and eBay takes care of all of the hard work and the background of customs, duties, et cetera. And we're seeing really great feedback in terms of the CSAT and the performance that we're getting from our sellers from that perspective. We built a lot of features like buyer and seller FX, so that the buyer can transact in their currency of choice to make that really easy for the -- for both the buyer and for the seller. When you look at the categories and what we have, it's really across the board. And it's really aligned with our focus category strategy that we have. So whether that's parts and accessories and being able to generate great parts and accessories in different parts of the world and ship them around the world, even to unique parts that may be manufactured in one country that there may be global demand from that perspective. We talked about handbags being another example in luxury where there's inventory coming out of, for example, Japan. It's a great market for handbags. By putting authentication center there, that now opens up global demand for the great inventory that sits there. And really, when you think about it, there's great inventory in a lot of our categories all across the world. And what we really focus on is how to open that up. When you think about the scale of a $73 billion platform where 1 in 5 transactions is going across borders, the scale of that means that it's broad, it's very diverse from that perspective. And we have 2 billion live listings on the platform. So really just about every category on the platform benefits from the work we've done in cross-border and making that simpler and easier for our customers. 
