Jamie Iannone: Yes. Thanks for the question, Colin. Absolutely. So when you look at our enthusiast buyers, we have 18 million of them. They drive 70% of our GMV. That group is a very productive group for us. It's -- they shop more than 30 days. They spend over $3,000. And even though some of them are moved in and out of mid-value, when you look at our mid-value buyers that we outlined at Investor Day, they're actually of the cumulative lifetime value of most other platforms. So they're also very valuable customers as well.  So the key things we're doing is, a, driving our focused category strategy. When we look at those enthusiast buyers, 94% of them shop in focus categories. So that's a big opportunity. 25% of them are selling on eBay, and that obviously drives the flywheel of performance. When we look at it versus 2019, it's not just about the numbers, but how do we get that group to buy more. So versus 2019, they're buying double digits more on the platform. And that has to do with getting them to go cross-category, getting them to be more sticky within their focus category or their initial category, and then all of the pieces that we know kind of drive retention.  The last one I'll just pick up on is it's also tied into our seller strategy. So part of the things that we announced this year -- this quarter with sellers, things like new eBay storefronts, enhancements to the eBay coupons, improvements to SEO. It's all about how to -- it's just not eBay and the platform driving retention of those enthusiast buyers, but how do we put more tools in our sellers' hands so that they can drive the retention of the buyers as well. So feel really good that the strategy is working and the plans are intact.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Thanks, Eric. So look, when we think about the impact macro, it's really across the board. We can look at, obviously, our own traffic and traffic of our competitors. And specifically in Europe or more so in Europe, really coincidental with the war, we saw the impact overall to the business. So there's various movements. I would say last year with the pandemic, we moved some mid-value up into enthusiast buyers as we looked at the segments. But really, it's kind of across the board, everyone's energy prices are going up, more cost of fuel, inflation, et cetera.  To your second question, we're really happy with the performance of ads being at 19% above GMV this quarter. And we talked about kind of the growth that we're seeing in the new products, although the large part of it is still our core product, which is the Promoted Listing standard. But continue to drive optimization, continue to drive adoption. We're still in kind of the early stages of the new products on advertising.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So a couple of things. One is really pleased to see that 9 points faster growth in terms of the focus categories. We are lapping some stimulus from last year in our numbers. So that's certainly a factor. And then over time, Tom, the math would say as we increase our coverage of focus categories, obviously, the delta will decrease just because of the math of more of the numerator being, the denominator as well. But as we look at this as a multiyear, the strategy that we laid out at Investor Day is right -- is consistent, getting them to grow at or above market growth rates. What I'd say I'm really happy about this quarter is that we're seeing the same type of deviation between focused categories in international that we saw in the U.S. in terms of their outperformance of the rest of the site. So we've been talking for a couple of quarters now about how international was more nascent, and we're starting to see that traction in the focus categories. And we talked about some of the new launches that we're seeing internationally.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Great question. So first, the way I think about the focused category is it's not like we invest in the category and that we're done. If you look at it, we're still investing in sneakers, which we launched quite some time ago. So we continue to make innovations even in categories that we've launched. The category that you first brought up handbags, we expanded what we're doing in authentication to the U.K. in a beta this quarter. We also expanded in the U.S. to men's bags this quarter. So now currently authenticating in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. So that will be a continued playbook.  I would say the same thing about parts and accessories is in addition to all the things we're doing around consideration, we're continuing to drive quarter-after-quarter new features, new capabilities for those categories.  You mentioned watches at the end. That's another category. Even though we launched authentication a couple of quarters back for watches, this quarter, we built a new capability, which is actually allowing buyers to pay for authentication if they want it for watches between $1,000 and $2,000. So it will be a continued evolution of focused categories as we launch new ones and continue to enhance them.  I'd say a couple of things about the collectibles category. I'm really excited by this quarter. A, our Vault is on track that we talked about at Investor Day and a lot of potential there to save, reauthenticating, shipping the products. On Monday, we announced a partnership with PSA. PSA is the most popular grader for trading cards, and now you can have your cards authenticated by PSA, over $2,000. And so like I said before, everything is kind of a continued evolution of enhancements to drive customer satisfaction.  On your question on advertising, yes, we feel great. The thing that makes us feel great about the opportunity for more penetration is the ROAs that we continue to see. We have strong ROAS for our sellers. And so it's obviously easiest to get the largest sellers to start using the product and drive that penetration first. But we're, for example, launching a new unified listing experience, which has a great advertising inclusion. This quarter, we announced some optimization tools for our product listing advanced. And look, it took us 5 years to get the -- to get the standard product to where it is today. So these things do take time to drive adoption, to drive optimization, but we feel like the suite of products that we launched is the right one.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Ross, I'm happy with our pace of innovation. So the Klarna deal that we announced, which we'll be launching this quarter, actually allows us to accept forms of payments, which are very popular in Germany, which we've not been able to accept, primarily pay upon invoice and financing. And so that's one component. Steve talked about the digital wallet, which is in beta now, which obviously helps us with the flywheel, also helps sellers because they can store a balance for their selling costs like shipping, et cetera. And then to your question on cross-border trade, we are doing things to help. They're having somewhat of an impact, being able to forward deploy inventory through a partnership that we've done. But our cross-border trade elements, as Steve said, have been roughly steady.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. With the departure of Pete in that transition, I went out and tried to find the absolute best product person in the world that I can find. Eddie has a really unique ability. He combines product UX and technology like no other executive that I've met. And importantly, too, he has a decade of background with eBay, which is extremely valuable to come in and really hit the ground running. And he's already started. I think he's on day 8 today, and is doing a great job. So really excited to have him here.  I would say no, nothing changes in terms of the product road map. He's got a great team of leaders underneath him. We have a strong organization, and the road map is very solid for the year. I mean if I just look at payments as an example, this quarter, they announced a deal with Klarna at Investor Day. They're about to launch it. They launched a new capability to do buyer FX, so the buyers could pay in their local currency. They've made enhancements and ramped up stored value, all of that within a single quarter.  So I'm happy with our pace of innovation across the board. I'm just thrilled that Eddie could be part of the leadership team and help us push forward on the tech-led reimagination.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So I'd say on trading cards, what we said in there is that we're obviously lapping kind of the massive stimulus that we saw last year. We're settling out at twice the level of GMV that we were beforehand. And we're really kind of leaning in to fuel the growth in trading cards. So to your question on Vault, the beauty of the Vault is a lot of -- for a lot of collectors, it's not something that they need to have around their house. They want to be able to trade. And you could see trades happening in the middle of the game where the rookie all of a sudden is on fire, and people want to start trading that. That trade becomes really seamless when it sits inside the Vault. It's authenticated on the way in. It doesn't have to be shipped anywhere, validated, et cetera.  And so you could see these billions of dollars of inventory, we could start to drive turns on that on a much more rapid basis. So we're excited by that. We're also excited by the grading partnership that we announced on Monday, which complements what we've been doing for ungraded cards over $750 because it builds more authenticity and trust into what we're doing from a trading cards perspective. So that builds on top of last year's launches that we had like the improved shipping labels, the computer vision that we're working on in that category, et cetera.  So really excited by that. When I look at the rest of the categories, watches continues to be strong. We sustained double-digit growth on top of last year's strong growth rate. We've been able to remonetize sneakers and keep the momentum in that category. Strong growth in handbags as well. And we talked about some of those announcements in the business. So across the board, I think we are -- the strategy that we have is working. We're seeing the change in customer satisfaction and the change of the business and the deviation that these categories are able to create. And then we're starting to see that expand internationally.
Stephen Priest: Colin, good to speak. As you can imagine, we've been very deliberate in terms of how we've looked at the outlook for the remainder of 2022 based on this base of uncertain and challenged environment. I'd just like to -- you're correct in terms of your assumption as we go forward with regards to seasonality. So just as a reminder, as we talked about at our last earnings call, we do have a half 1 and half 2 underlying story for 2022 as we lap some of the significant tailwinds associated with COVID in 2021 in the first half as we go forward.  But we -- despite the -- I suppose, at a macro level, we do see this overall softness driven by the macroeconomic environment, but we still expect the sort of seasonal shape of the GMV as we go forward.
Stephen Priest: Deepak, I'll pick those up. As I mentioned on the previous question, we've been very thoughtful and deliberate about the '22 guide as we look out for the remainder of the year and really reflecting what we see as ongoing macroeconomic challenges in the overall environment. I think I would pull it down to sort of 3 specific areas as you think and contemplate the guide that we put out.  First, the continued negative economic impact of the terrible atrocities associated with the war in Ukraine, and our expectation that those negative impacts will continue through 2022. The other is, overall, the continued headwinds from the broader macro environment. You think about things like interest rates, fuel prices, energy costs that's putting an additional pressure on the consumer and their discretionary spend. And we're particularly seeing this in Europe, in a couple of our key markets in the U.K. and Germany, where we're seeing consumer confidence at historic lows.  And then we are also assuming as a third item, the expected continuation of the supply chain disruptions that we've seen for a number of quarters here that continues to put a drag on our international business. So when I think about those 3 areas, that's what we've contemplated when we look in the macro environment, and we went forward to that 2022 guide.  Beyond 2022, as you recall, we talked to the investor community back in March at our investor event, and we remain confident in our long-term guide. We see these issues as transitory. Our long-term guide contemplated mid-single-digit GMV growth. We remain confident in that. We continue to make the investments for the long-term future. You heard Jamie talk about the momentum that we're seeing in our prepared comments. And so we certainly see that as a longer-term perspective as we now get these choppy waters in the near term.
Stephen Priest: And then just to pick up with your question around sort of Q2 margins, there's naturally an underlying seasonal impact that we sort of go through. But as we talked about on our last earnings call, we did expect Q2 would be our lowest margin for the year based on the phasing of our investments. As you can imagine, we are leaning in based on the macro environment to sort of shorter-term costs, but we are continuing to invest in product, full funnel marketing and making sure that the longer-term strategy stays on track. And so these are some of the dynamics at play with regard to our second quarter margin profile that you've heard about today.
Stephen Priest: Yes. Richard, I think you're talking about the 6 point delta between the FX-neutral GMV and FX-neutral revenue. I'd say there's 3 dynamics at play. Number one, you're right, we're sort of lapping through the completion of managed payments as we've transitioned from '21 to '22. So we see less of a tailwind associated with that. But on the flip side, the other 2 items is the continued momentum with regards to the investments we were making in both payments with some of the items that Jamie talked about earlier in terms of the execution from the team and what's being driven associated with that, and then the continued success in the ads platform. As we mentioned in the first quarter, ads was growing at 19 points faster than GMV. So it's really the combination of those 3 factors that I've talked about that gets the implied guide going forward.
Stephen Priest: Yes, I'll just give a little bit of extra color. I think when we bifurcate what we've seen between international and the U.S. in terms of consumer sentiment, U.S. and U.K. consumer sentiment is at pretty much historic based on what we've seen. But as you can imagine, some of this is percolated over to the U.S. in terms of inflation going up, higher prices and also the inflation that's going forward.  So the U.S. is not immune to this. It's more -- we saw in the first quarter some deeper penetration challenges in the European business. But I think it's a fair comment just in that there has been some slowdown. And as we go further forward during 2022, at a macro level, you can sort of see that implied in our guidance and go forward.
