Devin Wenig: Thanks Brian. I will let Scott talk about the translation of revenue, but let me just talk about the business drivers. So, there are really two significant drivers to the second half. The first is the product and customer experience, and the second is marketing. On the product, we have some significant product changes coming into the market some of which are already in the market performing well which we are going to scale. So I mentioned Guaranteed Delivery, already out scaling, performing well. Our new C2C selling flow delivering meaningful consumer selling conversion, scaling already out in the market. Structured data’s tentacles are now touching every part of the company and they’re making a meaningful impact in many areas. The one area that we still got to iterate is on the full product based prior experience, where as I mentioned in my remarks, we are seeing really good conversion from brand new buyers who come to eBay and we have some work to do on the existing base. So, on the product side, we have been working, as you know, at this for quite a while. We have driven improved acceleration and better operating results over time and we believe that that will continue in the second half. At the same time, because we are seeing good performance of new buyers that come to eBay, we want to bring more of them, and to do that we are going to continue to activate our marketing channels and market aggressively. We are responding to a competitive e-commerce landscape. We love our proposition. We think that when people come to eBay that they see what a great proposition we have. So you can expect us to light up our brand in the second half further. You can expect us to be active in all marketing channels and to plus that up along with the new product releases. So, all of that, obviously, helped us factor in to the guide on core acceleration. Scott can talk a little bit about the core GMV to revenue translation.
Devin Wenig: And let me just comment on that as well, which is it’s incredibly important to me that we are disciplined in our project approach that we are always allocating resource just towards the highest value customer projects that we experiment and when things don’t work, we reallocate, and we kill those projects. We do that always. In this case because we had at the top particularly of the technology organization, a significant reorganization with Steve moving to payments, it gave us an opportunity several years into this journey to take a deep look and to say, okay, we need to plus these things up and there are other areas that we just weren’t getting a return on them. So I think it’s really good discipline to stop projects that aren’t working and reallocate to projects that are where resource is fungible, we move it, but not all resource is and that’s what you saw us do in Q2.
Devin Wenig: On the second part of the question, I probably won’t get into specifics but we make a lot of bets and some of them are very long term bets and some of them are experiments and we have experimented with all kinds of new mediums of human to computer interface. We have experimented with just a lot of I think it’s very healthy for us to constantly experiment and have a portfolio of projects that are both near and far. And on some of the far ones we are continuing and some we are not. And again, I don’t want to get into a laundry list of small projects. But the overall reduction force was not very large and it reflects the fact that we stopped things that I think should have been stopped and that resource was not we allocable. On the question about the second half, like part of it, I think, Heath is things that it’s not that they didn’t deliver, but they’re taking longer than we probably would have hoped in January. So I look at where we have Guaranteed Delivery in C2C in the market and many of the tentacles of structured data. I am really pleased with what they’ve done but we have not been able to move them out of as fast as originally I would’ve hoped quite honestly. And in some ways that gives me confidence that we will get benefit from it we just need to move them out to and get more surface area. Another great example would be the brand. So on brand I am really happy that we are investing and we are sticking to investing in our brand. I think everybody that I have spoken to from our customers to our investors understands that we have an incredible brand, but one that can be easily misunderstood and it’s our job to close that perception gap. But brands take time and we -- when I look at the underlying metrics I said I think last call or the one before, what I am holding our brand spend accountable for is moving aided consideration and we are beginning to see aided consideration move. It hasn’t yet translated to our buyer growth number. I believe it will. But we have got to be persistent and run the company for the long-term and not shut it off because it didn’t make an impact this quarter. So there is an example of things that I think are both projects that we shutdown or projects that we believe will swing through and deliver for us in the second half and beyond.
Devin Wenig: No. It might just be worth adding that one of the headwinds in the U.S. business was the export business this quarter, given the strengthening dollar. So we did see, as the dollar strengthened, U.S. exports came under pressure and that contributed to the 1 point decel in the U.S. business.
Devin Wenig: I think -- look, I think, it’s very early. But I would say, we are really pleased with where Australia is. It’s performing very well. We have a great customer proposition and we don’t see any change in trend. we are really pleased with Australia. 
Devin Wenig: On the first part, I think, so far we have done pretty well making substantial changes to the Marketplace without disrupting it. I got a lot of questions a year ago about why we weren’t moving faster and my answer was always, because we don’t -- we want to make it work for both new customers and existing customers, and many of the things we have done I believe have done that, but we -- when we -- not everything is that easy. And when you have a very large habituated marketplace and you’re making substantial changes to the user experience some of it takes time. And that time may be design challenges, its front end product challenges. I think we are on to a really powerful product experience that both simplifies eBay, but equally doesn’t mimic anyone else and it shows what we are great at, which is the spectrum of value, our incredible advantage in inventory and in prices for consumers, without necessarily having any commodity high velocity items, having them weight through hundreds of thousands of individual listings. That’s what we are trying to accomplish. You get a new buyer who is not habituated to a way of doing things and they love it. Existing buyers have take more time and we have to thread the needle about not disrupting their experience, but also bringing out about that trade-off of simplicity but differentiation. And we see pockets of it, but it does take time. And overall, I feel very good about it. I feel like we are absolutely on the right path and I feel confident that we are going to get the benefit out of that in particular that we have -- that we are expecting. What the second part of the question was on -- brand versus promo. You know what, the way look at it is, we spend an experiment in a variety of different ways to drive value in the Marketplace. For me value means what it says. I have often also said, you can buy growth it’s not that hard. There are plenty of companies out there that do it. We have always been disciplined in the way that we spent and we are always experimenting. So, yes, we do promos now. The market -- a couple of years ago we added strong deals program to the holiday. Why did we do that? We did it because consumers were demanding it. And what we found is if we do it the right way, we don’t just get growth in that holiday quarter, we get the CLD benefit of those customers. I’d say we are experimenting right now with these promos. We are experimenting with generating activity, bringing new customers in and then seeing what happens, and it’s kind of early to look at the cohort of customers that have come in through this promotional activity to know whether we will get the value. But that’s exactly why we are doing it. So that we can measure it and make sure that we are not destroying value but that we are adopting to the market, but also getting value out of every marketing dollar or promo dollar.
Devin Wenig: I will handle StubHub, Scott will handle taxes. I don’t think anything changed with StubHub. You don’t have to look very far to look at the underlying event landscape in Q2. It was a historically bad MLB start of the season. Some of that caused by a historically high number of rainouts and it was a four game NBA series, it was a five game final series it was a five game hockey series. There were just a lot of things that broke the wrong way on the landscape and as we have said quarter-to-quarter, when you have high market share in the U.S. that -- it is what it is. It comes with the event landscape. So I don’t believe any change in the underlying dynamics. I think we just had a tough landscape. And as we said, right now we don’t see any particular reason to believe the landscape will get better in the second half, but to me StubHub’s underlying market position business position has not changed.
Devin Wenig: Thanks Doug. On tariffs there is been zero impact to-date. All the tariff activity has been on raw materials commodities and agricultural products none of which directly impact us. But, obviously, we are watching it very carefully like every business is and at this point we don’t see any reason that it will pose a near term risk to our business, but you tell me what’s going to happen with the trade wars and I will let you know. But so far we are -- we have steered the business clear of anything that’s happened to-date. On India, so the first step will be when the Flipkart transaction closes. As you heard, Scott say, we will monetize our investment in Flipkart. Then the anticipation is that we will come back into the Indian market both through in import and an export strategy. We will start with export meaning Indian sellers selling on other marketplace platforms around the world that was something that we turned over to Flipkart. We are going to get that back upon the closing of the transaction. So we will light up the Indian seller base to sell across all of our major markets. And the second step will be the reintroduction of ebayindia.com. And I don’t yet have any timing on that, because we don’t -- we are not exactly sure when the Flipkart transaction’s going to close. But the idea would be to lead with exports and imports to lead with India with differentiated import inventory and from the moment the transaction closes to have the export business up and running. That’s our approach. 
Devin Wenig: I will take the World Cup. In the scheme of things, no. We saw an impact on every World Cup game saw a reduction in buying activity, but in the scheme of the size of our marketplace it’s not that meaningful. And we have got some StubHub GMS internationally out of World Cup. So I don’t -- I think it netted to basically it’s probably a small down but nothing that would have shown up or material. And Scott on the second part.
Devin Wenig: Yeah. Good questions. On eBay Plus, so we now have eBay Plus in Germany and in Australia. And I am really pleased with the results. Now let’s keep in mind that the programs are slightly different based on where they are and I suspect that if eBay Plus moves out of those markets, they’ll change as well. I don’t -- in Australia, as an example, it’s not purely a shipping program. It’s also got a partnership with flybuys, which is a big national loyalty network for purchasing credit outside our network, to things like groceries and gas and other things. In Germany, it’s preferential access to deals and other benefits. So I -- right now, when I look at Australia that just introduced this, the uptake early -- it’s super early, but the uptake has well exceeded our expectations, we are very pleased with where that went. Including this week, where you saw a lot of global retail activity and we use the opportunity around Prime Day to market our propositions and we saw a great uptake of eBay Plus in Australia around this week, which I am really, really pleased with. Could eBay Plus move out? I think it could. We are obviously looking at that. I don’t think the proposition will equal the same thing everywhere. But I like the idea of a loyalty program that brings differential benefits to our most loyal customers and we will see where it goes from there, nothing to say at this point.
Devin Wenig: Look, I think that advertising along with payments, are two of the most significant mid-term opportunities that we have. And the one that I would point at most strongly is promoted listings first party advertising. It -- our growth trajectory is very strong, as you’ve heard on the last three or four earnings calls. And when I look at the ratio of first party advertising on eBay, compared to our GMV, I don’t -- I think we are not even in the first inning. There is a lot of runway to grow that business and we are putting a lot of muscle into growing it and I do believe that it is a meaningful revenue stream. I mean, you’ve heard from, Scott, it was meaningful this quarter, showing up in transaction revenue, and we are just getting started. So when I look out, not too long, but in the call it mid-term, you’ve got our core business that we are putting an intense amount of focus on that we are leaning into to accelerate. We are very focused on these two kind of let’s call it new mid-term opportunities, payments, which we have talked a lot about in the last two earnings calls and advertising, which are the over-the-top really exciting opportunities that we are investing in. And kind of that’s the way I look at the next period short-to mid-term playing out is keep improving the core, generate acceleration in the second half and invest in and get prepared for the over-the-top new opportunities in advertising and payments.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. Brian, the way I would think about the translation from GMV to revenue is, it’s roughly the same. So when we talked about guidance for the year, we expected roughly 1 point of acceleration from our Marketplace’s business. And in the new guide, essentially, what we are saying is, at the high end we’d have 1 point of acceleration in the second half of the year and stable in the first half. And that would translate through in the form of revenue much, much the same way. I wouldn’t highlight any differences between GMV and revenue from a marketplace’s standpoint. We do have, as I called out, some pretty good lapping with the very strong quarter in Q4 from StubHub, that given their current trajectory and the market landscape is a pressure versus last time we spoke as well.
Scott Schenkel: Sure. Mark let me take those. First off, on the marketing, yeah, I’d say, we spent more and I think the additional sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue highlighted that. Look, we are in a very competitive market and in e-commerce landscape that’s equally -- that’s really competitive. It’s important for us to adapt our approach as we try to remain competitive and drive traffic and activity you all saw was inventory. And so, we are increasingly focused, as we have talked about, in making sure that we are driving engagement and usage of the platform and whether that’s from increasing share of wallet with our existing buyers or attracting new buyers, and so the promotional activity is intended to do both of those. And while we are on the topic when you think about those incentives there is a wide variety of different incentives that you’ve seen both in the Kontron in the form of seller couponing, as well as buyer coupons, marketing expense, box boosters, et cetera. And we have been leveraging those promotions more heavily in recent times, and I think, we have been pretty clear and it’s been showing up in marketing as a percentage of revenue. And look I think you should expect and as implied in our guidance that that will continue and certainly the re-architecture of our cost base that we did in June was intended to enable that without having an impact to earnings. In terms of the actual EPS impact, what we are trying to architect on a GAAP, non-GAAP basis is that there is no impact to revenue and there is no impact to non-GAAP EPS from the restructuring that we did. However, we have enabled a significant amount of marketing incremental to our original plans to buffer the second half.
Scott Schenkel: Ross, this is Scott. I would highlight that there is actually a couple underlying dynamics that we have called out in the past and that continue and will continue to pressure in a rolling 12-month metric for the time being. First off, as we kind of talked about, there is a fidget spinner dynamic that in Q2 of last year brought a lot of low ASP items that were a lot of new buyers as well and we have not retained those new buyers to the extent that we have in the past. They’re kind of one and done if you will buying those fidget spinners and they were very low ASP items. So, as we lap that that certainly makes it feel like the underlying growth rate is decelerating when in fact it’s more a one-off aspect of that. And that same thing is pressuring active buyers but now the other thing we talked about was we had been favoring higher ASP branded items in our search and as that has -- then that has kind of offset some of the ASP pressure or sorry some of the pressure that we got from the fidget spinners in the sole item number pushing ASP up a bit, but really sold items down. So hopefully that’s clear. But that’s the dynamic between those two both active buyers and sold items.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. Let me take on the payment strategy. As Devin mentioned, I think, the team has made great progress this quarter on executing the plans. And in fact, next week we expect to launch our employee beta. And then we will roll out from there and are working already with sellers who will be invited to the initial 5% phase with our new managed payments experience later this fall and we will actually be sharing some of those plans with our sellers at the eBay Open next week.  International versus U.S. markets. Look, underlying excluding the addition of the Japanese business, our international markets were flat quarter over quarter at 6%. That kind of hides some underlying strength in a few of our larger markets offset by some weakness in some of our smaller markets. But in particular I’d call out Australia and the U.K., and some modest improvement in Germany where we feel pretty good about the underlying performance. But on the other side there is some weakness in other markets on aggregate we are flat. I don’t know, Devin, if you have anything else.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. And the short answer is, yes, the tax rate that we booked year-to-date will continue as we head into the second half of the year and you can see that in the EPS walk that we provided. So roughly $0.03 this quarter, which is a catch up to the first half and then for the second half a roughly equivalent amount, so that upside will flow through and it will be ongoing.
Scott Schenkel: Well, the answer -- the -- look I don’t -- I never really talk about Google’s impact on us, but I will just say putting aside the impact to us, what we have seen consistently is that not all of our, let’s call it, SEO pages are built on structured data, we have been moving them aggressively. The ones that are have performed extremely well. The ones that are not have continued to be under pressure and that means that our job is to move it all and that’s what we are doing as fast as we can. But where we have built our SEO beachhead on our structured data footprint, we have continued to see improvements in ranking and traffic. And where we have not yet moved, we have continued over the last several years to see degradation. So the imperative is to keep moving it, keep going and get it all over as quickly as we can.
